JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From January the 31st, 1792,

In the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third

TO

November the 15th, 1792,

In the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of The House of Commons.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 47.

B

Message to attend His Majesty.

Writs issued in Recess.

Members uke Oaths,

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

TT

Martis, 31° die Januarii;

Anno 32* Georgii Iiru Regis, 1792.

A MESS AGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the " House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk " of the Crown, for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner " therein mentioned; and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes,’' he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz. for the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of Francis Cockayne Cast, Esquire, deceased; for the County of Merioneth, in the room of Evan Loyd Vaughan, Esquire, deceased; and for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, in the room of Henry Gage, Esquire, now Lord Gage, called up to the House of Peers.

Several Members present, and several Members returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Haw required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in Vox,. 47.

such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Outlawries, was read the First Time. Bill reud-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had at- Mr. Speaker tended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where reports the His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The many Proofs which you have given of your affectionate Attachment to My Person and Family leave Me no Doubt of your participating in the Satisfaction which I derive from the happy Event of the Marriage which has been celebrated between My Son, the Duke o { York, and the eldest Daughter of My

good Brother and Ally the King of Prussia: And I am persuaded that I may expect your cheerful Concurrence in enabling Me to make a suitable Provision for their Establishment.

Since I last met you in Parliament, a Definitive Treaty has been concluded under My Mediation and that of My Allies the King of Prussia and the States General of the United Provinces, between the Emperor and the Ottoman Porte, on Principles which appear the best calculated to prevent future Disputes between those Powers.

Our Intervention has also been employed, with a View to promote a Pacification between the Empress of Russia and The Porte, and Conditions have been agreed upon between Us and the former of those Powers, which We undertook to recommend to The Porte, as the Re-establishment of Peace on such Terms appeared to be, under all the existing Circumstances, a desirable Event for the general Interests of Europe. I am in Expectation of speedily receiving the Account of the Conclusion of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, Preliminaries having been some Time since agreed upon between those Powers.

I have directed Copies of the Definitive Treaty,

between

31° Januarii. A. 1192.

between the Emperor and The Porte, to be laid before you, as well as such Papers as are necessary to shew the Terms of Peace, which have been under Discussion during the Negotiation with the Qourb- of

Petersburgfh, ’ !

I regret that I am not yet enabled to inforn{ ^ouj of the Termination of the War in India: But the Success which has already attended the distinguished Bravery and Exertions of the Officers and Troops under the able Conduct of Lord Cornwallis, affords reasonable Ground to hope that the War may speedily be brought to an honourable Conclusion.

The friendly Assurances which I receive from Foreign Powers, and the general State of Affairs in Europe, appear to promise to My Subjects the Continuance of their present Tranquillity. Under these Circumstances I am induced to think that some immediate Reduction may safely be made in Our Naval and Military Establishments; and My Regard for the Interests of My Subjects renders Me at all Times desirous of availing Myself of any favourable Opportunity to diminish the Public Expences.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

It will, I am persuaded, give you great Satisfaction to learn that the extraordinary Expences incurred in the course of the last Year have, in a great Measure, been already defrayed by the Grants of the Session. The State of Our Resources will, I trust, be found more than sufficient to provide for the remaining Part of these Expences, as well as for the current Service of the Year, the Estimates for which I have directed to be laid before you.

I entertain the pleasing Hope, that the Reductions which may be found practicable in the Establishments, and the continued Increase of the Revenue, will enable you, after making due Provision for the several Branches of the Public Service, to enter upon a System of gradually relieving My Subjects trom some Part of the existing Taxes, at the same Time giving additional Efficacy to the Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt, on the Success of which Our future Ease and Security essentially depend.

With a Viow to this important Object, let Me also recommend it to you to turn your Attention to the Consideration of such Measures as the State of the Funds and of Public Credit may render practicable and expedient towards a Reduction in the Rate of Interest of any of the Annuities which are now redeemable.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The continued and progressive Improvement in the internal Situation of the Country will, I am confident, animate you in the Pursuit of every Measure which may be conducive to the Public Interest. It must, at the same Time, operate as the strongest Encouragement to a Spirit of useful Industry among all Classes of My Subjects, and, above all, must confirm and increase their steady and zealous Attachment to that Constitution which We have found, by long Experience, to unite the inestimable Blessings of Liberty and Order, and to which, under the Favour of Providence, all Our other Advantages are principally to be ascribed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To offer to His Majesty our cordial and dutiful Congratulations upon the Nuptials of His Royal Highness the Duke of York; and to express the great

Satisfaction and Joy of His faithful Commons on this happy Occasion, which may furnish an additional Security to the many Blessings which this Country has enjoyed* under the quid and auspicious Government of His Majesty, arid H$f illustrious Fdjhily.

That, impressed jfdth thale Sentiments/ we shall cheerfully proceed- so make sue« Provision^* for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of York, as shall be suited to their Rank and Dignity:

To express our Satisfaction at learning the Progress which has been made towards the Restoration of general Tranquillity:

To acknowledge His Majesty’s Condescension and Goodness, in communicating to us the Result of the Negociations in which His Majesty has been engaged with Foreign Powers; and in having been graciously pleased to order Copies of the Definitive Treaty between Austria and The Porte to be laid before us; together with such Papers as are necessary to shew the Terms of I^eace which have been under Discussion, during the Negociation with the Court of Petersburgh:

To express to His Majesty, that, although we cannot but regret that His Majesty is not yet enabled to inform us of the Termination of the War in India, we reflect, with just Satisfaction, on the Success which has already attended the distinguished Bravery and Exertions of the Officers and Troops under the able Conduct of Lord Cormvallis; and we rejoice that His Majesty sees reasonable Ground to hope that the War may be speedily brought to an honourable Conclusion:

That we are happy to learn, that the friendly Assurances which His Majesty receives from Foreign Powers, and the general Situation of Affairs, induce His Majesty to think, that some immediate Reduction may safely be made in our Naval and Military Establishments; and that we acknowledge, with the warmest Gratitude, His Majesty’s Parental Regard for the Interests of His Subjects, manifested in His Desire of availing Himself of any favourable Opportunity to diminish the Public Expences:

To assure His Majesty, that it cannot but afford us great Satisfaction to find that the extraordinary Expences, incurred in the Course of the last Year, have been already defrayed, in a great Measure, by the Grants of the Session; and that we shall apply ourselves, without Delay, to the Consideration of the best Means of providing for the remaining Part of those Expences, as well as for the current Service of the Year:

That we shall proceed to the Examination of the State of the Public Income and Expenditure; and that it will afford us the highest Gratification if, on the Result of such Examination, we shall find ourselves enabled to enter on a System so consonant to our most earnest and anxious Wishes, as that of gradually relieving His Majesty’s faithful Subjects from some Parts of the existing Taxes; at the same Time giving additional Efficacy to the Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt, on the Success of which w-e are fully sensible that our future Ease and Security must essentially depend:

That, with a View to this important Object, we shall not fail to turn our Attention to the Consideration of such Measures, as the State of the Funds, and of Public Credit, may render practicable and expedient, towards a Reduction in the Rate of Interest of any of the Annuities which are now redeemable:

To beseech His Majesty to believe, that we shall consider the continued and progressive Improvement of the internal Situation of the Country, as an additional Incentive to the faithful Discharge of our Duty, in the Pursuit of every Measure that can be conducive to the Public Interest:

That

39 Geo. III. 31 ° Januarii.5

That we cordially join with His Majesty in a just Expectation and Reliance, that this happy Circumstance must operate as the strongest Encouragement to a Spirit of useful Industry, among all Classes of His Majesty’s Subjects: And, above all, we rejoice to think that it must confirm and increase their steady and zealous Attachment to the Principles of that Constitution, which has been found, by long Experience, to unite the inestimable Blessings of Liberty and Order; and which we shall ever consider it our first Duty to preserve and maintain, as being the Cause to which, under the Favour of Providence, all our other Advantages are principally to be ascribed;

The House was moved. That so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 26th Day of November 1790, as relates to the Interruption which has taken Place in the Tranquillity of our Indian Possessions, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " although we '* cannot but regret that His Majesty is not yet enabled " to intorm us of the Termination of the War in , " we reflect with just Satisfaction, on the Success " which has already attended the distinguished Bravery " and Exertions of the Officers and Troops under the " able Conduct of Lord; and we rejoice

" that His Majesty sees reasonable Ground to hope that " the War may be speedily brought to an honourable " Conclusion;" in order to insert these Words. " sensible of the Disadvantages of a procrastinated War, " and convinced that it must be attended with almost " certain Ruin to the Finances of the Company, we " cannot but observe, with the utmost Regret, that the ‘ Prospect which His Majesty held out to us, in His " most Gracious Speech from the Throne, at the opening of the last Session of Parliament, has not yet been " realized. At the same Time gratefully to acknow ledge " His Majesty’s Paternal Care and Attention to the " Safety and Happiness of His People, expressed in " His benevolent Wish for the Conclusion of a speedy " and honourable Peace," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, . } -0{J-

Tellers for the Noes, SL*Jo/m:} 8>

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolution Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

for Address His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of «King'* this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the

Sp*ch- Throne:

To offer to His Majesty our cordial and dutiful Congratulations upon the Nuptials of His Royal Highness die Duke of York; and to express the great Satisfaction and Joy of His faithful Commons on this happy Occasion, which may furnish an additional Security to the many Blessings which this Country has enjoyed under the mild and auspicious Government of His Majesty, and His illustrious Family:

That, impressed with these Sentiments, we shall cheerfully proceed to make such Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of York, as shall be suited to their Rank and Dignity:

To express our Satisfaction at learning the Progress which has been made towards the Restoration of general Tranquillity:

To acknowledge His Majesty’s Condescension and Goodness, in communicating to us the Result of the Voi, 47.

Negociations in which His Majesty has been engaged with Foreign Powers; and in having been graciously pleased to order Copies of the Definitive Treaty between Austria and The Porte to be laid before us; together with such Papers as are necessary to shew the Terms of Peace which have been under Discussion, during the Negociation with the Court of

To express to His Majesty, that, although we cannot but regret that His Majesty is not yet enabled to inform us of the Termination of the War in India, we reflect, with just Satisfaction, on the Success which has already attended the distinguished Bravery and Exertions of the Officers and Troops under the able Conduct of Lord Cornwallis', and we rejoice that His Majesty sees reasonable Ground to hope that the War may be speedily brought to an honourable Conclusion:

That we are happy to learn, that the friendly Assurances which His Majesty receives from Foreign Powers, and the general Situation of Affairs, induce His Majesty to think, that some immediate Reduction may safely be made in our Naval and Military Establishments; and that we acknowledge, with the wannest Gratitude, His Majesty's Parental Regard for the Interests of His Subjects, manifested in His Desire of availing Himself of any favourable Opportunity to diminish the Public Expences:

To assure His Majesty, that it cannot but afford us great Satisfaction to find that the extraordinary Expences, incurred in the Course of the last Year, have been already defrayed, in a great Measure, by the Grants of the Session; and that we shall apply ourselves, without Delay, to the Consideration of the best Means of providing for the remaining Part of those Expences, as well as for the current Service of the Year:

That we shall proceed to the Examination of the State of the Public Income and Expenditure; and that it will afford us the highest Gratification if, on the Result of such Examination, we shall find ourselves enabled to enter on a System so consonant to our most earnest and anxious Wishes, as that of gradually relieving His Majesty’s faithful Subjects from some Parts of the existing Taxes; at the same Time giving additional Efficacy to the Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt, on the Success of which we are fully sensible that our future Ease and Security must essentially depend:

That with a View to this important Object, we shall not fail to turn our Attention to the Consideration of such Measures, as the State of the Funds, and of Public Credit, may render practicable and expedient, towards a Reduction in the Rate of Interest of any of the Annuities which are now redeemable:

To beseech His Majesty to believe, that we shall consider the continued and progressive Improvement of the internal Situation of the Country, as an additional Incentive to the faithful Discharge of our Duty, in the Pursuit of every Measure that can be conducive to the Public Interest:

That we cordially join with His Majesty in a just Expectation and Reliance, that this happy Circumstance must operate as the strongest Encouragement to a Spirit of useful Industry, among all Classes of His Majesty’s Subjects: And, above all, we rejoice to think that it must confirm and increase their steady and zealous Attachment to the Principles of that Constitution, which has been found, by long Experience, to unite the inestimable Blessings of Liberty and Order; and which we shall ever consider it our first Duty to preserve and maintain, as being the Cause to which, under the Favour of Providence, all our other Advantages are principally to be ascribed.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

CAnd

Committee appointed to draw up Address,

Kings

Speech

referred,

Leicestershire Writ.

Caine Writ.

Truro Writ.

The Lords will proceed on the 14th Instant on Mr. Hastings' Trial.

Stone Poor Petition.

31° Januarii. — 1°

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Charles Yorke, Sir James Murray, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dunda Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Steele, the Earl of Mr. Pybus, Mr. Hopkins, Colonel Phipps, Mr. Henry Hobart, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Rose, General Murray, Mr. Long,

Sir George Harvard, Mr. Pole Carew, Mr. Orde, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Minchin, Mr. Stanley, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Leicester, in the room of Sir Thomas Cave, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the County of Wilts, in the room of John Morris, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham,

the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of William Augustus Spencer Boscawen, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Salt.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1° die Februarii;

A. 1792.

to maintain themselves, and that by such Means the Poor might be made to contribute to their own Support, and become useful to the Community, instead of being a heavy Burthen to the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for providing a proper Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and to make such Provisions therein, for regulating and employing them, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Jervis, Mr. Rolle, See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying Norwich and into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Seventh Thetford Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending p°jj(jon the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Noru'ich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees for the Care of the said Road have caused the same to be amended and put into good Repair, but they are advised that the said Road, being the Great and ancient Road from the City of Norxvich to London, cannot be supported, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and the Petitioners apprehend it may be necessary to vary and enlarge some of the Provisions and Powers of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the said Act, and making such Alterations therein, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Anno 32* Georgii III,u Regis, 1792. A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying Norwich and

into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Tenth Swaffham Praters. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amend-

AMES SAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford ing and widening the Road from Saint Benedict’s Gate, eU lon‘ and Mr. Graves: in the County of the City of Norwich, to in

Mr. Speaker, the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Honingham, to the Bounds of and also a Lane

House, That their Lordships will proceed further in called Hangmans Lane, near the Gates of the said the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday the City, and also of several of the Persons entitled to the 14th Day of this Instant February, at Ten of the Clock, Money due and owing on the Credit of the said Act, in Westminster Hall. wa9 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

And then the Messengers withdrew. That the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have

proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Poor, and Inhabitants paying to the Relief of the Poor, Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon within the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, the said Road, great Part of which still remains due; whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring,

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of and the Money borrowed and due thereon cannot

the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended

at a heavy Expence to the Parishioners, and there is at and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the

present no Workhouse, or House of Industry, in the said Act is enlarged, and the Petitioners apprehend said Parish for the Reception and Employment of the it may be necessary to vary and enlarge some of the said Poor; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if a Provisions and Powers of the said Act: And there-commodious Workhouse was provided for the Reception fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a of the Poor of the said Parish, and proper Powers were Bill for continuing the Term of the said Act, and mak-given for employing and regulating them therein, it ing such Alterations therein, as the House shall think would tend to the more effectual Relief and Assistance proper.

of such Persons as, by Age or Infirmities, ^re unable OrThat the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

S2 Geo. III. 1° Fetruariu 7

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Coke

of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Collingham A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Hoad feti- the Care of the Road from Collingham, through We-im> therby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the City of York, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the said Road, and for that Purpose several Sums of Money have been borrowed, which still remain due, together with an Arrear of Interest; and that the said Road cannot be completed and kept in sufficient Repair, and the Debts contracted on account thereof repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be continued, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Dun-combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Manchester A Petition of the Boroughreeves, Constables, and PolicePetf Pr'nc, Pa^Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and uon?6 C l" Sa{ford (lying contiguous to each other) in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Inhabitants of the said Towns obtained an Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and " Passages, within the Towns of Manchester and "ford, in the County of Lancaster, and for providing " Fire Engines and Fire Men, and for preventing 5 Annoyances within the said Towns," under which Act the skid Towns have hitherto been regulated; and that the said Town of Manchester was, at the Time of obtaining the said Act, a large, populous, and trading Town, and the said Town of Salford was also then a populous and trading Town, but the said Towns have, since the passing of the said Act, greatly increased both in Populousness and Extent of Buildings, and the i Powers in the said Act are found insufficient for the

Purposes intended; and that some of the Streets and other Public Passages within the said Towns are I narrow, inconvenient, and unsafe for Travellers and

I Carriages, and many dreadful Accidents have lately

1 happened in the said Town of Manchester, by the

I falling down of Buildings, and no Provisions are made

in the said Act for widening the Streets, for opening I proper Communications with some of the said Streets,

for removing and preventing Obstructions, Annoyances, and Nuisances, for establishing a nightly Watch, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, for regulating Buildings and Party Walls within the said Th»wn6 respectively, and for taking in new Streets, and yaking the same Public Highways; and that it' would be a great Improvement to the said Townfc, and tend to the Safety and Convenience, not only of the Inhabitants thereof, but to all Persons resorting to, and passing through, the same, if effectual Powers were granted, and Provisions made to Vo l. 47.

accomplish tire Ends aforesaid, and otherwise for regulating and rendering more commodious the said Towns respectively: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effectuate the Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Dun-combe, &c.-: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Crosbie, Esquire, Joseph Mersey and ping, Merchant, Henry Norris, and Thomas Lyon, Irweil ^avl' Esquires, and William Marsden, Corn Dealer, the etl'

Committee of the Proprietors of the Mersey and well Navigation from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, for, and on the Behalf of, themselves, and all others, the Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled,

" An Act for making the Rivers Mercy and Invcll " Navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the " County Palatine of Lancasterand, in pursuance thereof, the Undertakers and Proprietors of the said Navigation did, many Years ago, render the said Rivers Navigable from Liverpool to Manchester aforesaid, at a very considerable Expence, and such Rivers are now Navigable, and the said Navigation is of Public Utility; and that the Proprietors, or Owners of Shares, of and in the said Navigation are very numerous, and a Doubt having arisen whether such Shares are of the Nature of Real Estate, or whether the same are Personal Property, the Petitioners are desirous that such Doubt should be removed, and such Shares should be, and declared by Parliament to be, Personal Estate, and the Petitioners are also desirous that they may be incorporated by the Name of " The Company of " Proprietors of the Mersey and Dwell ;"

and that, by Reason of the great Increase of the Manufactures and Trade of the County of Lancaster since the passing of the before mentioned Act, the Navigation upon the said Rivers has become very considerable, and Authorities and Restrictions have become necessary for the well regulating the Management of the said Rivers, and the proper Government of the Affairs of the Proprietors, which were not foreseen at the Time of the passing the said Act, and which now render an Alteration thereof necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering the said Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and to incorporate the Proprietors and Owners of Shares in the said Navigation into a Body Corporate, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Mersey " and Dwell Navigation;" and also to vest the Estates and Property belonging to the said Proprietors in such Body Corporate for the Benefit of the said several Proprietors, and to have the Shares of the said Proprietors in the said Navigation deemed Personal Estate.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Plumer,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

1° Februar

A. 1792.

Plymouth A Petition of Thomas in behalf of himself

Petition!*1" and others, was presented to the House, and read; (Mr. Bryer’s.) Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth Dock have, ever since the building thereof, laboured under very great Inconvenience and Expence, as well as Danger from the Accidents of Fire, by Reason of the Want of a sufficient Supply of Fresh Water; and that the Petitioners are in Possession of a Stream of pure and wholesome Water, which they are desirous of conveying for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Plymouth Dock: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to accomplish the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rolle, Mr. , &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward ', Mr.

Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand Com-sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. mittees ai>-

pointed.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Folkestone A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are tion*1 Pel" thereunder subscribed, being Landlords, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town of Folkestone, and in the several Parishes of Folkestone, Hawkinge,

Denton, and Barham, and elsewhere, adjoining, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Road leading out of the Town of Folkestone, towards the City of Canterbury, through Part of the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, and the several Parishes of Folkestone, Hawkinge,

Wootton, Denton, and Barham, in the said County of Kent (being of the Distance of about Eight Miles, and being Part of the High Road from London, through Canterbury, to Folkestone) is in several Places very low and narrow, and by reason of the many sudden Turnings therein, and of the great Number of Carriages and Passengers continually passing and re-passing through the same, become exceedingly ruinous and unsafe, notwithstanding the Inhabitants of the said Liberty and Parishes have Yearly performed their Statute Duty thereon; and that a safe and more commodious Road may be made through Part of the said Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, and the said several Parishes of Folkestone, Hawkinge, String field, Wootton, and Denton, through and over certain Lands and Tenements, in the said last named Parishes, or some of them, into the Turnpike Road, leading from the City of Canterbury towards Dover, at or near the Direction Post on Barham Dooms, at a certain Place there, called The Four Vents, in the said Parish of Barham (the Owners or Proprietors of which said Lands and Tenements, or the major Part of them, are willing and desirous to part with their Lands and Tenements, or a sufficient Part thereof, upon reasonable Terms for the Purposes aforesaid); and that the said old Road within the said Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, through the said Parishes of Folkestone, Hawkinge, Srvingfield, Wootton, Denton, and Barham, or some of them, over Swing field Mitinis, to a certain Place in the said Parish of Barham, where the said old Road meets the Canterbury Turnpike Road to Dover, may be very considerably widened and improved, so as to make the same more commodious and safe for Carriages and Passengers: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for opening and preserving such new intended Road, and for widening, amending, and keeping in Repair the said Part of the said old Road for the future, so that all Persons may travel through the same with Safety; and that such further Order may be made in the Premises as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- Committee pointed: of Privileges

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, aPP0,nte<1, Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Grey, Mr. Baker, Mr. Bcaufioy,

Mr. Far, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Attorney General, Sir John Jervis, Mr. Anslruther, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Browne, Mr. Gascoyne, the Lord Hood, the Lord Arden, Mr. Smyth, Sir John Honywood, Mr.

Rolle, Mr. Hussey, Sir Archibald Edmonstone. Mr. Baring, Mr. Burke, Sir Martin Browne Follies, Colonel Tarlelon, Mr. Phelips, Mr. Steele, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Windham,

Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr. Eduard James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Rose,

Mr. Long, Mr. Pybus, Captain Gardner, Mr. *

hend, Mr. Lygon, Mr. Yorke, General Burgoyne, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Potency, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Sir Roger Mostyn , Sir Robert Lawley, Sir James Murray, Lord George Cavendish, the Earl of Euston, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr.

Orde, the Lord Muncaster, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Pulteney, the Lord North, Sir George Thomas, Sir Charles Bun-bury, the Lord Midlcton, the Marquis of Worcester,

Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Page, Sir George Jackson; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

The House was moved, That the Ninth Section of Other Ordrrs an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign made, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, by the Renewal of Petitions, which were depending before this House at the End of the last Session of Parliament, do question the same within the Time limited for the Forfeiture of the Recognizances, in case such Petitions shall not be renewed, as mentioned in the said Act; and that all other Persons, who will question any

Returns

32 Geo. III. i° Februarii. 9

Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved., That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lists, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lists, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is sitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Voj* 47.

Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is sitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Anns attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do see the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending tins House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such l'ooUnen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post Master General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament; Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members sending for the same.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Com-

D mittee?;

w

!_' VI

10 1° Februarii. 1792.

mitteea; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the same.

Resolutions The House was moved, That the Entry in the of 1785 and Journal of the House of the 28th Day of January >79°.-Pec- 1785, of the Resolution of the House, with respect Petitions,'011 to ^ie Order of reading renewed Petitions, com-«ad. ’ plaining of undue Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read;

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, whenever several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, shall be " renewed in this Session of Parliament, and shall " be delivered in together at the Table, the said

MPetitions shall be read in the Order in which they " were directed to be taken into consideration in the " last Session."

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 1st Day of December 1790, of the Resolution of the House, directing the Order in which Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Returns presented to this House, at the same Time, shall be classed, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, whenever several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, shall, at the same " Time be offered to be presented to the House,

" Mr. Speaker shall direct such Petitions to be all " of them delivered in at the Table, where they shall " be classed and read in the following Order; viz.

" Such Petitions as complain that no Return has " been made of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, in the first Clas3.

" Such as complain of Double Returns, in the " Second Class.

" Such as complain of the Election or Return of " Members returned to serve for Two or more " Places, in the Third Class.

" Such as complain of Returns only, in the Fourth " Class; and,

" The Residue of the said Petitions, in the Fifth " Class."

Resolution Resolved, That whenever several renewed Petitions, respecting complaining of undue Elections and Returns of Mem-awTreTdfng" ^ers to setve in Parliament, shall, at the same Time, renewed be offered to be presented to the House, Mr. Speaker Election Pc- shall direct such Petitions to be all of them deli-titions. vered in at the Table; and the said Petitions

shall be read in the Order of the Classes mentioned in the said Resolution, and, in each of the Classes, in the Order in which they were directed to be taken into Consideration in the last Session of Parliament.

And several Petitions being accordingly delivered in at the Table; and there being no Petitions of the First or Second Class described in the Resolution of the House;

Several Petitions, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex (Mr. Braddyll having been in the last Session of Parliament, by the Determination of a Select Committee, declared to be duly elected a Member t6 serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland') were read, as followeth; viz.

A Petition of the Honourable William Gordon, com- Horsham monly called Lord William Gordon, and James Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last LordWilEam Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Gordon and Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, which Mr. Baillie. was held at the said Borough on Saturday, the 19th Day of June last, the Petitioners, and Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, were Candidates; and that at the said Election Drew Mitchell and John Razvlinson, the

Bailiffs and Returning Officers of the said Borough, who had been nominated or appointed to the said Office of Bailiffs by Thomas Charles Medzvin, as Steward of his Grace Charles Duke of Norfolk, Lord of the Manor and Borough of Horsham aforesaid, acted with gross Injustice and Partiality in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll; and that the said Bailiffs, on a Poll being demanded, appointed the said Thomas Charles Medzvin, and one James, Robertson, his Clerk, to be their Poll Clerks for taking the Poll at the said Election, although the said Thomas Charles Medzvin was the known Partizan and Agent of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll; and that at the said Election a great Majority of the lawful Electors of the said Borough offered their Votes in favour of the Petitioners, the said Lord William Gordon and James Baillie, but the said Bailiffs and Returning Officers, in direct Violation of the Right of Election- in the said Borough, as established by the last Determination of the House of Commons, rejected the Votes of such Majority, and received the Votes of divers Persons in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll, who had no Bight to vote at the said Election, and the said Returning Officers did thereby procure a colourable Majority on the Poll in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll-, and that the said Thomas Charles Medzvin was guilty of great Partiality and Misconduct in taking the Poll as Poll Clerk at the said Election; and that the said Returning Officers having, in Manner aforesaid, procured such colourable Majority in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll, they have returned them as duly elected, whereas the Petitioners were duly elected, "fl

and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House would take the Premises into f

Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet. '‘t

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the ibth Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in the Af- >

ternoon. I

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Ilorsham 1

unto subscribed, being lawful Electors of Members Election — to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in ti

the County of Sussex, was also read; Setting forth, J ors' 0

That, at the last Election of Members to sene in tl

Parliament for the said Borough, which was held at 01

the said Borough, on Saturday, the 19th Day of June I

last, the Right honourable Lord William Gordon, James Baillie, Esquire, Timothy Shelley, Esquire, and Wilson u

Braddyll, Esquire, were Candidates; and that at the said it

Election, Drew Mitchell and John Razv the Bailiffs (,

and Returning Officers of the said Borough, w ho had,

been nominated or appointed to the said Office of t

Bailiffs by Thomas Charles Medzvin, as Steward of his Grace Charles Duke of Norfolk, Lord of the Manor and Borough of Horsham, acted wdth gross Injustice j

and Partiality in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley 3

and Wilson Braddyll; and that the said Bailiffs, on a r,

Poll being demanded, appointed the said Thomas !

Charles Medzvin, and one James Robertson, his Clerk, to be their Poll Clerks for taking the Poll at the said i

Election, although the said Thomas Charles Medzvin was the known Partizan and Agent of the said Timothy ~

Shelley and Wilson Braddyll; and that at the said Elec- £

tion a great Majority of the- lawful Electors of the said Borough offered their Votes in Favour of the said Lord William Gordon and James but the said Bailiffs and Returning Officers, in direct Violation of the Right of Election in the said Borough, as established by the last Determination of the House of Commons, rejected the Votes of the Petitioners, and of divers other lawful Electors of the said Borough, who tendered their Votes for the said Lord William Gordon and the said James Baillie, and received the Votes of divers Persons in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll, who had no right to vote at the said Election, and the said Returning Officers did thereby procure a colourable Majority on the Poll in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll; and that the said Thomas Charles Medwin was guilty of great Partiality and Misconduct in taking the Poll as Poll Clerk at the said Election; and that the said Returning Officers having in Manner aforesaid procured such colourable Majority in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll, they have returned then as duly elected, whereas the said Lord William Gordon and James Baillie were duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House would take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

' O

And there appearing to be no Petitions of the Fourth Class, described in the Resolution of the House;

The Residue of the said Petitions were read in the Order in which they were directed to be taken into Consideration in the last Session of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

Newcastle A Petition of Thomas Fletcher, and Clement tlecUon — Esquires, was read; Setting forth. That at the

Petition of 'ast Election for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, Mr. Fletcher in the County of Stafford, the Petitioners, and the and Mr. Honourable John Leveson , and Sir

Kynnersley. Donald, Knight, His Majesty’s Attorney General,

were Candidates, and Samuel Hatton, William Hyatt, and Thomas Bloore, were the Mayor, and Bailiffs, and the Returning Officers for the said Borough; and that the said John Leveson Gower, and Sir Archibald M!Donald, at and before the said Election, were, by themselves, and their Agents, guilty of various Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and did, by themselves, and their Agents, bribe and corrupt a great many Electors of the said Borough to vote for them, the said John Leveson Gower, and Sir Archibald JIT Donald, at the said Election; and that the said Samuel Hatton, liajn Hyatt, and Thomas Bloore, were the known and avowed Agents and Partizans of the said John Leveson Gower, and Sir Archibald AT Donald, at the said Election, and did, at the said Election, partially, illegally, and unjustly, reject a great many legal Voles which were tendered for the Petitioners, and receive a great Number of illegal Votes in Favour of the said John Lcttson Gower, and Sir Archibald whereby

a colourable Majority was procured on the Poll, in Favour of the said John Leveson Gower, and Sir Archibald MDmahl, and the said Returning Officers did, at the Close of the Poll, declare the said John Leveson Gower, and Sir ArchibaldMDonato be duly elected,

and have accordingly returned them as Members to $erve in Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the Petitioners had a great Majority of legal Votes at the said Election, and were duly elected, and ought to have Vot. 47.

been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 21st Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Alacbride, Esquire, was read; Plymouth Setting forth, That the Petitioner, together with Election — Alan Gardner, Esquire, and Sir Frederick Leman gers, Baronet, were Candidates at the last General tiide. Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon-, and that the Petitioner had a considerable Majority of the legal Freemen, and Persons legally entitled to their Freedom, of the said Borough, above the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, and ought, together with the said Alan Gardner, Esquire, to have been returned, but that John Esquire, the

Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, acted in a partial Manner, by rejecting the Votes of many Persons in Favour of the Petitioner who had a legal Right to vote, and who actually tendered their Votes for him, and by admitting many Persons to poll for the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, who were not legally entitled to vote at the said Election; and that the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, by himself and his Agents, before and since the said Election, was guilty of Bribery, and other undue and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure himself to be returned, by Means whereof, and by the partial and improper Conduct of the said Returning Officer, the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers obtained a colourable Majority upon the Poll, and was returned as duly elected, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Rights of the legal Voters of the said Borough, and of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that he may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 23d Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of William Derby, Philip Moysey, Philip Plymouth Moysey, Junior, Richard Jago John Arthur ploction"

Winue, William Ragland, John Hawker, George Kim- pjectoi".0 her Cromwell, and Edward Kingdom, all legal Freemen and Voters of the Borough of Plymouth, in trie County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the same Borough, was also read;

Setting forth, That John Macbride, Esquire, together with Alan Gardner, Esquire, and Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, were Candidates at the last General Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and that the said John Alacbride had a considerable Majority of the legal Freemen, and Persons legally entitled to their Freedom, of the said Borough, above the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, and ought, together with the said Alan Gardner, Esquire, to have been returned, but that John Cooban, Esquire, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, acted in a partial Manner, by rejecting the Votes of many Persons in Favour of the said John Macbride,

Esquire, who had a legal Right to vote, and who actually tendered their Votes for him, and by admitting several Persons to poll for the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, who were not legally entitled to vote at the said Election; and that the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, by himself and his

Agents,

1° Februa

A. 1792.

Agents,' before anti since the said Election, was guilty of Bribery, and other undue and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure himself to be returned, by Means whereof, and by the partial and improper Conduct of the said Returning Officer, the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, obtained a colourable Majority upon the Poll, and was returned as duly . elected, to the manifest Prejudice of the said John

Macbride, Esquire, and of the Petitioners, and the other legal Voters who polled for him, and in open Violation of the Rights of the legal Voters of the said Borough, and of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into v Consideration, and that they may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem lit.

Ordered, That the stud Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties* on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Seaford A Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and

Election — John Tarlelon, Esquire, was read; Setting forth. That

sir Godfrey on Saturday, the 19th Day of June 1790, the Election Webster and came on for Two Barons to serve in Parliament for Mr. Tarleton. the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, and the Petitioners, with John Sargent, and Richard Paul Jodrell, Esquires, were Candidates; and that

Thomas Chambers, Esquire, the acting Bailiff and Returning Officer of the Place, after the usual Forms of reading the Precept and Acts of Parliament, and naming the Candidates, adjourned the Court to the Monday following, without giving any sufficient or good Reason for so doing, though it was strongly protested against, and in Fact did arbitrarily and corruptly, and in the most unprecedented Manner, adjourn the Court from Day to Day for Eight Days, when he made his Return, which has, for Time immemorial, always been made in the Course of Four or Five Hours; and that the said Thomas Chambers acted with great Partiality in Favour of the Sitting Members, and in Subversion of the Constitution of the Town and Port, by permitting a great Number of Persons to poll for them who had no legal Right to vote, and rejected the Votes of divers others duly qualified, who offered to poll for the Petitioners, and was, by illegally adjourning the Poll, and other notorious Acts, guilty of great Partiality and Injustice to the Petitioners, and by so doing he gave a colourable and fraudulent Majority on the Poll to the Sitting Members, and returned them as duly elected, whereas the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; and that, at and before the said Election, various Acts of Bribery, and other corrupt Practices were committed by the Sitting Members and their Agents, and undue Influence of various Kinds were practised by them, whereby the Petitioners were prevented from being returned, as they ought to have been: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 28th Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Cirencester A Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, was read;

Election — Setting forth, That at the last General Election of

Mrlpreston. burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, the

Right honourable Henry Bathurst, commonly called Lord Apsley, and Richard Master', Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and John Chaunler Ready, Gentleman, Steward, and Joseph Pitt, Gentleman, Bailiff of the said Borough, presided at such Election as the Returning Officers; and that the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Borough by a Majority of the Persons duly qualified to vote by the Constitution of the said Town and Borough; and that the said Steward and Bailiff, as such Returning Officers as aforesaid, thought fit, in Violation of the Constitution of the said Town and Borough, to admit a great Number of Persons to vote for the said Richard Master, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and rejected divers legal Votes which were tendered in Favour of the Petitioner; and that, notwithstanding the due Election of the Petitioner as aforesaid, the said Steward and Bailiff, under the Colour of a pretended Majority of Votes thus illegally admitted, have unduly returned the said Richard Master as one of the Burgesses elected to represent the said Town and Borough in Parliament, to the Injury of the Persons entitled to vote by the Constitution of the said Town and Borough, and of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by a legal Majority of Votes, and ought to have been returned to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Borough: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as the Justice of his Case requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 1st Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Payne, Esquire, was read; Set- Bedford ting forth, That, at the last General Election for Bur- Borough gesses to serve in this present Parliament for the pe*‘:t^nn~ Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, William Mr. Payne. Colhoun, Esquire, and Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, at the said Election, a Poll was demanded and taken before the Mayor of the said Borough, and many unwarrantable Practices were made use of by the said Samuel. bread, and other Persons in his Interest, to procure a colourable Majority for him; and that the said Samuel Whitbread was, by himself, and his Friends and Agents, before, and at the Time of the said Election, guilty of gross Bribery, and did, after the issuing of the Writ of Election, and during the said Election, by himself and Agents, give and allow unto many Persons, having Votes at the said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Mayor, as Returning Officer of the said Borough, did admit to vote for the said Samuel Whitbread a great Number of Persons who had no legal Right to vote, and others who were incapacitated by Law from giving their Votes at the said Election, and reject a great many legal Votes which were tendered for the Petitioner, by Means whereof, and of other undue and corrupt Practices, an illegal and colourable Majority was obtained in Favour of the said Samuel Whitbread, who, under a Pretence thereof, was, by the said Mayor, declared duly elected, and returned by him one of the Representatives of the said Borough, whereas a Majority of legal Votes were given, or tendered, for the Petitioner, and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered,

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 6th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Sutherland A Petition of Robert Home Gordon, of Embo, Esquire,

Election — was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, and also

Mr. Gordon. General James Grant, of Ballindalloch, were Candidates at the last Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Sutherland, which was held at Domock, in the said County, on Wednesday, the 14th Day of July 1790; and that the said General James Grant claimed to be, and took upon himself to act as, Parliamentary Prseses of the Meeting for the Election, previous to the Choice of a Prases by the Freeholders of the said County then met, and not only himself voted in the Choice of such Prases, although he had no legal Right to be upon the Roll of Freeholders of the said County, or to vote in such Choice, but also admitted several other Persons, who had no legal Right either to be upon the said Roll, or to vote in the Choice of Prases, to vote in such Choice, by Means whereof Robert M Leod, of Cadboll, Esquire, obtained a colourable Majority, and was by the said General James Grant declared to be duly chosen Prases of the said Meeting, although George Mackay, of Bighouse, Esquire, was the Person duly chosen Prases by a Majority of the Freeholders then present, who had a Right to vote in such Choice; and that the said General James Grant, and his Adherents, standing upon the said Roll, were guilty of great Partiality and Injustice to the Petitioner, not only by not striking the Names of him the said General James Grant, and of sundry other Persons, out of the Roll of Freeholders of the said County, and by taking and accepting the Votes of such Persons, as well in the Choice of Prases and Clerk of the said Meeting, as in the Election of a Commissioner to represent the said County, although by Law they were not entitled to have remained on the said Roll of Freeholders, or to have voted at the said Election, but also by inrolling other Persons as Freeholders on the said Roll, and taking and accepting their Votes in the said Election, and by striking the Name of John Gordon, of Pulrossie, Esquire, from the said Roll, who had a legal Right to continue thereon, and who would have voted, and did actually tender his Vote for the Petitioner; and that the said General James Grant, and his Agents, some of whom voted as Freeholders at the said Election, did promise to other Freeholders considerable Sums of Money, Pensions, Offices, and other Gifts, Emoluments, Considerations, and Rewards, for their voting for him the said Janies Grant, or for such Person, and in such Manner, as he should direct them to vote; and that the said General James Grant was ineligible to serve in Parliament for the said County, not being a legal Freeholder of the said County; and that the Petitioner had the Votes of a Majority of the Freeholders of the said County, who by Law were entitled to vote at the said Election, and the said George Mackay, of who was the legal

Prases of the said Meeting for Election, gave his casting or decisive Vote in Favour of the Petitioner, in Case in the Event it should afterwards appear that the Votes of the legal Freeholders then present were equal, and the Petitioner was duly elected the Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said County, and ought to have been returned as such by the said Meeting to the Sheriff of the said County, and by him returned aa such Commissioner, but the said General James Grant, by the Means aforesaid, and by various other undue Practices, procured himself to be returned to the said Sheriff as the Commissioner chosen to represent the said County, and has actually been Vol. 47.

returned by the said Sheriff aa such Commissioner, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, and also in Prejudice of the Majority of the legal Electors of the said County: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 8th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, had on the 24th Day of March 1791, the Petitioner, and James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, were Candidates; and that at such Election the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes upon the Poll, and ought to have been returned, but that James Hope, the Constable and Returning Officer for the said Borough, being well acquainted with the Rights and Customs of the said Borough, grossly misbehaved himself in deviating therefrom, as well in the Manner of taking the Poll at the said Election, as in the Admission of Persons upon the Poll; and that the said James Hope, being also acquainted with the late Determinations of a Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir John Ba-

ronet, and John Curtis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of ing, aforesaid, which Determinations were made the 7th Day of the said Month of March last, whereby it was determined (among other Things) that the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough was in the Inhabitants of ancient Houses, and of Houses built on the Scites of ancient Houses, within the said Borough, being Householders paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms, did, notwithstanding such his Knowledge as aforesaid, as the Constable and Returning Officer for the said Borough, grossly misbehave himself in deviating the re., from, and in shewing extreme Partiality and improper Conduct in Favour of the said James Martin Lloyd, by admitting on the Poll for the said James Martin Lloyd the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and who had to the Knowledge of the said James Hope, been determined, by such Select Committee as aforesaid, not to have a Right to vote, and rejecting good Votes offered for the Petitioner; and that thereby, and by other improper Conduct, a Majority of Votes was unduly received on the Poll for the said James Martin Lloyd, and he was by him, the said James Hope, returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough of Steyning: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 13th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, was also read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning, had on the 24th Day of March 1791, Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, and James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, at the said Election, the Petitioners voted for the said Samuel Whitbread, who had a very large Majority of the real legal Voters of the said Borough, and was duly elected, and ought to have been E returned,

Steyning Election-Petition of Mr. Whitbread.

Steyning Election. Petition of Electors.

Ltulgershall Election — Petition of Mr. Newn-liam.

returned, the Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, but that Jam Hope, the Constable and Returning Officer for the said Borough, contrary to his Duty as Returning Officer, admitted on the said Poll, for the said James Martin Lloyd, the Votes of geveral Persons who had no Right to vote, and rejected good and legal Votes, offered for the said Samuel

Whitbread; and that thereby a colourable Majority was obtained in Favour of the said James Martin , who was thereupon, by him the said James , returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the real Electors of the said Borough, and in Violation of their Rights and Privileges: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Nathaniel Newnham, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the late Election for a Member to serve in the present Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, in the Room of George Augustus Esquire, de-

ceased, the Petitioner and Samuel Smith, Esquire, were Candidates; and that at the said Election a great Majority of legal Votes were offered in Favour of the Petitioner, but the Reverend John Selwyn, who acted as the Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough at the said Election, shewed great Partiality towards the other Candidate, and not only received the Votes of a great Number of Persons on the Poll, in Favour of the said Samuel Smith, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, but also rejected a great Number of legal Votes which were tendered in Favour of the Petitioner, by which Means a colourable Majority appeared on the Poll in Favour of the said Samuel Smith, and the said John Selwyn accordingly hath returned the said Samuel Smith as duly elected, whereas the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief to the Petitioner therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 15th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Then several Petitions complaining of the Determinations of ebrtain Select Committees, respecting Rights of Election, or the Right of chusing Returning Officers, being delivered in together at the Table, the same were also read in the Order in which they were directed to be taken into Consideration at the End of the last Session of Parliament, *6 followeth; viz.

A Petition of James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, William Cooper, John Butcher, Thomas Seme, Siderick Elgar, Richard Jenner, Charles Groome, Thomas Newman, Richard

Kemp, Edmund Streeter, William Sharp, Thomas Young, and John Batchelor the Younger, was read; Setting forth, That, by a late Resolution of a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Sir John Hollywood, Baronet, and John Curtis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Stcyning, in the County of Sussc.v, and which, on the 7th Day of March last, was by them reported to the House, the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is declared to be in the " Inhabitants of ancient Houses, " and Houses built on the Scites of ancient Houses, " within the Borough of Steyning, being Householders " paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms;" and that the Petitioners are not satisfied with the said Resolution, and are desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose the said Right of Election, and to have thte Benefit of the Statute in that Behalf made and provided: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 12th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Coryton, of the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, Thomas Graham, of the same Place, Esquire, Henry Hawkins,

of Helligan, in the same County, Clerk, and John Rash-

high, of Penquite, in the same County, Esquire, Per-,

sons who have a Right to choose, nominate, and appoint, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, was read; Setting forth, That it appears to the Petitioners, by the Votes of the House of the 7th Day of March last, that the Select Committee of this House, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of the Honourable Richard Edgcumbe, commonly called Lord Valletoi't, and Philip,

Esquire, then before the House, and also, another Petition of the Right honourable Molyneux Lord Skald* ham, and Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath, and also, another Petition of John Rashleigh, Richard nah, Samuel Nicolls, Neiiland Benjamin Bloomfield, of Piracy, in the County of Cornwall, aforesaid, being Persons who had a Right to vote at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves and others, who were at the said Election lawful Electors for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, did report to the House, That the Merits of the Petitions did hr Part depend upon the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer who was to make Return of such Election, and that thereupon the said Select Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee Statements in Writing of the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing, the Returning Officer for the said Borough, for which they respectively contended: That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioners, Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, delivered in a Statement, as follows — " The " Portreeve is the Returning Officer at Elections to " serve in Parliament for the Borough of Forney, the " Portreeye for the said Borough is chosen or presented " by tire Homage at a Court balden for the (said Mdnor of Fowey, usually soon after Michaelmas, by the " Steward, or the Deputy Steward, of the Prince of u Wales, Lord of the stud Borough and Mww, in

o " Right

Petition respecting the Right of Election for Steyning.

Petition respecting the Right of ciiusing the Returning Offices for Fowey.

3Q Geo. III. 1° .

15

" Right of his Dutchy of that the Counsel

for the said Petitioners, Lord Valleiort and Philip Rash'leigh, and also for the said Petitioners, John Rash-high, Richard Hennah, Samuel Nonvay,

and Benjamin Bloomfeld, on Behalf of tl>cmsclves and Others, delivered in a Statement as follows — " The Persons entitled to elect the Portreeve of the Bo-" rough of Fowey, are those who are capable of hold-"ing that Office, that is, such Prince’s Tenants only " as have been duly admitted on the Court Rolls of " the Manor of the said Borough, and have done their " Fealty; and such Persons only are duly admitted whose Lands were anciently, and continue to be, " held immediately of the Duke of as Par-

" cel of his said Manor of the said Borough, and " whose Titles to those Lands have been presented at " a Court Baron by a Sworn Homage, or a Jury of " the said Freeholders of the said Borough," that the said Select Committee had duly considered of the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them, touching the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer for the said Borough of Fowey, and had determined, " That the Portreeve of " the Borough of Fozcey is the Returning Officer for " the said Borough, and that it necessary that such " Returning Officer should be chosen or presented by " a Homage, of Jury of Prince’s Tenants, duly admitted on the Court Rolls of the Manor of the said " Borough; and that Prince’s Tenants, admitted by " the Steward, or Deputy Steward, at a Court, holclen " in the said Manor, are duly admitted; and that the Presentment of the Domage is not necessary 0 to such Admission and that the Petitioners conceive themselves to be greatly aggrieved by such Determination of the said Select Committee: And therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to oppose that Right of chusing, nominating, and appointing, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, who is to piake Return of Members elected for the said Borough, which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and so reported by them as aforesaid to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, the 14th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant,

Or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Petitions re- A Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, who claims to specting the be an Elector of Representatives to serve in Parlia-tlection for ment for ^ie Borough of Pontefract, in the County of PootetVactT York, was read; Setting forth, That upon the 9th Day

of March, in the Year 1791, the Select Committee, who Mere appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Charles M and John Esquires, and also, the Petition of several other Persons, Freeholders of Burgage Tenure, within the said Rorough of Pontefract, and as such Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, reported to the House, That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the said Petitions did wholly depend upon the Right of Election, artd that therefore the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee Statements in Writing of the Right of Ejection for which they respectively contended: That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Charles Mellish and John Anstruther, and the said other Persons, delivered in a Statement respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, as follows: — " That the Right of Election " of Members to serv^ in Parliament for the Lojoug " of Pontefract, in the County of is in Person

Vo I. 47.

" having within the said Borough a Freehold of Bufgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent;’’ that the Counsel for the Sitting Members, John Smyth, and William S'olheron. Esquires, also delivered in a. State*

ment as follows: — " The Counsel for the Sitting " Members state the Right of Election for the Borough of Pontefract to be in the Inhabitants House*

" holders Resiants That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee reported, that they had determined, " That the Right of Election, as set forth " in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for ‘ the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of ;"

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee reported, that they had determined, " That the Right " of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the said Borough of "tcfractand that the Petitioner is advised, and trusts he can maintain, that the Judgment of the said Select Commitlce reported to the House, touching the different Rights of Election contained in the said Statements, is erroneous, and that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough: And therefore the Petitioner, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, prays. That he may be admitted a Party, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, to oppose that Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee hath reported as above set forth, and that he may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of his Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 19th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Party, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notices of the said Petitions, and of the Times appointed for taking the same into Consideration, were inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officers of the Boroughs of Steyning, Fowey, and Pontefract, respectively, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, Address reappointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to bepre- ported, and sented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn a6reei*to-up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, humbly beg Leave to return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We embrace the earliest Opportunity to offer to Your Majesty our cordial and dutiful Congratulations upon the Nuptials of His Royal Highness the Duke of York; and to express the great Satisfaction and Joy

of

1° — 2° Februarii.

A. 1792.

of Your aitaful Commons on this happy Occasion, Spirit of useful Industry, among all Classes of Your which may furnish an additional Security to the many Majesty’s Subjects: And, above all, we rejoice to Blessings which this Country has enjoyed under the "l: ‘ ‘

mild and auspicious Government of Your Majesty, and Your illustrious Family.

think that it must confirm and increase their steady and zealous Attachment to the Principles of that Constitution which has been found, by long Experience, to unite the inestimable Blessings of Liberty and Order; and which we shall ever consider it our First Duty to preserve and maintain, as being the Cause to which, under the Favour of Providence, all

Impressed with these Sentiments, we shall cheerfully proceed to make such Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dutchess of York, as shall be suited to their Rank and Dignity.

We learn, with Satisfaction, the Progress which has our other Advantages are principally to be ascribed, been made towards the Restoration of general Tran- The said Address being read a Second Time; quillity. Resolved, That this House doth agree with the

We acknowledge Your Majesty’s Condescension Committee in the said Address to be presented to His and Goodness, in communicating to us the Result of Majesty.

the Negociations in which Your Majesty has been Resolved, That the said Address be presented to

engaged with Foreign Powers; and in having been His Majesty by the whole House, graciously pleased to order Copies of the Definitive Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are Treaty between Austria and The Porte to be laid before of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, do us; together with such Papers as are necessary to shew humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be the Terms of Peace which have been under Discussion, attended by this House, during the Negociation with the Court of Pelers-

burgh. Resolved, Contradicente, That this House do Congratula-

Although we cannot but regret that Your Majesty congratulate Her Majesty on the Nuptials of His non to the is not yet enabled to inform us of the Termination of Royal Highness the Duke of York. Nuptial* \i

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Duke of Mr. Secretary Dundas, Lord Frederick Campbell, the York. Marquis of tVorcester, the Lord Apjley, and Mr. Har-bord, do attend Her Majesty with this Congratulation.

the War in India, we reflect, with just Satisfaction, on the Success which has already attended the distinguished Bravery and Exertions of the Officers and Troops under the able Conduct of Lord Cornwallis; and we rejoice that Your Majesty sees reasonable Ground to hope that the War may be speedily brought to an honourable Conclusion.

We are happy to learn that the friendly Assurances which Your Majesty receives from Foreign Powers, and the general Situation of Affairs, induce Your Majesty to think, that some immediate Reduction may

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That a congratula. Congratulatory Message be sent to their Royal Highnesses the toryMessage Duke and Dutchess of York, on the joyful Occasion and Duuhess of their Nuptials. of York.

Ordered, That the Earl of Euston, the Earl of Mom-

safely be made in our Naval and Military Establish- ,the Lord the Lord Hinchingbrook, Mr.

ments; and we observe, with the warmest Gratitude, Smyth, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Secretary at War, do

Your Majesty’s Parental Regard for the Interests of attend their Royal Highnesses with the said Message. Your Subjects, manifested in Your Desire of availing

Yourself of any favourable Opportunity to diminish the Public Expences.

It cannot but afford us great Satisfaction to find that the extraordinary Expences, incurred in the Course of the last Year, have been already defrayed, in a great Measure, by the Grants of the Session; and we shall apply ourselves, without Delay, to the Consideration of the best Means of providing for the remaining Part of those Expences, as well as for the current Service of the Year.

We shall proceed to the Examination of the State of the Public Income and Expenditure; and it will afford us the highest Gratification if, on the Result of such Examination, we shall find ourselves enabled to enter on a System so consonant to our most earnest and anxious Wishes, as that of gradually relieving Your Majesty’s faithful Subjects from some Parts of the existing Taxes; at the same Time giving additional Efficacy to the Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt, on the Success of which we are fully sensible that our future Ease and Security must essentially depend.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech King’s to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Consideration ^P*ec]1_t°Jbe Tomorrow Morning.

considered.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Ten of the Clock.

till Tomorrow

Jovis, 2* die Februarii

Anno 32* Georgii III'" Regis, 1792.

Praters.

THE Earl of Courtown reported to the House* The Kingap.

That His Majesty, having been waited upon Point* to be (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to th^House

know His Majesty’s Pleasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased With a View to this important Object, we shall not to appoint to be attended this Day, at Three of the

fail to turn our Attention to the Consideration of such Measures, as the State of the Funds, and of Public Oedit, may render practicable and expedient, towards a Reduction in the Rate of Interest of any of the Annuities which are now redeemable

Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bedwyn the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ-the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-

We beseech Your Majesty to believe, that we shall ment for the Borough of Great , in the County

consider the continued and progressive Improvement of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable John of the internal Situation of the Country, as an addi- Stewart, commonly called Lord Doune, deceased, tional Incentive to the faithful Discharge of our Duty,

in the Pursuit of every Measure that can be conducive to the Public Interest.

We cordially join with Your Majesty in a just Expectation and Reliance, that this happy Circumstance must operate as the strongest Encouragement to a

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration King’s His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses eon* of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And

Motion for t Nipply.

To t»e con-idered in a Committee.

Canvey Island Em-

Unking and

Drainage

Petition.

Norwich and Thetford Road Petition reported.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 3° die Februarii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1792.

Praye rs.

A PETITION of several Owners of Land in the Island of Canveyin the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Island (containing about Three thousand Acres of fertile Land) is, from its low and open Situation, greatly exposed to the Inundation of the Sea, and, in order to protect and preserve the same, Walls, Embankments, and Works, have been raised and thrown up around it; and that certain Lands within the said Island, called the Third Acre Lands, are subject to, and chargeable with, the supporting, maintaining, and repairing, the Walls, Embankments, and Works, for protecting and preserving all the Lands within the said Island, except a small Quantity of Land, called The Outsands, which are protected and preserved by the Owners thereof at their own Expence; and that the said Walls, or Embankments, and Works, have been so greatly injured and damaged by the Force and Violence of the Waves, and are in so ruinous a Condition, that, although the whole Rents and Profits of the said Third Acre Lands have, for several Years last past, been applied in supporting and maintaining the said Walls, Embankments, and Works, the said Island is in Danger of being totally lost and destroyed, unless some further 'Provision be made for the Support and Maintenance thereof; and that the Preservation of the said Island from the Inundation of the Sea is not only of great Importance to the Owners thereof, but also an Object of great Public Concerns. And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually embanking, preserving, and draining, the said Island, in such manner, and by such ways and means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bullock, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John IVodeliouscreported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Hoad from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk. Pits near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Vo 1,47.

it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Hare being examined, said, That he is Surveyor of the said Road, which is the great and ancient Road from the City of Norwich to London — That great Part of the said Road goes over wet Commons, and through Lanes, where the Soil is naturally very heavy; a Part also goes through a Country very thinly inhabited, and where the Villages and Farms are at a great Distance from the Road; and in many Parts the Materials are fetched from a great Distance — That he was acquainted with this Road before it became Turnpike, and it was then, at particular Times, in so bad a State, as to occasion considerable Delay to Travellers.

The Witness further said, That all the Statute Work, in the several Parishes through which the said Road passes, would not be sufficient to keep the same in proper Repair: It therefore will be necessary that the Term of the said Act should be continued; and it is proper that some Alterations should be made therein, particularly with respect to increasing the Proportion of Tolls, payable to the Corporation of Norwich, towards repairing a particular Part of the Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fojr continuing and amending an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir John Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John Woodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Benedict's Gate, in the County of the City of wich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honing ham, to the Bounds of Yaxham, and also a Lane called Hangmans Lane, near the Gates of the said City, and also of several of the Persons entitled to the Money due and owing on the Credit of the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Elisha De Hague, Junior, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed 5,400l., of which 3,4001, still remains due; which cannot be repaid, and the Road kept in Repair, unless the Terra of the Act is further continued.

Mr. John Hare being examined, said, That, in order to prevent the Evasion of the Tolls, it will be necessary to shut up a small Piece of Road called Dovehouse Lane, of the Distance of 480 Yards, or thereabouts, which will be of no Inconvenience to any Body. — And he added, That it is necessary to make some further Alterations in the present Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Benedict's Gate, in the

F County

Norwich and Swaffham Road Petition reported.

18

3° Febructrii.

A. 17

County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the and impose the several Rates and Duties therein men-

County of Norfolk, and from Halfbenny Bridge, in tioned on Ships, Vessels, and Crayers, coming to, Hontngham, to the Bounds of Yaxham, and also a going from, and passing by, Ramsgate, or coming Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the into the Harbour there, which Rates and Duties were said City: And that Sir John JVodehouse, Mr. Coke of to be applied towards the enlarging, building, finish-Noijolk, and Mr. Henty^ Hobart, do prepare, and bring ing, and maintaining Ramsgate Harbour, and for in, the same. Other Purposes, and Power was also given to the said Trustees to raise a Sum, not exceeding 70,000l. Time limited Resolved, That this House will receive no Pe« to be charged on the said Rates or Duties, by Way for receiving titions for private Bills after the 2d Day of March of Annuities for Lives, or Mortgages of the said Petitions. next. Rates or Duties at Interest; and that, by virtue of the said Act, a Rate or Duty of Six Pence per Ton on Committee to The Order of the Day being read, for the House all Ships and Vessels, not exceeding 300 Tons, and th^Mo^on *° reSo^vesself into a Committee of the whole House, of Two Pence per Ton on all Ships exceeding 300 for a Supply. to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Tons, and of Three Pence for each Ton of Stone, Supply be granted to His Majesty; and each Chaldron of Coals, were settled and imposed

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech by the said Trustees, and large Sums of Money, to to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said the Amount of many Hundred thousand Pounds, have Committee. been collected and received in respect to the said

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Rates and Duties; and that out of the Monies col-

mittee. lected and received by virtue of the said Act, large

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Sums have been expended in erecting Piers and other

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Com- Works in and about the Harbour at Ramsgate, with

mittee. a View to make the said Harbour useful for the Pre-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. servation of Ships and Vessels, in case of their being

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, detained in the Downs by contrary Winds, and ex-

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

Morning next.

House to adjourn to Monday.

Stone Poor Petition reported.

posed to violent Storms, but it hath been found by Experience that the said Harbour is ineffectual to the Purposes for which the said Act of Parliament was passed, inasmuch as it would be unsafe for any Vessel in violent Storms to attempt to get into the said Harbour, and at all Times it is useless to Ships Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of of large Tonnage; and that, by the said Act, Ves-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning sels belonging to certain Ports therein mentioned are next. exempted from the Rates and Duties by the said Act

imposed, although those Vessels, being small in their Tonnage, derive all the Benefit that can be obtained by the Use of the said Harbour, which is calculated solely for the Reception of Vessels of small Tonnage;

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants paying to the Relief of the Poor, within the Parish of Stone, in the County of and that the Duties, collected in the Port of London

Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

by virtue of the said Act, do amount to the Sum of 10,000l., or threabouts, communibus Annis, being at the Rate of Two-thirds of the whole Collection, although Ships or Vessels, going to, or coming from, that Port, cannot, by Reason of their Size, in general, derive any Advantage by the Use of the said Harbour, and that the Sums collected in respect to

Ramsgate

Harbour

Petition.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a the said Rates and Duties have far exceeded the Ex-Member present informed your Committee, That the penditure in erecting the Works in and about the said Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and main- Harbour, and maintaining the same, and other Out-tained at a heavy Expence to the Parishioners — That goings, and have enabled the Trustees out of the there is not at present any Workhouse or House of Savings to lay out a considerable Sum in the Public Industry in the said Parish; but that if a commodious Funds, over and besides a very large Balance of Cash, Workhouse was to be provided for the Reception of which has been, from Time to Time, left in the Hands the Poor, and proper Powers were granted for employ- of the several Treasurers; and that, inasmuch as many ing and regulating them therein, it would tend to the Ships, which by the said Act are charged with the more effectual Relief of such Persons as, through Age said Rqjes or Duties, cannot use, or do derive any Ad-or Infirmities, are unable to maintain themselves, by vantage from, the said Harbour, and that many Ves-which Means the Poor might be made to contribute to sels, which by the said Act are exempted from the their own Support, instead of being a heavy Burthen said Rates or Duties, do derive an Advantage by upon the said Parish. the Use of the said Harbour, and that the Monies

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill already invested in Public Securities, and the Mo-

for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the nies now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer,

Poor of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, together with a reasonable Duty to be imposed on

and for regulating and employing the Poor therein: Vessels actually using the said Harbour, or which

And that Me. Rolle and Sir John Jervis do prepare, and can have the Use thereof, would be amply sufficient bring in, the same. to defray all the Expences in maintaining the said Harbour in every Respect: Therefore praying the House A Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of to grant such Relief in the Premises as to them shall the Port of London, was presented to the House, and seem meet.

read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for their Opinion thereupon, to the House: cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. of Sandwich, Power was given to Trustees to settle Alderman Watson, Ac.: And they are to meet upon

Monday

32 Geo. III.

3° Februarii.

19

Report made

lost Session referred.

Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the the said George and other Persons in his

Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Per- Interest, to procure a colourable Majority for him; and sons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the that the said George Templar was, by his Friends and Committee are to have Voices. Agents, before and at the said Election, guilty of gross

Chxfera/, That the Report, which, upon the 19th Day Bribery and Corruption, as well by giving, as by proof May in the last Session of Parliament, was made mising to give, Money and other Rewards to the said from thg Committee, who were appointed to enquire Voters, to vote for him; and that the said Robert Gidley, into the Manner in which an Act, made in the Twenty- the Returning Officer, during the Poll, conducted him-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King self with manifest Partiality towards the said George George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging Templar, and under the undue Influence, and by unconand maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for stitutional Interference, of the said George Templar, " cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of and his Friends and Agents, did illegally admit to vote " Sandwich," has been carried into Execution, what for the said George Templar a great Number of Persons

King’s Answer to Address,

who had no Right to vote at such Election, and reject a great many legal Votes, which were tendered for the Petitioner, and, by other undue and corrupt Means, did procure a colourable Majority for the said George Teviplar, and hath returned the said George Templar as one of the Representatives for the said Borough, whereas a Majority of legal Votes were given or ten- Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House dered for the Petitioner, and the Petitioner was duly attended His Majesty Yesterday, with their Address; elected, and ought to have been returned: And thereto which His Majesty was pleased to give this most fore praying, That the House will take the Premises into

Rates and Duties have been imposed, and what Sums of Money have been collected by virtue thereof, and to what Purposes such Money has been applied, and to report the same, with their Observations thereupon, to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this loyal and dutiful Address.

Your cordial and affectionate Congratulations on the Marriage of my Son the Duke of York with the Princess Royal of Prussia, and the Assurances of your Readiness to enable Me to make a suitable Provision for their Establishment, cannot but afford Me the warmest Satisfaction.

I observe, with peculiar Pleasure, the Expressions of your Regard to the Interests of My Subjects, which cannot be more fully manifested than by your constant and earnest Desire to preserve, unimpaired, the innumerable Blessings which they derive from our excellent Constitution.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That the Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty with the Congratulation of this House, had attended Her Majesty accordingly: And that Her the Duke of Majesty was pleased to say,

York* I am fully persuaded of the Attachment of the House of Commons to the King, and the Royal Family, on all Occasions, and desire My Thanks may be ex-

their Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 20th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A

quirt

Queen’s Answer to Oogratula tion on the Nuptials of

V Petition of John Rutherford, of Edgerston, Es- K«xlurgh re, was read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of a Representative in Parliament for the County of Kuther-Roxburgh, which was held at Jedburgh, on the 24th ford.

July 1790, the Petitioner and Sir George Douglas,

Baronet, were Candidates; and that the said Sir George Douglas has been returned, as the Person duly and legally elected the Representative of the said County of Roxburgh in the present Parliament, but the Petitioner contends and undertakes to prove, that the said Sir George Douglas was not duly and legally elected the Representative of the said County of in

the present Parliament, and that the Petitioner was the Person who was duly and legally elected, and ought to have been returned the Representative of the said

g" ^C"*-- " the present happy J U,e p^Ient 73

that the Election and Return of the said Sir George Douglas were procured and obtained by and through the Means of various and sundry illegal, unwarrantable,

Message.

Answer of The Earl of Euston acquainted the House, That the the Duke and Gentlemen appointed to attend their Royal Highnesses York to Con- Duke and Duchess of York, with the Congratulatory gratulatory Message sent from this House, had attended their Royal Highnesses accordingly: And that their Royal Highnesses were pleased to give this Answer:

We both return our Thanks to the House of Commons for their Congratulatory Compliments.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being delivered in at the Table, the same were read, by the Clerk, in the following Order; 03.

A Petition of James Fraser, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Devon, which came on the 18th Day of June 1790, at Honiton aforesaid, the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, George Templar, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that at the said Election a Poll was demanded and taken before

lioniton ffertioa — Petition of Mr. Frwrr.

unconstitutional, and corrupt Acts and Measures practised and pursued by the said Sir George Douglas himself, and his Agents and Friends: — First, in the Election of the Prases of the said Election Meeting on the 24th July 1790 — Secondly, by striking the Names of several of the Freeholders out of the Roll of Freeholders, and refusing or not taking their Votes in the said Elec-

o o

tion, although they were by Law entitled to have remained upon the Roll of Freeholders, and to have given their Votes in the said Election — Thirdly, by not striking the Names of certain other Persons out of the said Roll of Freeholders, and by taking and accepting their Votes in the said Election, although by Law they were not entitled to have remained on the said Roll of Freeholders, or to have voted in the said Election — Fourthly, by refusing to inroll several Freeholders, who claimed to be inrolled as Freeholders of the said County, and who, by Law, were entitled to have been inrolled, and to have voted in the said Election — Fifthly, by inrolling other Persons as Freeholders,

Robert Gidley, Portreeve of the said Borough, and that and taking and accepting their Votes in the said Elec-many unwarrantable Practices were made use of by tion, although by Law they were not entitled to have Vot. 47. been

Sudbury Election — Petition of Mr. Smith.

£0 3 ° Februarii.A. 1792.

been inrolled as Freeholders, or to have voted in the said Election — And Sixthly, by Means of a corrupt Bargain and Agreement entered into between the said Sir George Douglas and One or more of the Freeholders and Electors of the said County, destructive of the Freedom of Election and the Rights of Parliament; and that, by Means of these and various other illegal, unwarrantable, unconstitutional, and corrupt Acts and Practices, the Election and Return of the said Sir George Douglas, as Representative in Parliament for the said County of Roxburgh, has been obtained and procured, whereas the Petitioner contends and insists that he ought to have been declared duly elected, and ought to have been returned as Representative in Parliament for the said County of Roxburgh, as he had the Suffrages and Votes of the greatest Number and Majority of the Freeholders of the said County, who, by Law, were entitled to vote in the Election of the Praeses of the said Meeting, and also in the Election of the Representative in Parliament for the said County of Roxburgh: And therefore praying the House to take this his Petition into their Consideration, and to give him such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 22d Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of William Smith, Esquire, a Candidate at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, John Pardoe, Esquire, Thomas Cr LL.D. and John Coxe Hippisley, Esquire, were Candidates at the last

Election of Burgesses to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that a Poll having been duly demanded, was accordingly taken, and Joseph Humphreys, the Mayor of the said Borough, presided at the said Election and Poll as Returning Officer, and acted with gross Partiality in Favour of the said John Coxe Hippisley, both before and during the Poll, and admitted many Persons to vote for the said John Coxe Hippisley, who had no legal Titles to vote, and rejected many Persons duly qualified to vote, and who actually tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and that the Majority of legal Votes was in Favour of the Petitioner, but that the said Joseph Humphreys, by the Means aforesaid, and by other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices, gave a colourable Majority on the Poll to the said John Coxe Hippisley above the Petitioner, and, under Pretence thereof, took upon himself to return the said John Coxe Hippisley as duly elected one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the said Joseph Humphreys ought to have returned the Petitioner as duly elected; and that the said John Coxe Hippisley, by himself or his Agents, gave, or promised, Money, or other Rewards, to many of the Persons claiming to vote at the said Election, and by such Means, and other corrupt Practices, procured himself to be returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 27th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of William Bryant, Esquire, was read; Shaftsbury Setting forth, That at the late Election for Members Elecuor, — to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shajftston, " otherwise Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset, Charles Duncombe, William Grant, Hans Wintrop Mortimer,

Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, previous to the Poll, the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, by themselves, and their Agents, were guilty of many gross and notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, whereby many of the Voters were influenced to give their Votes for the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, and by such unlawful Means, and by the Threats and Promises, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices and Proceedings, of the said Charles Duncombo and William Grant, their Agents and Abettors, they have procured themselves to, be unduly returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and of the Rights of Election; and that the Returning Officer omitted to give due and legal Notice of the Election, by proclaiming the Writ or Precept at Midnight, when the Inhabitants were chiefly in their Beds, and a great many of them residing near Half a Mile from the Place of Proclamation; and that the said Returning Officer made no subsequent Proclamation of the said Writ or Precept, but, conscious that such his Conduct had been illegal and improper, he had it proclaimed the ensuing Day, that such Proclamation had been made the previous Night; and that Walter Whitaker, Esquire, the Recorder of the said Borough, and, by virtue of such Office, one of the perpetual Magistrates thereof, and the avowed Agent of the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, did, previous to the Dissolution of the late Parliament, openly, with the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, bargain for the Votes of the Electors of the said Borough, and did otherwise, in his said Office of Magistrate, exercise undue Influence, in order to obtain the Suffrages of the Electors of the said Borough in Favour of the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, contrary to the just Rights of Election, and to the fundamental Rights of the Constitution; and that the said Returning Officer appeared to be governed by the said Recorder during the Course of such Election, and admitted many Persons to poll for the Sitting Members who were not duly qualified to vote, and rejected the legal Votes of other Persons, who tendered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner, and the said Returning Officer acted in other Respects with great Partiality; and that the Petitioner conceives he had a Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Votes at the said Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant unto the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 29th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. r

A Petition of the Petitioners thereunto subscribed, Radnor who are Freeholders of the County of Radnor, was Election — read; Setting forth, That, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, Chapter the 26th, it is enacted, that the Shire Court, or County Court, of and for the County of Radnor, in the Principality of Wales, should be kept one Time at New Radnor, and one other Time at Preston, altemis vicibus; and that, by the Seventh and

Eighth

J

V

b

A

k

k

ft

a

F:

li’i

'-a

32 Geo. III. 3° — -6° Februa 21

Eighth of William the Third, Chapter 25, it is, OrdThat Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Mr. Sheridan, Manager*

amongst other Things, enacted, that, upon every Elec- Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Windham, Sir Gilbert Elliot,

tion of Knights of the Shire in the then, or any future Mr. Grey, Mr. Adam, Mr. Ansiruther, Mr. Michael the Article*

Parliament, the Sheriff for the County where such Angelo Taylor, Mr. Dudley North, General Burgoyne, or impeach-

Election shall be made shall bold his County Court the Lord North, Mr. St. John, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr. "ent against

for the same Election at the most public and usual Wilbraham, Mr. Courtenay, and Sir James St. Clair r' MUD&S-

Place of Election within the said County, where the Erskine, be the Managers to make good the Articles

same has been usually holden for Forty Years last past; of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire.

and that, by the Twenty-fifth of George the Third,

Chapter 84, it is enacted, that the Sheriff shall, within

Two Days after the Receipt of the Writ, cause Pro- The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for exe- State of Afri-

clamation to be made, at the Place where the ensuing curing the Officer of Lord High Admiral of Great «F®rU pr<'

Election ought by Law to be holden, of a special Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Di- ' *

County Court to be there holden for the Purpose of rections of an Act of Parliament,

such Election only, on any Day ( Sunday excepted) not N* 1 State and Condition of Cape Coast Castle, dated

later from the Day of making such Proclamation than February 1791: And also,

the Sixteenth, nor sooner than the Tenth, and that N° 2. State and Condition of Dixcove Fort, dated he shall proceed in such Election at such special 1st Februa 1791: And also,

County Court, in the same Manner as if the said Elec- N* 3- State and Condition of Commenda Fort, dated tion was to be held at a County Court, or at an 5th Februa 1791 And also,

adjourned County Court, according to the Laws now N* 4* State and Condition of Accra Fort, dated in being; and that it has always been usual to hold 26th February 1791: And also, the County or Shire Court for the County of Radnor N* 5- State and Condition of Appollonia Fort, dated at New Radnor and Prestone (commonly called Pres- 2^*h January 1791: And also, teigne) alternis vicibus, pursuant to the said Statute of N° 6. State and Condition of Fort,

the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth of Henry the Eighth; dated 22d February 1791: And also, and that, on Tuesday, the 15th Day of June 1790, the N* 7- State and Condition of William's Fort, Why-Shire Court or County Court of the County of Radnor ^ah, dated 2d March 1791: And also, was duly holden at Presteigne, and upon the Thursday N° 8. State and Condition of Fort, dated

next after the holding of such County Court, or Shire *3^ February 1791.

Court, His Majesty’s Writ for electing a Knight for Together with a Schedule of the said Papers, the County of Radnor, to serve at the then next ensuing the said Schedule was read.

Parliament, was delivered to the Sheriff of the said Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the County; and that the said Sheriff did not make Pro- Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned rill Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 6* die Februarii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

7'IT' ir?7';h""7'.VC ",ay nrHEV House being informed that Mr. AWM, A«t of

be declared null and votd, and that Mother Writ may J[ from Cover=0j. and ComDanv of the Banl( cf

be directed to issue for electing a Knight to serve for the said County in this present Parliament

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 3d Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

T pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Vol. 47.

England, attended at the Door; he was call in; and, at Debt^rL the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direc- sente/^ tions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account, from the Bank of England, of the Receipt and Expenditure of 1,269,639/. 11 3d. in

One Year, from February 3d 1791 to 31st

1792, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the Receipt of 315,850 /. to be applied in the Quarter between the 1 st February and 1st May 1792.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

G

An

clamation pursuant to the said Statute of the Twenty-fifth of George the Third, nor hold any special County Court for the Purpose of proceeding to such Election at New Radnor, which, under the several Laws aforesaid, was the Place at which Proclamation should have been made, and a special County Court should have been held, but, on Tuesday, the 29th Day of June aforesaid, at Presteigne, did illegally proceed to the Election of a Knight for the said County of Radnor, to serve for the present Parliament, and did then and there illegally declare Thomas Esquire, duly

elected, and did afterwards return the said Thomas Johnes as Knight of the Shire for the said County, by which Proceedings the Petitioners, who are Freeholders of the said County, are greatly aggrieved:

A nH fhnrnTArfi nroirinrt rI nof fK/i coirl n i/m-»

y

An ACCOUNT of the Receiptand Expenditure of £. 1,269,639. 11. 3. in One Year, from February 3d, 1791, to January 31st, 1792, by the Commissioners appointed by 26th of Geo. III.

for the Reduction of the National Debt

Df

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

cv

D

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

(D . o

eg.

ft

To Cash paid for the following Stock purchased as the Act

directs; viz'.

Capital Stock.

261,800 Consol" 3 per Cent Ann’ -594,400 Reduc’d Ann* Consol" -

320,700 Old South Sea Ann" -

237,200 New South Sea Ann* -93,000 3/. per Cent. Ann* 1751 -

£. 1,507,100 The Interest on which is 45,213/. per ----- ----- ----- --Annum.

s.

217.103 11 501,512 10

272.104 17

199>993 15

78,924 17

3

Bank of England, 6th February 1792

d.

3

6

6

By Cash received at sundry Times; viz

From the Exchequer, being Four Quarterly Issues ——

For 6 M°* Int. on 2,700,000 Consol* 3 per Cent. Ann*, due 5th Jan" 1791

- D* - - 785,000 New South Sea Ann* - - - - D*

- D* - - 240,000 3/. per Cent Ann*, 1751 - - - D°

- D* - - 1,925,000 Reduc’d Ann* Consol", due 5 April 1791 -

- D* - - 1,130,500 Old South Sea Ann* - - - - D*

- D* - - 2,915,000 Consol* 3 per Cent. Ann', due 5 July 1791

- D° - - 909,000 New South Sea Ann* - - - D*

- D* - - 285,000 3/. per Cent Ann* 1751 - - - D*

- D* - - 2,275,000 Reduc’d Ann* Consol", due 10 Oct' 1791

- D* - - 1,280,000 Old South Sea Ann’ - - - - D*

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Ann on Lives payable at the Exchequer,

and unclaimed for 3 Years before the 5th Jan" 1791

- El-

being the Amount of Ann’ on Lives expired between the 5& Jan" 17 86 and 5th Janry 1791, viz*.

£. s. d.

..... 890 10 —

.....- - 2,328 10

.....2,408 ——

96 13 —

Anno

1745 ....

1746 - -

1757 ....

1778 ——

1779 ....

! For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Annuity 1777

Ul

384

1,269,639 ll 3

£. s. d. 1,000,000 — —

40,500 ——

11,775 ——

3,600 ——

28,875 ——

16,957 10 —

43,7*5 — —

13,635 ——

4,275 ——

34,125 ——

19,200 ——

21,864 8 3

6,107 13 — 25,000 ——

1,269,639

11

By Cash received at sundry Times, to be applied in the Quarter between the i«t of February

and the 1st of May 1792; viz*.

1792.

Jan'r 13. From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue

For 6 M" Int. 3,015,000 Consol4 3 per Cent. Ann*, due 5th Jan'r 1792 D* - - - 1,040,000 New South Sea Ann* - - - - D° - - - 335,000 3^* per Cent. Ann* 1751

D

- - - D° -

250,000 —

45,325 ----- ,

15,600 < — 5,025 ——

315,850 — —

J. Newland, Chief Cashier.

6° Februarii. A-17

32 Geo. III.

6° Februarii. 23

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are from certain thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve Electors of Parliament for the City and Liberty of mMcdngter was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, the Right of That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, Election. that the Select Committee, lately appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland, and also, a Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, severally complaining of an undue Election for the said City and Liberty, did, on the 6th Day of July 1789, report to this House, " That it appeared to the " said Select Committee, that the Merits of the Peti-' tions did, in Part, depend upon the Right of Election;

" the Parties were therefore required to deliver in State*

" merits, in Writing, of the Right of Election for which " they respectively contended: That in consequence " thereof, the Petitioner, Lord Hood, delivered in a " Statement, as follows — " The Petitioner, Lord Hood,

" states the Right of Election for the City and Liberty " of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders " paying Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes of " Saint Margaret and Saint , and the several " Parishes of Saint Paul Covent , Saint Ann,

" Saint James, Saint George Hanover in the

Liberty of Saint Martin Ic Grand in the County " of Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of " Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and " Saint Mary It Strand, as are not within any of the " Four Wards of the Liberty of the Duchy ot Lancaster,

" called the The Temple Bar Ward, The Royal Ward,

" The Middle Ward, and Precinct of the Savoy;' that " the Electors Petitioners delivered in a Statement as " follows — " The Electors Petitioners state, that the " Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying " Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint " Margaret and Saint John, in the several Parishes of " Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James,

" Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty ol Saint " Martin le Grand, in the County of Middlesex, and " in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the " Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards of " the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster, called The "Temple Bar Ward, The Royal Ward, The Middle " Ward, and Precinct of the Savoy that the Sitting " Member, Lord John Townsh delivered in a Statement as follows — The Right of Election is in the " Inhabitants, Householders of the Parishes of "Margaret and Saint John, Saint George Hanover " Square, Saint James Westminster, Saint Martin in the "Fields, Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary le Strand,

" Saint Mary le Savoy, Saint Paul Covent Garden,

" Saint Ann Soho, and the District of Saint Alarlin le " Grand" — That, upon the Statement delivered in by " the Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined, " That the Right of Election for the City and " Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scotland Lot, within the United " Parishes of Saint Alargaret and Saint John, and the " several Parishes of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint,

" Ann, Saint James, Scant George Hanover Square,

" in the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, in the " County of Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes " of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes,

" and Saint Mary le Strand, as are not within any of " the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster." — That, upon the Statement delivered in by

" the Sitting Member, the Committee have determined,

" That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said VoL. 47.

" Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said " City and Liberty;" and that the Petitioners are advised, and humbly insist, that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is not the ancient and true Right of Election for the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying. That they may be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, the 18th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr.

Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House (accord- Norwich and ing to Order) a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, Thetford of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road f om the End of the Town Close in the prc5en e ‘ County of the City of Noru'ich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That a Committee Committee be appointed to enquire into the Practice and Effects appointed to

of Imprisonment for Debt: th^l'/Vtlce

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Grey, Mr Effects6 Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Burke, Mr. Attor- 0t imprison-ney General, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Stan- ment for ley, Lord William Russell, Mr. Long, Mr. Maitland, DeIn- Mr. Smith, Mr. Dudley North, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Mr.

Francis, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Phc/ips, Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Baker, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr.

Mr. Bastard, the Lord Apsley, Mr Rankes, Sir James St. Clair Erskine Sir John Call, Mr. Whitbread, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Fox, Mr. Andrew Stuart,

Mr. Glover, Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Mr.

Brown, Mr. Smith, Mr. Grenville, the Lord

the Lord North, Mr. Porwys, the Lord Sheffield, Mr.

Sheridan, Mr. Bur don, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Pulteney,

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Alderman Watson, the Lord Bayham,

Mr. Thornton, Sir William Young, the Lord Beauchamp,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Hartley; and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants, in the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Powrer to adjourn irom Place or Place, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voice*.

The

6° Februarn.

A. 1792.

Clerk,

l ists of The House was moved, That the Entry in the Jour-

Persons con- nal of the House, of the 6th Day of , in the last

Debt on i st Session f>ar^ametl*;) " That there be prepared, in October 1791 " order to be laid before this House in the next Session to be trans- " of Parliament, Lists of the Names of all the Persons waited to the who shall be confined for Debt, on the 1st Day of " October 1791, in the several Prisons within the Kingdom of England, the Principality of Wales, and the " Town of Berwick upon ;distinguishing whether " such Persons are so confined in Execution, or upon " Mesne Process; and specifying the particular Sums " for which such Persons are charged, respectively, " and the Times when they were first committed, and " which of them are married and have Children, as far " as it can be done; and also specifying how many of " the said Debtors receive Allowances under the Acts, " commonly oalled The Lords Acts: And that with such " Lists there be also sent an Account of the greatest " Number of Persons confined for Debt, at any One u Period, in each Year, since the Year 1780, in each " Gaol; and how many Debtors have died in each Gaol, since the Year 1780, the Amount of their " Debts respectively, and the Time for which each was " confined; and distinguishing the Courts out of which " the Process issued upon which such Debtors were " confined," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Lists and Account be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of this House, to be by him laid before the House.

Hurd Cros9 and Henfield Roads Petition.

a

A Petition of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Hand Cross to Corner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to and from Corner House aforesaid to the May-pole, " in the Town of Henfield, in the County of ," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually repaired and widened, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted for those Purposes; and that it would be much for the Advantage of the Public, as well as beneficial to the said Road, if a certain Branch of Road leading from the Direction Post near a Place called The Crab Tree, in the Parish of Beeding, otherwise Seale, through the Parishes of Natkurst and Horsham, to the Town of Horsham, in the said County, was kept in Repair, and included in the said Act, and made Part of the said Turnpike Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Term, and altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Act, and including the said Branch of the Road before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Aldridge, Mr. Henry Hobart, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Election — A Petition of Robert Bruce JEneas Madeod, of

Petition of Cadboll, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and

Mr.Macleod. v>

read; Setting forth. That, at the Meeting for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Sutherland, holden at Dornoch, on Wednesday, the 14th Day of July 1790, the Petitioner,

Lieutenant General James Grant, of Balindalloch, and Robert Home Gordon, Esquire, of Embo, were Candidates, and the Petitioner, being duly elected by the Votes of a Majority of the real Freeholders present, qualified and entitled by Law to give their Votes, ought to have been returned Commissioner for the said Shire; and that the Meeting, however, having admitted the Votes of several Persons who were not legally qualified or entitled, nor possessed of such real Freehold Estates and Qualifications as the Laws of Scotland require, there was an apparent Majority in Favour of the said lieutenant General James Grant, who was declared by the said Meeting duly elected, and the Sheriff has returned Lieutenant General James Grant, of Balindalloch, whereas he ought to have returned the Petitioner, as duly elected: And that the Petitioner, conceiving the said Election to have proceeded contrary to Law, and to his Prejudice, therefore prays the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that he may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 8th Day of March next, at the same Time that the Petition of Robert Home Gordon, of Embo, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, was Shaftsiwry delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That £lect, on at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaston, otherwise in timer,

the County of Dorset, Charles Duncombe, and William Grant, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, previous to the Poll, the said Charles Dun-combe and William Grant, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of many gross and notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, whereby many of the Voters were influenced to give their Votes for the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, and by such unlawful Means, and by the Threats and Promises, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices and Proceedings, of the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, their Agents and Abettors, they have procured themselves to be unduly returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough; and that the Returning Officer omitted to give due and legal Notice of the Election, by proclaiming the Writ at Midnight, when the Inhabitants were in their Beds, and a great Part of them Half a Mile from the Place of Proclamation, and the said Returning Officer, conscious that such his Conduct had been illegal and improper, sent the Corporation Crier, or some other Person, round the next Day to give Notice that there would be on the Friday following an Election for Members to serve in Parliament; and that the said Returning Officer, during the Course of the Election, admitted many Persons to poll for the Sitting Members who were not duly qualified to vote, and rejected the legal Votes of other Persons who tendered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner, and the said Returning Officer acted in other Respects with great Partiality; and that the Petitioner conceives he had a Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Voles at the said Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And

therefore

Petition of iMr. Mor-

i^-

32 Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 25

therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant unto the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 29th Day of March next, at the same Time that the Petition of William Bryant, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being delivered in at the Table, the same were read by the Clerk in the following Order; viz.

Clifton Dart- A Petition of John Seale, Esquire, was read; Set-mouth Hard- ting forth, That, at the last General Election for Bur-3etiuon ot £esses to serve *n Parliament for the Borough of Mr. Scale. ton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, the Right honourable John Charles Villiers, Edmund Bastard,

Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard were, by themselves, their Friends, and Agents, previous to and during the Time of the said Election, guilty of several Acts of Bribery, by giving and distributing to many of the Voters, and promising to many others of them, pecuniary and other Gifts and Rewards, in order to induce the said Voters to vote for the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard at the said Election; and that William Hunt, who acted as Mayor and Returning Officer at the said Election, behaved with great Partiality in Favour of the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard, by rejecting a great Number of legal Votes which were tendered for the Petitioner, and admitting a great many illegal Votes in Favour of the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard, whereby, and by other undue Means and Influence, a colourable Majority was procured for the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard, who have been returned by the said William Hunt duly elected, whereas the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes over both the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as One of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 17th Day of next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Grimsby A Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, Election — and Robert Wood, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, m' im of a That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in MnWootL ParliaDcient for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, the Petitioners the said William Wesley Pole and Robert Wood, and John Harrison, Esquire, and Dudley Long North, Esquire, were Candidates; and that in the Course of the said Election George Woolmer, Gentleman, Mayor of the said Borough, who presided as Returning Officer at the said Election, behaved himself with the greatest Partiality-in Favour of the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who had a Right to vote at the said Election, and who then and there tendered their Votes for the said William Wesley Pole and Robert Wood, and by admitting on the Poll for the stud John Harrison and Dudley Long North the Votes of several Persons who had no vo 1. 47.

Right to vote at the said Election, and that by Reason thereof the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North were returned as duly elected for the said Borough, notwithstanding the said William Wesley Pole and Robert Wood had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by their Counsel, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 19th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Christopher Clayton, Esquire, the Re- Grimsby verend William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough Electors.0 of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, 00 Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth,

That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby, the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood,

Esquire, John Harrison, Esquire, and Dudley Long North, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said William Wesley Pole and Robert Wood were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, as Members to represent the said Borough in this Parliament, but that George Woolmer, Gentleman, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, behaved himself with great Partiality in Favour of the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North, by admitting several Persons to poll for them who had been illegally and unduly admitted to the Freedom of the said Borough, and who had, therefore, no Right to vote at the said Election, and by admitting several other Persons to poll for the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North, who had not been assessed to, and had not paid, the Church and Poor Rates, assessed and levied in the Parish in which the said Borough is situate, and who, therefore, had no Right to vote at the said Election, and by rejecting several Persons who had a Right to vote at the said Election, and who then and there tendered their Votes for the said William Wesley Pole and Robert Wood; and that several of the Persons, who gave their Votes at the said Election for the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North, received Bribes and Rewards, or Promises of Bribes and Rewards, or made corrupt and illegal Agreements, to give their Votes for some of the Candidates at the said Election; and that the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North were, by themselves and Agents, guilty ot Bribery and other corrupt Practices at the said Election, by Means whereof the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North were returned as duly elected, to the great Violation of the Rights of the said Petitioners, and of the other Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at' the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, was read; Set- Cricklade ting forth, That, at the late Election of Members ^’*5^.'®"" to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, wer' p"trie. in the County of Wilts, Thomas Estcourt, Esquire,

John Walker Heneage, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Precept for the said Election having been delivered to the Returning Officer for the said Borough, about Half after One o’Clock in the Afternoon of Tuesday, the 15th Day of June 1790, the said Returning Officer soon afterwards gave

H Notice

Cricklade Election-Petition of Inhabitants,

26 6° Febmarii. A. 1792.

Notice that he should proceed to the Election on Wednesday, the 23d Day of June following, and accordingly he did proceed to the said Election on the said Day, between the Hours of Ten and Eleven in the Forenoon; and that a Poll having been demanded, the same immediately commenced, and the Poll Book was kept open till Four o’Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, and for more than Eight Hours on the Day following, when 304 Freeholders in the Hundreds of Highworth, Cricklade, Staple, Kings -bridge, and Malmesbury, who derive a Right under the Act of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, to vote at every Election of a Burgess, or Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, were admitted to vote, and accordingly voted at the said Election; and that when the Petitioner, his Counsel, and Friends, left the Hustings on the Close of the First Day’s Poll, there had been no regular Adjournment of the said Poll by Proclamation, or otherwise, and lie has been informed, and believes, that no such Adjournment on that Day was afterwards made; and that the Numbers, upon the Close of the Second Day’s Poll, were for the said Thomas Estcourt 246, for the said John Walker Heneage 194, and for the Petitioner in, which Numbers the Returning Officer having declared, adjourned the Poll till the next Morning at Nine o'Clock, at the same Time giving Notice, that the Poll Book would then again be opened to receive the further Suffrages of the Voters; and that on the succeeding Day, viz. on Friday, the 25th Day of June 1790, the said Returning Officer again declared the Numbers on the Poll to have been the same as on the preceding Evening he had declared they were, and further declared, that the said Thomas Estcourt, and the said John Walker Heneage, were duly elected, and has since re-

turned them as duly elected to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough; and that it was expressly stated at the Time by the Petitioner, and by his Counsel, and clearly understood by every Person present, that there wfas neither Agreement nor Compromise between the Parties, but that each Candidate, and every Elector, was at Liberty to act afterwards as Facts and Circumstances might warrant; and that previous to and during the Poll at the said Election, the said Thomas Estcourt, and the said John Walker Heneage, by themselves, and by their Agents, were guilty of many Acts of Bribery, and allowed to the Electors of the said Borough, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, by which Means, by Threats, by Promises, and by other corrupt Practices and Proceedings, the said Thomas Estcourt and the said John Walker Heneage have procured themselves to be unduly returned to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and of the Commons of England: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 24th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, who by immemorial Custom and Usage have a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, which was proceeded to on Wednesday, the 23d Day of June 1790, Samuel Petrie, Thomas Estcourt, and John Walker Heneage, Esquires, were Candidates; and that a Poll having been demanded, the Returning Officer adjourned the Proceedings from the Church, where the Acts of Parliament had been read, and the Can-

dictates nominated, to Hustings, which had been erected under the Market House, where the Poll soon after commenced; and that, only One Poll Clerk having been appointed, agreeable to the Practice at all former Elections in the said Borough, with Check Clerks for the Candidates, the Returning Officer, to prevent Confusion from the Crowds who attended this Election, all being equally anxious to get to the -Books, directed that, of the Tw6 Classes of Voters, the Freeholders in the adjoining Hundreds, who, under the Act of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, commonly called the Cricklade Act, have a Right to vote at all Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, should be polled before the Inhabitants, and, in consequence of these Directions of the Returning Officer, only the aforesaid Freeholders were admitted to the Books to vote, either on the First or on the Second Day’s Poll; and that, upon the Close of the Second Day’s Poll, on Thursday, the 24th Day of June 1790, the Returning Officer having declared the Numbers to have been for the said Samuel Petrie 111, for the said Thomas Estcourt 246, and for the said John Walker Heneage 194, adjourned the Poll to the next Morning at Nine o’Clock, at the same Time giving Notice, that it would then be again opened to receive the further Suffrages of the Voters; and that the Petitioners believing, from the Numbers of Freeholders who had voted, and from the Exertions that had been made on the aforesaid Two Days Poll to bring forward the Friends of the said John Walker that the Strength of the Interest of that Gentleman was nearly exhausted, and that no Confusion could have arisen from the Borough Voters being polled on the Third Day, had, with many others the Inhabitants of the said Borough, resolved then to have demanded this Right, but upon appearing before the Hustings for this Purpose on the Morning of the said Third Day, viz. on Friday, the 25th Day of June 1790, on the Day and at the Hour to which on the preceding Evening the Returning Officer had adjourned the Poll, and when he had then given Notice it was again to have been opened to receive the further Suffrages of the Voters, the Petitioners, to their Surprize, were informed by him that the Poll was finally closed, and the said Returning Officer soon afterwards declared the Numbers on the Poll to be the same as on the preceding Evening he had declared them to have been, and further declared, that the said Thomas Estcourt and the said John Walker Heneage were duly elected, and the Petitioners are informed, that he has since returned them as duly elected to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, though neither the Petitioners, nor any one of the ancient Voters, according to the Custom and Usage of the said Borough, took Part, or were allowed to take Part, in the said Election; and that the Petitioners are persuaded, from their Knowledge of the general Disposition of the Voters, as well the Inhabitants of the Borough as those Freeholders who had not voted at the said Election, that, if the Poll Book had been kept open, and each Voter had freely given his Suffrage, that the Numbers in Support of the Election of the said Samuel Petrie would have far exceeded the Numbers that the said John Walker Heneage would have polled; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the Act of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, while it gives to the Freeholders in the Hundreds of Highuorth, Cricklade, Staple, Kingsbridge, and Malmesbury, who are qualified

to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire for the County of Wilts, a Right also to vote at every Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, at the same Time confirms to the Inhabitants, the ancient Voters, their Hereditary Franchise; and that the Petitioners have been

32 Geo. III.

6° Februarii

27

been led to believe, from the Second Section of that received an informal Commission, and John Statute, which enacts, " That the Right of Election of Esquire, Chief Magistrate of who had

" a Member or Members to serve m Parliament for been illegally chosen Delegate for the said Borough of *.‘ the said Borough of Ci'icklade, shall be, and is Queensferry, and received a Commission, voted for the " (thereby) declared to be, in such Freeholders as said Honourable Andrew Cochrane, who was declared aforesaid, and in the Persons who, by the Custom duly elected and returned, although the other Candiand Usage of the said Borough, then had, or here- date, the aforesaid Captain James Campbell, had a clear "after should have, a Right to vote at such Elec- Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned " tion," that, without the Participation of both Classes the Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said District of Electors, there could, after the passing of the said of Boroughs; and that many corrupt, undue, and illegal Act, be no legal Election of Representatives for the Acts and Irregularities of Proceeding, were committed said Borough, and in this Opinion the Petitioners have previous to, and at the Time of the said Election, in been confirmed by the concluding Part of the same procuring the Votes and Commissions for the said Section, which directs, that " the proper Officer for Delegates, who voted for the said Honourable Andrew " the Time being, to whom the Return of every Writ Cochrane, and in making the Return in his Favour, and " or Process does belong, is (thereby) required to more particularly with Regard to the said Borough of ‘ return the Person or Persons to serve in Parliament Invcrkeithing, the said Sir John Henderson, the Delefor the said Borough, who shall have the major gate who voted for the aforesaid Honourable Andrew " Number of Votes of such Freeholders, and other Cochrane, first procured himself to be chosen Provost,

" Persons having a Right to vote at such Electionor Chief Magistrate for the Borough, in the room of And therefore, on Behalf of themselves and the other the aforesaid Sir Archibald Campbell, deceased, who Inhabitants, Voters of the said Borough, praying the held that Office by corrupt and undue Means and Prac-House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to tices, and, under Influence of the same undue and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet. unconstitutional Means, procured himself to be elected

Ordered \That the said Petition be taken into Con- Delegate; and further, James Francis Esquire,

sideration at the same Time that the last preceding a Member of Council, and Resident within the Borough, Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration. was not legally cited to attend the Meeting of Election,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or no Notice having been given to him, eitheir Personally, Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as or at his Place of Residence within the said Borough, shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on to attend the Meeting of Council that was summoned the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions. to appoint the Day for the Election of the Delegate,

and the Commission granted to Sir John Henderson, Stirling, In- A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council as Delegate, was not signed by the Common Clerk of verkeithing, of the Borough of Stirling, and William Anderson, the Borough, nor the Common Seal thereof appended Election — 8 ®s<lu‘re» Eldest Baillie and Chief Magistrate of that thereto by him as required by Law, so the Vote of Petition of Borough, and Delegate commissioned for the said Bo- the said Sir Henderson ought not to have been Delegates, rough at the late Election, held for chusing a Member received, and that of the said Thomas ought to

to serve in Parliament for the District of which it is have been sustained: And that, with regard to the said one, in the room of Sir Archibald Campbell, deceased, Borough of the Election of the said Honourable

James Francis Erskine, of Forrest, Esquire, Burgess Andrew Cochrane, as Delegate, was brought about by and Delegate commissioned for the Borough of Dun- corrupt and undue Means; and further, the Sheriff of fermline, Thomas Manson, Writer in Edinburgh, Bur- Perthshire, within whose Jurisdiction the Borough of gess and Delegate, elected by a Majority of legal Culross lies, having, on the 23d of last, issued

Voters for the Borough of Inverkeithing, Alexander his Precept to the Magistrates and Council of the said Abercromby, Esquire, Advocate, elected Delegate for Borough of Culross, to choose a Delegate, he became the said Borough of Dunfermline, by the Magistrates functus Officio, and bad no Power to issue a Second and Councillors thereof, who did not vote for the afore- Precept, that, notwithstanding thereof, he most illegally said James Francis Erskine, Mr. William Robertson, and unwarrantably took it upon him to issue a Second Advocate, Burgess, and Delegate, chosen for the Bo- Precept on the 26th of the same Month, which was rough of Culross, by a legal Meeting of the Council delivered to a Person who had no Right to receive a thereof, and of Mr. Archibald Stezvart, Junior, Burgess Precept: That the Meeting of the Council for fixing and Councillor of Queensferry, Delegate elected for a Day to choose a Delegate, the Election itself, and that Borough, by a Majority of legal Votes, was read; the Commission granted in Consequence thereof to Setting forth. That at the Election of a Member to the aforesaid Honourable Andrav Cochrane, and all the serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Proceedings of the Council, under the Authority of Stirling, Irroerkeithing, Dunfermline, Culross, and the Second Precept, are void and null, as being without Queensferry, in the room of Sir Archibald Campbell, any legal Warrant or Authority, and the Election of Knight of the Most Honourable Older of the Bath, the Petitioner Mr. William Robertson, Advocate, under deceased, held at Stirling, on the 4th Day of May the Authority of the First Precept, was valid and effec-1791, the Honourable Andrew Cochrane, Son to the late tual, and his Vole ought to have been sustained by

Earl of Dundonald, and Captain James Campbell, of the the Returning Officer: And that, with regard to the Nineteenth Regiment of Light Dragoons, stood Can- said Borough of Queensferry, after a Majority of the dictates, and, by the Rotation established by Law, Council had declared themselves in the Interest of Stirling was the presiding Borough, and the Petitioner the aforesaid Captain James Campbell, certain Members William Anderson, Esquire, its Commissioner or Dele- w ere drawn off by Bribery, Force, Confinement, and

site, the Prases of the Meeting, and, in case of an other undue and unconstitutional Means, to the Inquality, entitled to a decisive or casting Vote; and terest of the said Honourable Andrew Cochrane, and that the Petitioners voted for the said Captain James to vote for the said John Taylor to be Delegate, by Campbell, and Sir John Henderson, of Fordell, Baronet, all which the Freedom of Election has been violated,

and an unfair Representation in Parliament for the said Boroughs of Stirling, and others, obtained, contrary to the Wishes and Inclinations of a Majority of the uncorrupted and legal Electors, to the great Hurt and Prejudice of their unquestionable Rights

and

1 / — / 7

Delegate chosen by Part of the Council of keishing, and who had received an informal and illegal Commission, the aforesaid Honourable Andrew Cochrane himself, who had been illegally chosen Delegate by certain Members of the said Borough of Culross, and V01. 47.

Mr.Frogatt’ Petition relative to Seaford Election.

6® Februarii. A. 1792.

and Franchises: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be permitted to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, upon the Merits of the aforesaid Election, and against the Return made in Favour of the above mentioned Honourable Andrew Cochrane, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 26th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of William Frogatt, Gentleman, Agent for Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and Tar let on,

Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Clients, the said Sir Godfrey Webster and John Tarleton, petitioned the House, in the last Session of Parliament, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, the Merits of which Petition were not then determined; and that the Petitioner, as Agent for the said Sir Godfrey Webster and John Tarleton, caused a renewed Petition, signed by them, to be delivered to the House on Wednesday last, but, owing to a Mistake, the said Petition was not in Fact a Copy of the Petition presented in the last Session of Parliament: That such Mistake arose from there having been, prior to the last Session of Parliament, Two Drafts of a Petition prepared, One of which was presented, and the other laid by, with the Papers belonging to the said Election, and some Time about the Month of June last Sir Godfrey Webster came in great Haste to the Petitioner, and informed him, that he was immediately going Abroad, and probably should not return to England before the Meeting of the present Session of Parliament, he therefore desired the Petitioner forthwith to prepare a renewed Petition to be presented to the House, whereupon the Petitioner by Mistake took out of a Box (where the Two Drafts of the Petition before mentioned were deposited, with other Papers relative to the Borough of Seaford) the Draft of the Petition which had been laid aside, instead of the Draft of that which had been before presented, and directed the same to be immediately copied, which being done, it was signed by Sir Godfrey and afterwards

transmitted to Mr. Tarleton, in Lancashire, for his Signature, who returned it to the Petitioner, since which Time he kept it locked up until Wednesday last, when he delivered the same to Mr. Pelham, to be presented to this House, which was accordingly done, and the House appointed a Day and Hour for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and Mr. Speaker has issued his Notices accordingly; and that, as the said Sir Godfrey Webster is not yet returned to this Kingdom, and Mr. Tarleton being in Northumberland, the Petitioner is apprehensive he may not be able to procure their Signatures to a correct Copy of the Petition presented in the last Session of Parliament,

so that the same can be delivered to the House, within the Time limited for receiving renewed Petitions, but that the Petitioner is endeavouring to procure the same with the utmost Dispatch, and is in hourly Expectation of its Arrival; yet being anxious that the Interests of his Clients should not suffer from any Inadvertency, which, from the hasty Circumstance before mentioned, the Petitioner may have been guilty of, therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and, if it should be thought necessary, that they will allow the Petitioner till this Day Sevennight, or such other Time as the House shall think proper, for delivering a Petition of the said Sir Godfrey Webster, and John Tarleton, Esquire, in case the same should not arrive within the Time limited as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant February.

A Petition of Robei't Home Gordon, of Embo, Esquire, Sutherland was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, jpection — That the Petitioner, and also General James Grant, of Ballendalloch, were Candidates at the last Election of Gordon, a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Sutherland, which was held at - ’

nock, in the said County, on Wednesday, the 14th Day of July 1790; and that the said General James Grant claimed to be, and took upon himself to act as, Parliamentary Praeses of the Meeting for the Election, previous to the Choice of a Praeses by the Freeholders of the said County then met, and not only himself voted in the Choice of such Praises, although he had no legal Right to be upon th® Roll of Freeholders of the said County, or to vote in such Choice, but also admitted several other Persons, who had no legal Right either to be upon the said Roll, or to vote in the Choice of Prasses, to vote in such Choice, by Means whereof Robert Bruce JEneas Mc Leod, of Cadboll,

Esquire, obtained a colourable Majority, and was, by the said General James Grant, declared to be duly chosen Praises of the said Meeting, although George Mackay, of Bighouse, Esquire, was the Person duly chosen Praeses by a Majority of the Freeholders then present, who had a Right to vote in such Choice; and that the said General James Grant, and his Adherents, standing upon the said Roll, were guilty of great Partiality and Injustice to the Petitioner, not only by not striking the Names of him the said General James Grant, and of sundry other Persons, out of the Roll of Freeholders of the said County, and by taking and accepting the Votes of such Persons, as well in the Choice of Praeses and Clerk of the said Meeting, as in the Election of a Commissioner to represent the said County, although by Law they were not entitled to have remained on the said Roll of Freeholders, or to have voted at the said Election, but also by inrolling other Persons as Freeholders on the said Roll, and taking and accepting their Votes in the said Election, and by striking the Name of John Gordon, of Pidrossie, Esquire, from the said Roll,

who had a legal Right to continue thereon, and who would have voted, and did actually tender his Vote, for the Petitioner; and that the said General James Grant, and his Agents, some of whom voted as Freeholders at the said Election, did promise to other Freeholders considerable Sums of Money, Pensions, and other Gifts, Emoluments, Considerations, and Rewards, for their voting for him the said James Grant, of for such Person, and in such Manner, as he should direct them to vote; and that the said General James Grant was ineligible to serve in Parliament for the said County, not being a legal Freeholder of the said County; and that the Petitioner had the Votes of a Majority of the Freeholders of the said County, who by Law were entitled to vote at the said Election, and the said George Mackay, of Bighouse,

who

32 Geo. . III. 6° Februarii.

29

who was the legal Prases of the said Meeting for Election, gave his casting or decisive Vote in Favour of the Petitioner, in case in the Event it should afterwards appear that the Votes of the legal Freeholders then present were equal, and the Petitioner was duly elected the Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said County, and ought to have been returned as such by the said Meeting to the Sheriff of the said County, and by him returned as such Commissioner, but the said General James Grant, by the Means aforesaid, and by various other undue Practices, procured himself to be returned to the said Sheriff as the Commissioner chosen to represent the said County, and has actually been returned by the said Sheriff as such Commissioner, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, and also in Prejudice of the Majority of the legal Electors of the said County: And therefore

praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant him such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 8th Day of March next, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on tire Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Treaties be- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the tween the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Germany and C opyof the Treaty of Peace between the Emperor

the Ottoman of Germany and The Ottoman Porte, signed at Porte — and August 4th 1791; and Translation: And also,

Paper* re- Copy of the separate Convention between the Em-hem!Dp8re- Peror of Germany and The Ottoman Porte, signed at rented. Sistovo, August4th 1791; and Translation: And also,

N° 1. Extract of the Empress of Russia’s Rescript to Count de Woronzow, dated St. Petersburgh, December -rVth 1789; and Translation: And also,

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Count de Woronzow, Whitehall, 9th February 1790;

and Translation: And also,

N" 3, Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Mr. Whitworth, dated Apri 2d 1790: And also, N° 4. Extract of a Dispatch from Count D'Osterman to Count de Woronzow, dated St. Petersburgh, May 1790; and Translation: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Mr. Whitworth, dated June 15th 1790: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Dispatch from Count D'Osterman to Count de IV oronzow, dated St. Petersburgh, May 26th

1790, O. S.; and Translation: And also,

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Count de Woronzow, dated Whitehall, July 17th 1790; and Translation: And also,

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Mr. Whitworth, dated August 17th 1790: And also,

N° 9. Extract of a Dispatch from Count D'Osterman to Count de Woronzow, dated Petersburgh, the 27th of August 1790; and Translation: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Count D’Osterman to Count de Nesselrode, dated St. PAugust 27th 1790 ;* and Translation: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Dispatch from Count D’Osterman VOL. 47.

to Count de Woronzow, dated St. Petersburgh, October 31st 1790; and Translation: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Counts Woronzow, dated Whitehall, October 9th 1790; and Translation: And also,

N° 13. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Mr. Whitworth, dated Whitehall, October 19th 1790: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Memorial from Messrs. Whitworth and Goltze, presented at Petersburgh, 26th May 1791; and Translation: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a Note from Count D'Osterman to Messrs. Whitworth and Goltze, dated St. Petersburgh, June T67th 1791; and Translation: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Memorial from Messrs. Whitworth, Fawkcner, and Goltze, presented at Petersburgh,

4-§-th June 1791; and Translation: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Count D'Osterman to Messrs. Whitworth and Fawke 9th 1791; and

Translation: and also,

N° 18. Copy of a Memorial from Messrs. Whitworth, Fazckener, and, Goltze, presented at Petersburgh, July a 1 791; and Translation: And also,

N° 19. Copy of a Memorial from Count D'Osterman to Messrs. Whitworth, Fawand Goltze, July 44th 1791; and Translation.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lists were read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session: And the said Translations, and Papers, are as followeth:

TRANSLATION of the Treaty of Peace between the Emperor of Germany and The Ottoman Porte, signed at Sistovo, August 4th 1791.

In the Name of the Most Holy and Undivided Trinity.

The Imperial and Royal Court, and the Sublime Ottoman Porte, animated with an equal Desire to reestablish the happy Bonds of Peace, Friendship, and good Neighbourhood, which subsisted for Haifa Century between the Two Empires, and seconded in that salutary Intention by the efficacious Mediation of their Majesties the Kings of Great Britain and and of their High Mightinesses the States General of The United Provinces, have appointed and chosen for

their Ministers Plenipotentiary, at the Congress for Peace assembled at Sistovo;nV, his Imperial and Apostolick Majesty, Baron Peter Philip Keal, his actual Aulick Councillor, and Count Francis Esterhazy de Galanlha, his actual Chamberlain, Lord of the Lordship of Tottis, and Hereditary Lord of the County of Forehtenstein-, and the Sublime Ottoman

Porte, the Reis Effendi, or Minister for Foreign Affairs, Bari Abdullah, Effendi, 1’Orden Cadissi, or Chief Justice of the OtIonian Forces, Ysniet Ibrahim, Bey, and the Rousnamedgi, or Comptroller General of the Finances, Durri Mehmed, Effendi; who, by the Intervention, through the Channel, and in consequence of the good Offices of the Ministers Plenipotentiary appointed by the Three High Mediating Powers; viz*.

Sir Robei’t Murray Keith, a Member of His Majesty’s Privy Council, Knight of the* Most Honourable Military Order of the Bath, Lieutenant General of His Forces, His Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of His Majesty the Emperor, now His Minister Plenipotentiary at the Congress for Peace; the Marquis Jerome de Luc-chesini, actual Chamberlain to his Majesty the King of Prussia, his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the King and the Republic of Poland, Knight of the Order of the White Eagle, now his Minister Plenipotentiary at the Congress for Peace and the HwconReinerdeHaeflcn, Lord of Optiemest

I unit

Treaties between Germany and Turkey.

and Zennewynen, Member of the Equestrian Order of the Province of Guelderland, Deputy from the said Province to the Assembly of their High Mightinesses the States General of The United their Envoy

Extraordinary to the Imperial and Royal Court, now their Minister Plenipotentiary at the Congress for Peace; after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, and having held several friendly Conferences together, have agreed on the following Points and Articles, which form the present Definitive Treaty of Peace.

Article I.

There shall be for the future a perpetual and universal Peace, by Land, and on the Sea and the Rivers, between the Two Empires, their Subjects and Vassals, a true and sincere Friendship, a perfect and strict Union, a Cessation of, and a full and general Amnesty for, all Hostilities, Violences, and Injuries committed in the course of this War, by the Two Powers, or by the Subjects and Vassals of the one, who have taken the Side of the other, and especially all the Inhabitants of Montenegrin, Bosnia, and

Moldavia, who, in virtue of this Amnesty, may all return to their former Habitations, Possessions, and Rights whatsoever, and enjoy the same peaceably, without ever being disturbed, molested, or punished, for having declared themselves against their own Sovereign, or for having done Homage to the Imperial and Royal Court.

Article II.

The Tw’o High Contracting Parties recognize and admit, as the common Basis of the present Pacification, the strict Status quo, as it existed anterior to the War declared on the gth of February 1788: In consequence whereof, they renew and confirm (be they what they may) in the strictest Sense, and in their full Extent, without ever doing, or suffering to be done, any Tiling to the contrary, the Treaty of Belgrade of the 18th of September 1739; the Convention of the 5th of November in the same Year, and that of the 2d of March 1741, in Explanation of the Treaty of Belgrade; the Act of the 25 th of May 1747, perpetuating the Peace of Belgrade; the Convention of the 7th of May 1775, on the Cession of The and lastly that of the 12th of May 1776, for the Demarcation of the said Province: All which Treaties, Acts, and Conventions are, and shall for ever remain, in full and entire Force and Vigour, as if they were herein transcribed and inserted Word for Word.

Article III.

And, in particular, the Sublime Ottoman Porte renews and confirms (be they what they may) in the strictest Sense, and in their full Extent, without ever doing, or suffering to be done, any Thing to the contrary, the Sencd or Contract of the 8th of August 1783, containing the Obligation, on the Part of the Sublime Ottoman Porte, to procure for the German Merchant Ships, sailing from the Ports of the Imperial Court, Security against the Corsairs of Barbary, and other Ottoman Subjects, and a Reparation for all the Losses they may sustain therefrom; the Sened or Contract of the 24th of February 1784, in Favour of the free Trade and Navigation of the Imperial and Royal Subjects, in all the Seas and Rivers of the Ottoman Dominions; the Firman of the 4th of December 1786, concerning the Passing, Re-passing, and Residence of the Shepherds and Flocks of Transylvania, in the Provinces of Wallachia and Moldavia’, as also all other Firmans, Acts, and Ministerial Agreements, mutually recognized, and which were in Force prior to the 9th of February 1788, for the Tranquillity and good Order of the Frontiers, and for the Advantage, Security, and Interests of the Subjects, Trade, and Navigation of the Austrian Dominions: All which Se-neds, Finnans, Acts, and Agreements, so recognized,

a.

are and shall for ever remain in full and entire Force and Vigour, as if they were herein recited, transcribed, inserted, and explained, Word for Word.

Article IV.

The Imperial and Royal Court, on its Part, in order in like Manner to restore Things to the common Basis of the strict Status quo, of the Epoch of the 9th of February 1788, and to correspond entirely with the friendly and equitable Proceedings of the Sublime 1 toman Porte, engage^ to evacuate, cede, and restore to the said Ottoman Porte, completely, and without any Partition, all the Possessions, Territories, Towns, Fortresses, and Palancas, of every Denomination, conquered by hist Imperial Majesty’s Troops, during the Course of this War, including the whole Principality of Wallachia, and the Districts of Moldavia, occupied by the Imperial Troops, and to re-establish, as they were, the same ancient Limits which divided the Two Empires at the said Epoch of the 9th of February 1788: As to the Fortresses, #Castles, and Palancas conquered by the Ottoman Porte, the Imperial Court engages to restore them in the State in which they were, and with the Ottoman Artillery found therein, at the Time of their Reduction.

Article V.

And as to the Fortress of Hotim, and its District, commonly called la Raya, they shall also be evacuated, ceded, and restored, on the same Conditions as are agreed upon for the other Fortresses; but not till after the Sublime Ottoman Porte shall have concluded a Peace with the Empire of all the Russias, and within the precise Term which shall be stipulated for the Evacuation of the Conquests of the latter Power: Till which Time, the Imperial and Royal Court shall retain, as a neutral Deposit, the said Fortress, with its District, without intermeddling any further in the present War, or furnishing any further Succours in any Manner, directly or indirectly, to the Imperial Court of Russia, against the Sublime Ottoman

Article VI.

Immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications, each Party shall proceed to the Evacuations, and to the Re-possession respectively of all Conquests whatsoever, as well as to the lle-establishment of the former Limits of the Two Empires, within the Term* herein after fixed: The respective Commissaries being chosen and appointed, according to the 13th Article of the Treaty of Belgrade, some of them shall conduct the Operations in Wallachia, and the Five Districts of Moldavia, so as to complete them in the Space of Thirty Days, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications. The others shall repair to the Upper Unna, to re-establish the Limits of Bosnia, Servia, and the ancient Burgh of Orsova, with its Suburbs; the Whole, according to the strict quo of the respective Possessions, prior to the pth 1788: A

longer Space of Two Months, computing from the same Epoch, is granted to the latter, as that Time is necessary for the Demolition of the new Works of the Fortresses, and for restoring them to the State in which they were at the Conquest, as well as for the Removal of all the Artillery, Ammunition, and Stores.

Article VII.

All the Ottoman Prisoners and Captives, as well Civil as Military, taken during the Course of thi* War, having, without any Exception, been released by the Imperial and Royal Court, and consigned to the Ottoman Commissaries at and

in Bosnia, whilst only such of the Imperial and Royal Subjects and Soldiers as were in the public Prisons, or in the Power of some of the Bosniack, Lords, have been restored in Exchange; and as a considerable Number of them still remain in domestic Slavery in Turkey, the Sublime Ottoman Poi’le, in order to conform, in

32 Geo. III. 6° FebruariL 31

this Respect, to the Role of the strict Status quo anterior to the War, and to terminate with it alL the Calamities attending it, engages to restore gratuitously, that is to say, without any Price for their Re-purchase or Ransom whatsoever, to the Imperial and Royal Court, in the Space of Two Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications, all the Prisoners of War and Slaves, of whatever Age, Sex, or Condition, wherever they may be found, or to what Persons soever they may belong; so that in future no Subject of either of the Two Parties shall be a Slave under the Dominion of the other; excepting those only who, according to the Rules observed in like Cases, shall be legally found to have voluntarily- embraced the Christian Religion, on the one Side, or the Mahometan Religion, on the other.

Article VIII.

Nevertheless the Subjects of either Party, who, before the War, or during the Course of it, may have retired upon the Lands of the other, submitted to that Government, and remain there of their own Accord, shall never be claimed by their natural Sovereign, but shall in future be considered and treated as the other Subjects of the Power to which they have given themselves: In return, such Individuals, as possess at the same Time Lands under both Empires, may fix their Habitations on either Side, at their Convenience, without any Opposition being given to them; but they must determine, at their own Choice, under which of the Two Governments they will live, and they must sell the Possessions they may have under the other.

Article IX.

The High Contracting Parties, being desirous to renew, as early as possible, the Intercourse of Trade, which is the Fruit of Peace, and to extend to the useful Class of Merchants the Benefit of the Return to the strict Status quo fixed by the 2d and 3d Articles above, declare that the Interval of the War, as such, ought not to cause any Prejudice to the respective Subjects, that is to say, neither to the Imperial and Royal Subjects in the Ottoman Empire, nor to the Ottoman Subjects in the Austrian Monarchy, but that it is lawful to all of them to resume their Affairs, in the same State in which they were left at the Time of the Declaration of War, to prosecute all their Rights and Claims whatever anterior to the War, to reclaim their Credits and Effects, to summon their Debtors, to demand Indemnifications for Payments refused, or Losses sustained, at the Time of the Declaration of War, against the Tenor of the \ 7th Article of the Treaty of Belgrade, and the 18th Article of the Treaty of Commerce of Passarmiitz; and finally to claim, in all Cases, the Assistance of the respective Tribunals and Governments, which, on their Part, shall render speedy and impartial Justice in this Respect, without ever admitting, as a lawful Exception, the Lapse of Time occasioned by the Duration of the War.

Article X.

The most precise and strict Orders shall be immediately given to the Commanders and Governors on the Borders of the Two Empires, rendering them even personally answerable for their Execution, as to the speedy Re-establishment of the general Police, public Tranquillity, and good Neighbourhood, in the whole Extent of the Confines, the Inviolability of the Boundaries restored by the respective Commissaries, the preventing Encroachments, Incursions, and Devastations, the procuring Reparations for Injuries and Damages, and finally the punishing Offenders and Criminals, in proportion to their Transgressions and Crimes, proceeding, for that End, according to the Rules and Principles fixed by the preceding Treaties and Agreements between the Two High Courts, in order that all Things may be immediately restored to their former regular and peaceable State.

Vot; 47.

Article XI.

It shall be at the same Time seriously enjoined and recommended to them to protect the Subjects of the other Party, whose Commerce or Affairs shall oblige them to pass the Confines, to travel in the Interior of the Provinces, to pass freely up and down the Rivers, observing and causing to be observed towards them not only the Offices of Hospitality, but also all the Articles and Regulations of the Treaties, Conventions, and Acts confirmed in the 2d and 3d Articles above, without requiring, or permitting to be required, from them, on any Account whatsoever, any other Recompense or Duties, than such as are therein established, for the Persons and Merchandise of the other Party.

Article XII.

And as to the Exercise of the Catholic Christian Religion in the Ottoman Empire, the Priests, Sectaries, Churches there to be maintained or repaired, the Freedom of Worship and of Persons, the Frequentation and Protection of the Holy Places in , and

other Parts, the Sublime Ottoman Porte renews and confirms, according to the Rule of the strict Status quo, not only the Privileges stipulated by the 9th Article of the Treaty of Belgrade for that Religion, but also those which have been since granted by Firmans and other Acts issuing under its Authority.

Article XIII.

Ministers of the second Rank shall be sent on each Side, as well upon the occasion of this happy Peace, as to announce the Accession of the respective august Sovereigns to the Thrones of their Ancestors. These Ministers shall be received with the Ceremony, Honours, and Treatment accustomed between the Two Courts, and shall enjoy, in virtue of the strict Status quot all the privileges of the Law of Nations, and other Immunities attached to their Characters, according to the Articles of the Treaties, and the established Custom. The same Rule shall be observed with Regard to the Successors of the Internuncio, and the Imperial and Royal Minister Plenipotentiary residing at the Sublime Ottoman Porte (attention being paid, however, to the Difference of Rank with which they may be invested) and also with regard to their Subalterns, Suite, Attendants, and Servants: And whereas several of their Couriers coming from or going to the Imperial Court, were plundered before the War, the Sublime Ottoman Porte will not only not neglect any Means which may procure a Compensation for the Effects of which they were robbed, but will also take the most effectual and solid Measures, in order that such Couriers may hereafter pass and repass with perfect Security and Protection.

Article XIV.

Tw'O original Instruments, perfectly conformable to each other, of the present Treaty, one in the French Language, which has been made use of for Convenience, and the other in the Turkish Language, shall be signed, the First by the Two Imperial and Royal Ministers Plenipotentiary, and the Second by the T hree Ottoman Ministers Plenipotentiary, exchanged one against the other by the Intervention of the Mediating Ministers Plenipotentiary, and sent respectively to the Two High Contracting Courts. After which, and within the Space of Forty Days, to be computed from the day of the Signature, or sooner, if it can be done, the solemn Acts of Ratification, signed by the Two august Sovereigns, shall be likewise exchanged, through the means of the same Mediation, between the said Contracting Parties, with legalized Copies of all the Treaties, Conventions, and Acts renewed, confirmed, and perpetually obligatory, upon the Two Parties.

In consequence whereof, and in virtue of the full Powers of his Imperial and Apostolic Majesty, we

Peter

Treaties between Germany and Turkey.

Treaties between Germany and Turkey,

6° Februarii. A. 1792.

Peter Philip, Baron d’Herbert and we

Francis Count Esterhazy de Galantha, his Ministers Plenipotentiary at the Congress for Peace, have signed the present Treaty and authentic Instrument of Peace, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto. Done at Sistovo, in the Chamber of Conferences, the 4th Day of the Month of August, in the Year of Grace 1791.

(Signed)

(L. S.) The Baron (L. S.) The Count Francis

tT Herbert Ratk-Keal. Esterhazy de Galantha.

We Plenipotentiaries of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, of his Majesty the King of Prussia, and -of their High Mightinesses the States General of The United Provinces, having acted as Mediators in the Work of the Pacification, declare that the above Treaty of Peace between the Imperial and Royal Court, and the Sublime Ottoman Porte, with all the Clauses, Conditions, and Stipulations which are therein contained, was concluded by the Mediation of their Majesties the Kings of Great Britain and Prussia, and of their High Mightinesses the States General of The United Provinces. In Witness whereof we have signed these Presents with our Hands, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto. Done at Sistovo, this 4th of August 1791.

(Signed)

<L- S.) Robert Murray (L. S.) Jerome Marquis Keith. de

(L. S.) R. de Haeften.

TRANSLATION of the separate Convention between the Emperor of Germany and The Ottoman Porte, signed at Sistovo, August 4th 1791.

In the Name of the Most Holy and Undivided

Trinity.

The Imperial and Royal Court, and the Sublime Ottoman Porte, being desirous, at the happy Epoch of the Conclusion of the Pacification, to give to each other real Proofs of their Friendship, to prevent every Thing which might in future disturb the perfect Harmony of the extensive Confines of their Dominions, and to sanction, for mutual Benefit, the only Alterations which they will ever permit in the Articles of the whole Definitive Treaty of Peace, signed at Sistovo this Day, the 4th of August 1791, have, through their Ministers Plenipotentiary, viz1.on the Part of the Imperial and Royal Court, the Baron Peter Philip Rath-

Keal, actual Aulick Councillor, and the Count Francis Esterhazy de Galantha, actual Chamberlain, Lord of the Lordship of Tottis, and Hereditary Lord of the County of Forchensteiji; and on that of the Sublime Ottoman Porte, the Reis Effendi, or Minister for Foreign Affairs, Birri Abdullah, Effendi, the Ordon Cadissi, or Chief Judge of the Ottoman Forces, Ismet lbraham, Bey, and the Rousnamedgi, or Comptroller General of the Finances, Durri Effendi;

agreed to the following Articles;

to remedy the same in a Maimer which may invariably conduce to the common Satisfaction, have agreed to the final Arrangement specified in the Second and Third Articles of the present Convention; by which Arrangement they consent to terminate completely and definitively all the Subjects of Claim which made the Object of the above-recited Negociation.

Article II.

In Consequence whereof the Sublime Ottoman Porte consents, that the Burgh and Lands of Old Orsova, to the Czema, shall remain and continue in the Possession and Sovereignty of the Imperial and Royal Court, so that the Czema shall be, on that Side, hereafter and for ever, the frontier of the Austrian Monarchy; but under this express Condition,- that the said Imperial and Royal Court shall never fortify either the old Burgh of Orsova, or any Part of the Lands ceded by the Sublime Porte, in virtue of the present Article. As to the little Plain opposite the Fort, on the Island of Orsova, bounded by the Confines described in the Fifth Article of the Treaty of Peace of Belgrade, it shall remain for ever neuter, in the strictest Sense, between the Two Empires, that is to say, the Sovereignty thereof shall not belong to either of them; and the Contracting Parties engage to leave the said Plain absolutely desert, without ever permitting any Person to build or reside there, or to cultivate the Soil.*'

Article III.

As to the Districts on the left Side of the Unna, the Two High Contracting Parties have agreed, that the Limits of the Two Empires shall be, hereafter and for ever, regulated in the Manner following. The new Line of Separation, according to the Drawing traced in Red on the Map annexed to the present Article, shall begin in those Parts, on the right Shore of the Glina, at the Point marked on the said Map: It shall be

continued along a small River, leaving Czcttin, with its District, under the Imperial and Royal Dominion; shall take its Course along the Banlieu of the Ottoman Fort Sturlich, or Sturlitz, marked on the Map with Yellow;

so that the said Fort, as well as its Banlieu, determined at 'the Distance of Cannon Shot, shall remain in the Possession of the Ottoman Porte; from w hence the said Line shall be carried straight forward on the ascending that River up to and including which shall remain, with its District, under the Imperial and Royal Dominion. The said Line shall be continued from thence by the Mountain of and the

Place of Tichiero, following the high Mountain, at the

Foot of which is situated the Place of Ltyaz, marked on the Map with Yellow, and it shall be continued to the Unna, to the Distance of an Hour’s Journey above Vacup, marked with Yellow, from whence the said Line shall proceed upwards along the left Shore of the Unna, to its Western Sources, according to the Line marked Red, to end by the shortest Way which the Direction of the high Mountains permit, at the present triple Confines, thus leaving Turkish Sterniza under the Ottoman Dominion. The Imperial and Royal Court engages never to repair or construct any Fortifications whatsoever, under any Name, or for any Motive whatsoever, in the whole Extent, without Exception, of the District which the Sublime Porte cedes to the former, by virtue of the present Article.

Article I.

Whereas, anterior to the War, a Negociation was opened, upon the Demands of the Imperial Court, of the Lands of the Bannat of Temeswar, possessed by the Ottoman Empire, and of the Districts situated on the left Side of the Unna; the High Contracting Parties considering, on the one Hand, the Defects of the ancient Frontier in those Parts, and being desirous, on the other.

Article IV.

The Imperial and Royal Court, in order to correspond, on its Side, to the friendly Dispositions which the Sublime Porte has manifested in the final Arrangement of the Confines, as well on the Side of the Burgh and Lands of Old Orsova, as on the Upper Unna, in the Manner agreed upon by the Second and Third Articles of the present separate

Convention,

32 Geo. III.

33

Convention, and to strengthen and consolidate so much the more the happy Peace just concluded between the Two Empires, declares, in the most solemn Manner, that she acknowledges the present Arrangement of Coniines as definitive, and engages not to form hereafter any Pretensions beyond the limits above settled.

Article V.

The Imperial and Royal Court, in order to evince her Satisfaction with the* Arrangement of the Limits above settled, engages to restore to the Sublime Porte all the Fortresses, Castles, and Palancas taken from the Ottoman Empire, in the State in which they are at present, and without destroying any of the Repairs or new Works made therein, renouncing consequently the Clause for Demolition, stipulated at the End of the Sixth Article of the Definitive Treaty.

Article VI.

In like Manner the Imperial and Royal Court, seconding the Desire manifested by the Sublime Ottoman Porte to re-enter speedily into Possession of all the Conquests, readily concurs in shortening the Periods fixed for the Evacuations by the Sixth Article of the said Treaty, and agrees with the Sublime Ottoman Porte, that the said Periods shall be computed from the Day of the Signature of the Treaty, instead of the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications; viz. Thirty Days, reckoning from this Day, the 4th of August, for the Evacuation, Cession, and Restitution of the Whole of JVallachia, and the Five Districts of Moldavia, and Sixty Days, reckoning from the same Date, for all the other Conquests. The Two Parties further engage to effectuate the Exchange of the Ratifications of the Treaty of Peace, in Fifteen Days at farthest, instead of the Forty Days fixed by the Fourteenth Article of the Definitive Treaty.

Article VII.

The Ratifications of this separate Convention shall be prepared separately, but exchanged the same Day as the Ratifications of the Treaty of Peace.

In consequence whereof, and by virtue of the full Powers of his Imperial and Apostolick Majesty, we Peter Philip Baron d'He Rath-Keal, and we Francis Count Esterhazy de his Imperial

and Royal Ministers Plenipotentiary at the Congress for Peace, have signed the present Convention and authentic Instrument, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto. Done at Sistovo, in the Chamber of Conferences, the 4th Day of the Month of August, in the Year of Grace 1791.

(Signed)

(L. S.) The Baron (L. S.) The Comte Francis d’Herbert Rath-Keal.Esterhazy de Galantha.

TRANSLATION of the Extract of the Empress of Russia’s Rescript to Count de fVoronzow, of the tV December 1789.

Papers re- The Answer which we ordered our Ministry to ipecting the make to the Note delivered by the Prussian Envoy, iletwwD Count de Goltze, relative to our Peace with the Ot-

Gtrmaay toman Porte and the King of Sweden, is known to you

ad Turkey, in its full Extent.

We manifested to the King of Prussia our Regret that his Endeavours to incline our Enemies to pacific Intentions had not succeeded, and that they obstinately refused to adopt a Measure, which ought, in strict Justice, to have been the First Step, on their Part, in the Road to Peace, being deaf to the pacific Repre-Vot. 47.

gestations which were made respecting the Detention of the Person of our Minister contrary to

all the Laws of Nations. We informed him of our Desire that the Continuation of his good Offices might prevail over the Obstinacy of The Porte and the King of Sweden; and we proposed, as soon as there should be a Hope of our Enemies altering their Way of Thinking, to give him a fresh Proof of our Rectitude, and of the Sincerity of our Intentions, in communicating to him our ulterior Conditions.

Although the British Ministry have not entered into any Explanation with you, relative to our Peace, you know, by our Rescripts of the 8th of 1788, and of the 6th of October of the present Year, (1^89) that we intended to make a like friendly Overture to the Court of London, at the first favourable Opportunity. It is true that, even to this Time, we have no certain Proof that the Ottoman Porte is sincerely desirous of terminating the War which she unjustly began, and for which our Dignity highly insulted, and the considerable Expences, indispensably require an adequate Satisfaction: But, in order to shew that even the Victories and Conquests, with which Providence has blessed our Arms, have ..not shaken our Moderation, we have resolved to make a Communication, ^5 well at London as at Berlin, of our firm and sincere Desire to see Peace and Tranquillity re-established between us and our Enemies. The Ottoman Porte, in setting our Minister Bulgakoff at Liberty, has given an outward Sign of Repentance, which removes, in some Measure, the Bar which was opposed to pacific Communications and Overtures, so that the friendly and disinterested Powers, who have no other Object than’the Restoration of Tranquillity, may be the more able to contribute to it, as in order to facilitate their Efforts, equally laudable and salutary, we make no Difficulty to communicate to them, in full Confidence, our ultimate Conditions, founded in extreme Moderation.

Before we enter into the Detail of those Conditions, we will sincerely avow, that we have no Intention of destroying the Balance of Europe, and of annihilating the Ottoman Monarchy; but that the Whole of our Pretensions are confined, First, to the Satisfaction due to our Dignity so highly insulted; Secondly, to the Reimbursement of our Expences which have been occasioned by an unjust War; and Thirdly, to obtain for the future a firm Peace, and Security to our Empire.

As to what relates to the First Article, after the Superiority which our Arms have acquired over the Enemy, we establish the Satisfaction due to our Dignity in his Repentance, and in the simple Renewal, without Ambiguity, of the Validity of all preceding Engagements, beginning with the Peace of up to the Day

of the Rupture; in the fixing of our Frontiers to the River Dniester, comprehending the Town of,

or Belgorod, at the Mouth of that River, situated on the Right Hand Shore; and in the Facility of The Porte to acquiesce in other Conditions, which are to be proposed, in Compensation for our Expences, as well as for preventing every Kind of Misunderstanding.

The Expences of this War, so unjustly commenced against us, have already amounted to Sixteen Millions of Roubles, without including the precious Loss of Men. We leave it to the Decision of the friendly and impartial Powers, whether it is not just to demand and expect that an Equivalent should be given to us for such considerable Losses.. But we are ready to fix upon a reasonable Valuation of these Expences, in asking, as an Equivalent, that the Country situated between the Dneister and the Coasts of the Black Sea, the Danube, the River Olte, and the Frontiers of Austria, know n by the Names of Bessarabia, Moldavia, and Wallachia, should form an independent State,

34 6° Febmarii .1792.

Papers respecting the Treaties between Germany and Turkey.

governed by a Sovereign of the Christian Religion, which prevails in those Provinces, and that such State sholild never be appropriated to any other Power, but serve as a Barrier to its Neighbours, thereby avoiding Subjects of Dispute, which easily arise from an immediate Neighbourhood.

From regulating thus these Two First Points relative to the Peace, the Third and most important Condition naturally results, which is to secure mutual Tranquillity for the future. Our Frontiers in Europe on Terra Jimia being distant, and separated by an independent State, an End would be thereby put to the various Causes of Misunderstanding and Dispute occasioned by their Contiguity.

With respect to our Ally the Emperor, we are able to declare that his Views concur, jointly with ours,*' in the Re-establishment of Peace with The Porte, and that his Intentions, equally with ours, are very distant from destroying the Balance of and annihilating

the Ottoman Empire. We doubt not but his Pretensions are founded in Moderation, on Justice, and on the most scrupulous Proportion to the Expences he has incurred, by taking an active Part in the War with the Turks, according to the Engagements subsisting between us, after all the Pains he had taken to prevent it, or, at least immediately after its Commencement, to terminate it, had proved fruitless. It naturally follows, that our Ally, making War in common with us, and without Interruption, against our common Enemy, ought consequently, by the Tenor of our mutual Engagements, to be included in the Pacification with The Porte.

In communicating all this, with the most unlimited Confidence, to the Court of London, we shall receive it as the most convincing Proof of the Friendship of the King of Great Britain for us, if He should judge proper to send Orders to His Ambassador at Constantinople, and to His Minister at Stockholm, to employ their most assiduous Endeavours to dissuade our Enemies from the Continuation of the present War, and to incline them to pacific Intentions, analogous to our Offers. We shall receive such good Offices with great Gratitude, sincerely desiring to employ our Reciprocity in Favour of His Majesty, having always considered the Augmentation of His Glory, His Power, and His Dominion, as our own Happiness, and to which we are ready to contribute with our whole Power.

As a greater Mark of our Confidence in the King of Great Britain, and as a Proof of our Moderation, we here add, that, in case our Enemies manifest an insurmountable Obstinacy, and drive us to the Necessity of continuing the War, we will preserve, even though successful, the same pacific and moderate Principles, and the same Repugnance to their Destruction, without ceasing to open ourselves, in a friendly and confidential Manner, with the Court of London, and to profit of its good Offices for our Pacification.

TRANSLATION of the Extract of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Leeds to Count defVoronzow; Whitehall, 9th February 1790.

Having laid before the King the Papers which you communicated to me, by Order of your Court, I have His Majesty’s Commands to assure you, that any Proposition made by the Empress will meet with the greatest Attention on the Part of the King, especially when it relates to so desirable an Object as the Reestablishment of the Public Tranquillity.

The King, however, has seen, with sincere Regret, the Nature of the Conditions of Peace proposed by her Imperial Majesty, which are founded on such considerable Exchanges of Territory, as cannot fail essentially to affect the Interests of various European

Powers, and which appear to the King as calculated rather to prolong, and even to extend the War, than to put an End to its Calamities.

It is of Course impossible that His Majesty can, in any Manner, interfere in Support of the Conditions now brought forward: The King, however, will never have any Object more at Heart (next to the immediate Prosperity of His People) than that of seeing an End put to the Troubles which at present distract a considerable Portion of Europe, by a general Peace, founded on moderate and equitable Principles; and His Majesty will not cease to testify the same Desire, which He has already so often manifested, of embracing, in Concert with His Allies, every favourable Opportunity which may offer of accomplishing so desirable an Object.

COPY of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Mr. Whitworth.

Sir, Whitehall, April 2d, 1790.

Your several Dispatches, to N° 15inclusive, have been duly received and laid before the King.

I have it now in Command from His Majesty, to instruct you to take the earliest Opportunity of expressing to the Court of St. Petersburgh, His Majesty’s Concern, that the Period for Opening of the Campaign has drawn so near, without any Progress having been made, in the Interval of Hostilities, towards a Negoci-ation for putting an End to the War, or for preventing its further Extension: His Majesty has already repeatedly expressed His earnest Desire to employ His good Offices and Mediation, if they can be effectual, for restoring the Peace of Europe; but He has hitherto had the Mortification of observing, that the Terms proposed by Russia are not such as can be likely to produce the desired End, which, His Majesty conceives, can alone be obtained by all the Belligerent Powers concurring in a Wish to terminate the War, without any material Alteration in the relative Situation in which they were previous to its Commencement. You will, therefore, state His Majesty’s earnest Hope, that the Empress may be inclined to desist from Demands inconsistent with this Principle; and that His Majesty, at all Events, conceives the only Chance now left of obtaining the great End in View, and of avoiding the Mischiefs of another Campaign, and the Possibility of the Extension of the War, will be, that an immediate Armistice should be agreed upon by all the Belligerent Powers, which would afford an Opportunity of setting on Foot a Negociation on just and reasonable Grounds.

On these Motives, and from a Consideration of the Urgency of the Moment, His Majesty has determined immediately to propose this Armistice to all the Belligerent Powers, as well as to the Court of Petersburgh. Should it be accepted. His Majesty will be ready immediately to employ His Mediation for setting on Foot a Negociation on the Principle already mentioned.

TRANSLATION of the Extract of a Dispatch from Count to Count

de Woronzorw', dated St. T’T May

1790.

The English Minister at our Court having delivered to me the enclosed Extract of a Dispatch addressed to him by the Duke of Leeds, dated the 2d April N. S. I have lost no Time in submitting it to the Consideration of the Empress.

Her Imperial Majesty has learnt, with equal Pleasure and Gratitude, the Sentiments again manifested by His Britannick Majesty on this Occasion, so friendly towards her, and so favourable to Humanity.

t You

32 Geo. III.

6° Februarii.

35

You hare already been authorized, Sir, on diffe- it to the Interests of the Two Allied Courts, and to Pajxrs re-rent Occasions, to make known the Sentiments of the the Work of Peace itself. On weighing maturely *Pectine the Empress at the Court where you reside; and her Ma- this Consideration, the Empress hopes that His tween Ger-

jesty has a Right to expect that His Britannick Majesty tarmick Majesty has too much Equity, and too much many and has not misunderstood the perfect Conformity of Views Friendship for her, to insist on so pernicious a Mea- Turkey, which subsist between them, relative to the double sure, unless His Wisdom shall be able to devise the Object by which they are animated, of putting a speedy Means of obviating this Danger and Inconvenience.

End to the existing War, and of preventing the possible But. notwithstanding the Continuation of the Opera-Extension of it You will now, Sir, add, that the Con- tions which have been settled for this Campaign, her fidence which dictated these first Overtures, on our Imperial Majesty does not hesitate to give His Part, cannot but have been increased by the Step lately tarmick Majesty the most positive Assurances, that, taken by His Britannick Majesty; and that the Em- whatever may be the Success which Providence may press, duly estimating and honouring the Justice and be pleased to grant to her Arms, her Principles of Equity of His Principles, will feel herself the less em- Moderation, of Equity, and of Regard for the System barrassed in demonstrating her own, as she thinks she of Balance, which forms the Object of His may rely on His Britannick Majesty’s doing her reci- tannick Majesty’s Solicitude, shall in no wise be procal Justice. altered.

The Manner in which her Imperial Majesty has received the Overtures, which have been made to her from different Quarters, for the Purpose of terminating the Two Wars which have been so unjustly undertaken against her, ought not to leave any Doubt of her Inclinations upon this Subject: Her Conduct, ever in Conformity with her Expressions, has proved,

COPY of a Letter from the Duke of to Mr. Whitworth.

Sir, Whiteh June 15th, 1790. I send you enclosed Copy of a Paper which was

that she has not allowed any Opportunity, either di- lately communicated to me by Count de rect or indirect, to escape her, which appeared to her as After a mature Consideration of its Contents, I think it proper to inspire her Enemies with Dispositions ana- proper to direct you, Sir, immediately to represent to logous to her own. If the Grounds of Pacification, the Russian Ministers, that, although His Majesty ob-which she confided last Winter to the Court of Lon- serves, with Concern, that Circumstances prevented don, jointly with that of Berlin, have appeared little the Empress from closing with the Proposal of an calculated to answer the End proposed by them, we Armistice, he sees, on the other Hand, with great have not hesitated to explain ourselves, with the most Satisfaction, the Expression of the Empress’s Disposi-cordial Frankness, on the Motives which obliged us tion to listen to Overtures of Peace, coming as near to present them in a certain Degree of Extension, as possible to the Principles which I stated to you in These Motives were supported by such evident Rea- my Dispatch of the 2d of April. These Principles sons, that when, in consequence of the Orders you continue to appear to His Majesty, as most likely to received, you stated them to the British Ministry, they lay the Foundation of a General Pacification. It, could not but produce an Effect upon them, and however, appears to His Majesty, to he very difficult leave them no reasonable Apprehension, that when the to propose any precise Terms for that Purpose, previ-Enemies of Russia shall be seriously disposed to treat ous to the Commencement of a Negociation: Until for a Peace, she trill not afford every Facility which that can be brought forward, the most just and rea-may depend upon her. In referring to these Reasons, sonable Proposition for a General Basis, appears to and in again impressing them, if it shall be necessary, be, either, that of the Status quo, as it stood previous your Excellency will add, that her Imperial Majesty, to the War, subject, however, to some reasonable persisting sincerely in her Disposition of speedily re- Modifications, or one founded upon such Exchanges

~ between the different Belligerent Powers, and those

conciling herself with her Enemies, on just and reasonable Conditions, and perceiving that those which she has proposed for this Purpose have been deemed not to be of a Nature to be accepted by them, conceives that she cannot more properly fulfil the Views of His Britannick Majesty, than by waiting till they East of Europe. disclose, in their Turn, what Conditions they are ready to grant for the Attainment of this Object; and should they prove in any Degree compatible with the Honour and Dignity of the Empress, and with the Interests of her Empire, her Imperial Majesty will not hesitate to accede to them, adhering, as closely as possible, to the very Principles stated in the above mentioned Extract of the Duke of Leeds’s Dispatch.

With Regard to the Armistice, which His Britan-

immediately in their Neighbourhood, as may tend to conciliate their different Interests and Pretensions, and, at the same Time, prevent any material Alteration, on the Whole, in the Balance of Power in the North and

I am, &'c. (Signed)

Leeds.

TRANSLATION of the Extract of a Dispatch from Count Dto Count de

.Woronzow; dated St. P26th May

1790, O. S.

By the Dispatch of the 1st of this Month, which ruck Majesty proposes as a Step towards the Peace, your Excellency has been instructed to communicate to ’ *' " ' the British Ministry, they have been informed, that

the principal Motive which has prevented us from answering so precisely as we could have wished the Overtures made here by Mr. Whitworth, relative to the Object of the Pacification, arose from the Obligation we were under, of a previous Understanding, on that Subject, with the Court of Vienna. At present.

her Imperial Majesty would not have hesitated to accept it immediately, with regard to the Ottoman Porte, if her Inclinations in this Respect were not combated by the Obligation she is under, of acting in this Affair in Concert with the Court of Vienna; and by a Consideration which she has, in common with that Court, arising from the certain Knowledge w’e have

of the secret Project of The Porte, to amuse the Two this Difficulty is overcome; and the Explanations we.

Allied Courts, by feigned Negociations for an Armi- u ----- ----- ----- ---"~A fU" ‘u~ A — 1 ~c - ----- f *>- —

stice, and for a Peace, till they shall be able to assemble all their Forces. Since therefore the Armistice in Question must terminate in giving Success to the Artifice of the Ottoman Porte, His Britannick Majesty

have received (by the Arrival of a Courier from that Court in the Interim) having made us acquainted with all its Intentions, her Imperial Majesty feels herself enabled to explain herself as to her own.

In consequence of this. Sir, you will announce to

must feel what Injury and Preiudice may result from His Britannick Majesty’s Ministers, that her Imperial

Vo 1. 47. Majesty,

Papers respecting the Treaties between Germany and Turkey.

6° Februarii.

A. 1792.:

Majesty, influenced by the Confidence she reposes in doubtless be known at Petersburgh before this Dispatch the Friendship of that Monarch towards her, in His can possibly be received by you; it is impossible, how-Equity, and in the Justice and Disinterestedness of His ever, for me not to state to you, for the Information Views and Proceedings, does not hesitate to impart to of her Imperial Majesty, the Result of those Confe-Him the utmost Extent of the Conditions on which rences, as an additional Motive for His Majesty’s again she is ready to reconcile herself with her Enemies, and renewing his Instances for the Purpose of contributing, which undoubtedly are calculated to prove at once as far as possible, to prevail upon the Court of the Height of her Moderation, and the Sincerity of to promote the great Object of Pacification,

the Desire, with which she is animated, to see a speedy upon the only Grounds which either Power would, Termination put to the Evils which at present distress for its own Dignity, either recommend or accept. Humanity, and to prevent those which seem further to those of Fairness and Moderation, menace it. One of the Belligerent Parties having adopted the

The Conditions respecting the Turks consist in Idea of setting on Foot a Negociation for Peace, and

The pure and simple Re-establishment of the Trea- proposing an Armistice in consequence, it is impossible ties which have subsisted between Russia and the not to flatter one’s Self with the Hope of finding the Ottoman Porte, down to the Moment of the last Ally of that Power equally disposed to promote, by Rupture; and the same Means, the great Object of Pacification.

In the Cession of the Territory which extends as far The anxious Wish of His Majesty and His Allies as the Dniester, so as that this River may hereafter for the Success of so important an Event, is already serve as a Frontier between Russia and Turkey. too well known to leave a Doubt of their continuing

This arid and uncultivated Territory, containing their Exertions for its final Completion. You will nothing of any Importance, except the single Town of not fail to renew your Representations to this Effect, Oczakmo, is solely fit to serve as a Boundary between in Conjunction with the Ministers of His Majesty’s

Allies; and, under the present Circumstances, I cannot help hoping, that a Difficulty will no longer exist, on the Part of Russia, to impede the further Progress of so glorious a Work, or to occasion any Consequences in future, which might give the smallest Umbrage to her Imperial Majesty.

TRANSLATION of the Extract of a Letter from Count D'Osterman to Count dc Woronzoiv, dated Petersburgh, August 27th,

i7go.

We had scarcely received the News of the Conclusion of the Negociations at Reichenbach, when the Prussian Minister, accredited to our Court, was instructed to make a Communication here, of which he

the Two Empires, and by no Means as an Augmen tation or as a Diminution of Power on one Side or the other.

TRANSLATION of the Extract of a

Letter from his Grace the Duke of Leeds

to Count de Woronzow; dated Whitehall,

17th July 1790.

The King having been informed of the Contents of Count D’Ostermans Dispatch of the 26th of last May, which you, Sir, communicated to me, conformably to the Instructions of your Court, I have the King’s Commands again to assure you, Sir, of the Satisfaction with which His Majesty will receive, on all Occasions, the Assurances of her Imperial Majesty s Disposition to facilitate, as much as may depend bas aCqUjtted himself by transmitting to us the enclosed upon that Sovereign, the salutary Woik of the Re- £xtract cf a I)i8patch addressed to him by the King establishment of the General Tranquillity. his Master. Mr. Whitworth, the English Minister,

TT.Th.e11.^roPosltions> which King, in concert with presenje(] himself immediately afterwards, to declare, His Allies, has recommended more than once to the that be had received formal Orders from his Court to Belligerent Powers, for the Accomplishment of so SUpp0rj the Step now taken by his Colleague, and to desirable an Object, are too well known for it to be which he the Name of a Declaration, necessaryat present to recall them to the Recollection of After having obviated every Thing that could render her Imperial Majesty; and the Principles, on which the Troubies°more complicated, and liable to be these Propositions are founded cannot but serve as extended( her imperial Majesty, consenting to stand Proofs of the Sentiments of Justice, as well as of ajone against an Enemy, who had unjustly provoked Friendship towards the interested Parties, with which an(f over whom she had obtained the most signal the King has been animated in all the Proposals which Advantages, which seemed to promise her the most His Majesty has made to the Belligerent Courts, for compje^e Indemnification for all the Lo96es he had the Re-estahhshment of Peace. occasioned to her, is ready herself to set Bounds to her

The King, convinced of the Empress s sincere Conquests and to be contented, as the Price of the Desire to co-operate towards the Success of so salutary PeJe she is wiUing to grant him, with an unculti-a Work, has not failed to weigh, with the greatest vated Territory, which can only serve, on the one Side, Attention, the last Propositions of the Court of St.to facilitate the Communication between the Frontiers Petersburgh, contained in the Dispatch of the Vice- and to form, on the other Side, a Barrier

Chancellor; and His Majesty cannot avoid observing, adapted to the consolidating and securing the Duration that these Propositions appear little calculated to con- an/Permanency of 8Uch #eace.

abate the Minds either of the King of Sweden or of Regarding th' Affair in this Point of View, which

1 he Forte. is incontestably the natural one, the Empress has Rea-

As to what respects the Ottoman Porte, the Cession 8on ,0 bdie J „,at b insisting upon its she fulfils ,he

of the Town of Oczahta, with its Territory, to Rtmtarea] Views of the British Kingsuch at least as He had

might meet with the greatest Opposition on the Part often1u, He had |xpre8Md His Delire for

of the Turks and, consequently, Mrve rather to pro- ,he Re.e3tabUahment of general Tranquillity, and such long than to terminate the Calamities of War. „ ber Imperial Majesty °Ust suppoSe in Him, especi-

ally from the natural Connections and constant Conformity of Interest of their respective Dominions.

Her Imperial Majesty’s entire Conviction on the Object in general, dictated her Answer to the Overtures of the Court of Berlin, conformably to what you will The several Circumstances which have taken place find in the Enclosure, which you will communicate to in consequence of the Conferences at Reichenbach, will the British Ministry.

After

EXTRACT of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Mr. Whiixcorth; dated August 17th 1790.

32 Geo. III.

6° Februarii.

37

After all the Proofs which the Empress has given of Cessation of the Calamities of the Wars which have Paper* re-her Moderation, and her Regard for the General been commenced against her; and that Providence has ?Pest|n8,he Balance, she thinks herself entitled to expect, from granted, at least, a Part of her Wishes, by the Peace

the Disinterestedness and Equity of His Majesty, that that Prince will be pleased to use his Endeavours to persuade the King of Prussia to enter into Concert with Him, in order, by their united Councils, to prevail with the Ottoman Porte to listen to and accept the moderate and reasonable Propositions which the Field Marshal General Prince Potemkin Jaorickzeskoy is instructed directly to offer her, and upon which he is authorized to conclude with her a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

The Grounds on which these Propositions are founded have been already discussed with the Cabinet of St.James's, which has found them - perfectly just

and admissible. Indeed, according to your last Report, its Language and Sentiments have varied in this Respect: But her Imperial Majesty, still confiding in the disinterested and equitable Principles of His Britannick Majesty, attributed this Alteration solely to His great Earnestness to lessen the Difficulties of a General Accommodation. But since they

which she has now concluded with the King of Sweden, many ami upon Conditions which contain undoubted Proofs of Turkey, her Imperial Majesty’s Moderation and Generosity, as his Prussian Majesty will himself be convinced, by the Communication of the Treaty of Peace, which you will forward to him, for which Purpose a printed Copy thereof is herewith enclosed to you.

That it will not be her Imperial Majesty’s Fault, if the War with the Ottoman Pot'te be not likewise terminated, and as speedily as her Imperial Majesty desires; and it may be asserted that she facilitates it by the Moderation of the Demands which she makes.

That these must be perfectly known to his Prussian Majesty, in consequence of her Imperial Majesty’s having confided them to the King of Hungary and Bohemia, as well as to the King of Great Britain, neither of w'hom have failed to communicate them to his Prussian Majesty.

That if the King will be pleased to weigh these Demands with that Impartiality which the Empress

are now obviated by the existing Circumstances, it thinks she may expect from his Equity, as well as

‘ seems, that nothing remains to prevent His Britannick Majesty from reverting to His former Determination, equally conformable to His natural Justice, as to the Sentiments of Friendship, with which her Imperial Majesty flatters herself, on His Part, as a just Return

from his Friendship for her, he cannot but find them so much the more moderate and reasonable, as their Object, including nothing which can, in the least Degree, threaten that Balance of Power, the Support of which his Prussian Majesty has at Heart, fulfils, on

-J - -J ----- ----- - 7 — ---- — --7 — J-- — ---- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -S J 7 ' 7

for all those which she, on her Side, bears towards the contrary, another of his Views, which is that of Him. Such a Proceeding, by augmenting the Obli- securing the Solidity and Duration of the Peace, the gations, of which they have often strove to give mutual Re-establishment of which is now in Question, by Proofs to each other, will, with the Re-establishment stipulating between Russia and The Porte, a Frontier, of General Tranquillity, complete the Facility of that more distinct, natural, and proper for maintaining Order of Things, to which the constant and immutable between them a peaceable Neighbourhood, and un-Interest of their respective Monarchies seems to invite disturbed Harmony for the future, them. That her Imperial Majesty, by restoring so many

other Conquests made by her Arms from The Porte, and thus sacrificing, to the Re-establishment of Peace, the lawful Right, which she had acquired, to much more considerable Indemnifications for all the Losses occasioned to Russia by the unjust Aggression of The Porte, has nothing to desire for the Proofs she might give of her pacific Dispositions; and that, in order to The Prussian Envoy having transmitted to me the promote their Effect, she some time ago authorized

TRANSLATION of a Letter from the Vice-Chancellor, Count to the

Count de Nesselrode, at Berlin; dated August 27 th, 1790.

enclosed Extract of a Dispatch, which the King his Master had addressed to him, I hastened to submit it to the Consideration of her Imperial Majesty; and it is by her Command that I have the Honour to authorize you to return, through the Channel of his

her Field Marshal General Prince zeskoy, to propose the same Conditions directly to the Turks, and to conclude a Peace with them, on the Basis contained therein, and from which the superior Considerations of Dignity, Honour, and iniispensable

Prussian' Majesty’s Ministry, the following Answer Security to the Frontiers, cannot permit the Empress to the Overtures and Insinuations contained in that to deviate.

Extract. That, from this Exposition, it is evident, on the

That doubtless her Imperial Majesty has not for- one Hand, that it will depend hereafter only on the gotten that his Prussian Majesty had employed and Ottoman Porte, to fix and accelerate the desired Period offered his good Offices for effecting the Re-establish- of the Pacification, by imitating at length the Spirit ment of Peace in Europe;and she hopes that his of Conciliation, which the Empress has incessantly Prussian Majesty will be pleased to recollect, on his displayed; and, on the other, that, as is above-

Side, the Attention with which her Imperial Majesty has always received and listened to those Offers.

That her Imperial Majesty was perfectly informed by the King of Hungary and Bohemia, of every Thing

mentioned, the direct Negociation with the being already opened, the just Apprehension of retarding its Continuation and Progress, is the Reason which prevents the Empress from profiting of the

that had passed in the Conferences at Reichenbach, as friendly Offers, which his Prussian Majesty has been

well as of the Issue of them; but that however she was not the less sensible to the Communication which his Prussian Majesty has been pleased to make to her thereof, on his Part.

That her Imperial Majesty has seen with Pleasure, that, by Means of the amicable Arrangement, w'hich resulted therefrom, an Effusion of Blood has been prevented, of which her Imperial Majesty has professed her Abhorrence.

That from this Principle, and from so many others

pleased to make to her of his formal Mediation.

But that her Imperial Majesty, highly valuing the Weight which the Intervention of a Prince, so respectable as the King of Prussia, would necessarily have, and confiding in the Assurances, which he has now renewed to her, of the Disinterestedness of his Motives, as well as of his Sentiments of Friendship for her, cannot receive more essential or more convincing Marks either of the one or the other, or which, at the same Time, can be more proper to ex-

which have characterized her Reign, her Imperial cite the just Gratitude of her Imperial Majesty, than Majesty has manifested upon all Occasions, the sincere if his Prussian Majesty, conjointly with the King of DeBire, with which she was animated, to see a speedy Great Britain, his Ally, will be pleased to employ, Vol. 47. L and

Papers respecting the Treaties between Germany and Turkey.

38 6° Februarii . 1792.

and render efficacious, his good Offices and salutary Councils with the Ottoman Porte, in order to induce her to accept the reasonable Terms proposed to her, and by which the Empress has exhausted all that could be expected, in the utmost Rigour, from her Moderation, Condescension, and Regard for the General Tranquillity.

I have the Honour, See.

TRANSLATION of a Dispatch from Count D'Osterman to Count de

Sir, St.Petersburgh October 31 st, 1790.

We have safely received the Dispatches which your Excellency intrusted to the Courier and which accompanied the written Answer which the Duke of Leeds gave you, in Consequence of the Overtures which you had Orders to make to the British Ministry, by the Opportunity of Monsieur Pogenpool’s returning to his Post.

Her Imperial Majesty, supporting the whole Burthen of the War, and sincerely desiring to see it terminate as speedily as possible, has a double Motive for partaking with His Britan Majesty in the Regrets He expresses to her, on the Subject of the Difficulties which may result from her Imperial Majesty’s Resolution of insisting on the Cession of and

its Territory; but she thinks she does not depart from the Moderation with which she has shew n herself ready to treat with her Enemies, in not giving up a Point, of no intrinsic Value, but indispensable for the Stability of the Peace itself, which, without that, must necessarily be precarious and temporary, and the Consequences of which, considering the ill Will and the bad Faith of the Turks in the Observance of their Treaties, would be soon to draw Russia into a new War, and to cause to the other Powers the same Alarms and the same Inquietudes, to which the present War has unhappily given too much Occasion.

Your Excellency, in the different Conversations you have had with the Duke of , has so well stated the Reasons which do not permit us to avail ourselves of the Offer which the Allies have made us of their Mediation, that nothing remains but to refer ourselves entirely to them. But if His Britannick Majesty thinks that the good Offices, which the Empress continues earnestly to ask of Him, for facilitating the Pacification, will not be effectual, so long as the Demand of Oczakow shall not be waved, the only Consequence is, that the Ottoman Porte will not be reasonable, and that Russia is not obliged, after having been so unjustly attacked, to sacrifice to her, by the Restitution of all her Conquests, not only her Claim to a just Indemnification, but even her most essential Security for the future.

The Empress does not think she presumes too much on her Pretensions with His Britannick Majesty, in demanding that the Interests of Russia should, on this Occasion, be weighed at least in the same Balance as those of Turkey; and she hopes, from the Equity, as well as the Friendship, of that Monarch, that He will not urge her to admit Grounds of Negociation, so prejudicial to the Honour and Safety of her Empire, as those which the Obstinacy and Injustice of the Ottoman Porte would make her adopt.

In detailing to the British Ministry the Intentions of her Imperial Majesty, which we now announce to you, you will add, that her Imperial Majesty, faithful to the Assurances she has given, will not go beyond them in Consequence of any Success with which it may please Providence to bless the Means, which she is resolved (contrary to her Inclinations) to employ for reducing the Turks; and that the Conditions of her Peace with them will always consist of the same Terms

a.

of Moderation and Equity, which she has lately communicated to the Court of London.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) C. J. D'Osterman.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Count de Woronzaw.

Sir, Whitehal 9th October 1790.

I have not failed to lay before the King the Papers which you communicated to me some Days ago.

His Majesty cannot see, without Regret, the Difficulties which must probably result from the reiterated Resolution of insisting on the Cession of and

its Territory. There was Reason to hope, that the Basis of Negociation, to which the King of Hungary had consented, would have been equally approved of by the Empress; while, at the same Time, considering the Moderation with which that Princess had declared herself disposed to contribute, on her Part, to the Re-establishment of General Tranquillity, we had flattered ourselves that every Obstacle to the happy-Accomplishment of this important Object would speedily have been removed.

The King’s Minister at the Court of St. Petersburgh, in giving his Support to the Representations of his Prussian Majesty on this Object, has done no more than obey the precise Orders of His Majesty; and it is particularly to be regretted, that her Imperial Majesty, at the same Time she thinks proper to decline the Mediation of the Allies, should continue to express her Wishes that they should employ their good Offices for obtaining a Point, which appears so difficult to reconcile with the immediate Interests of The Porte, or even with the General Basis, on which it is so desirable that the Negociation for a Peace may be founded.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Leeds.

EXTRACT of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Mr. Whitworthdated Whitehall, October 19th, i7go.

I send you enclosed a Copy of the Answer which I returned, by His Majesty’s Command, to the late Communication made by Count de Woronzow, by Order of his Court.

You will not fail to communicate the Answer above mentioned to the Russian Ministers (although they will no Doubt receive it from Count de Woronzow) for the Purpose of repeating the King’s Sentiments respecting the desirable Event of Peace between the Empress and The Porte, on the Grounds of the Status quo; at the same Time expressing the sincere Wishes of His Majesty to cultivate the most cordial Friendship with Russia, at all Times, however Circumstances may have been interpreted to the Empress, with a View to promote Jealousy on the Part of Russia towards Great Britain.

That this Country, however flattering the Acceptance of its Mediation, in Conjunction with that of its Allies, by the Empress, would have been, cannot but suppose that Princess had the strongest Motives for not acceding to so friendly a Proposal; and we have too sincere a Desire of seeing Russia restored to perfect Tranquillity, not to be satisfied with the Means, which may appear most agreeable to her Imperial Majesty, being adopted for that Purpose.

TRANSLATION

32 Geo.

6° Februarii.

TRANSLATION Of a Memorial from Messrs. fVhitworth and Goltze; presented at Petersburgh, 26th May, 1791.

Since the Beginning of the existing War, the Courts of London and Berlin have manifested, on all Occasions, their ardent Desire of contributing, by all the Means in their Power, to its speedy Termination, upon such Principles as might best accord with the General Interest of Europe: They have had the Satisfaction of seeing these salutary Views in Part accomplished, by the Acceptation of the Status quo, such as It existed before the War, as the Basis of the Pacification between Austria and The Porte. The same Principle having equally served as the Basis of the Peace between Russia and Sweden, they had flattered themselves, that, in conformity with these Principles, the Court of Petersburg would also have consented to negociate, on the same Basis, her Pacification with The Porte. But their Wishes having hitherto been fruitless, and the Time for opening the Campaign being again at Hand, the Consequences, which the Continuation of the War must unavoidably entail upon their common Interests, have laid them under an indispensable Necessity of making such Preparations as Circumstances may require. At the same Time, the Two Courts, desiring to do every Thing which depends on them to contribute to the Re-establishment of General Tranquillity, provided that the Safety of The Porte, and consequently the Interests of Europe, should not be committed, have seriously weighed the Ideas suggested by other respectable Powers, to try to conciliate the Views of the interested Parties, by some Modification, conformable to the Principle already laid down.

The Demand made by Russia of Oczalcow, and its District, comprising the Country situated between the Bog and the Dniester, is brought forward by that Court as founded solely on the Principle of securing a defensive Frontier. It is, however, evident, that the present Situation of Turkey makes it more necessary for her than for Russia, that the same Principle should be applied to her Dominions and Limits; that it is a Point of the highest Importance for the Security and Independence of that Power; and that it is essential for the Maintenance of the permanent Tranquillity of Europe to provide for it in an effectual Manner.

From these Considerations, the Allies are induced to testify to the Court of Petersburgh their Desire to seetthis Principle adopted, as the Basis of any Modification of the Status quo; and their earnest Desire to facilitate the speedy Re-establishment of the General Tranquillity has induced them to authorize the Undersigned to declare, that their respective Courts are ready to contribute, by their Assistance, to fulfil so desirable an Object, and to set on foot a Negociation for this Purpose, provided that it be conformable to the Principles of Equity and Justice above detailed, by which their Conduct has always been influenced. (Signed)

Charles Whitworth. Count de Goltze. Petersburgh,

Thursday, 44 May, 1791.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Count DVsterman to Messrs. Whitworth and Goltze,

A-June, 1791.

On every Occasion that the Courts of London and Berlin, as well as other Powers, have made Overtures to the Empress, on the Subject of their Wishes to see a speedy Termination put to the War, which un-Vo 1. vf.

39

happily has taken place between Russia and the Papers res-Ottoman Porte, her Imperial Majesty has constantly ^reaties1!!*-manifested a Disposition, which proved the most tween cer-" perfect Conformity between her own Views and those of many and the above Powers. The most undeniable Documents Turkey, and Evidences of this are to be found in all their Cabinets.

The Memorial lately presented by the Ministers of the Two above-mentioned Courts, dated the of May, making mention, in general Terms only, of a Provision to be made for the Security of the Ottoman Porte in the future Pacification, and of a Negociation to be set on foot here on that Subject, her Imperial Majesty is the less enabled to appreciate its Object and Aim, as she has a Right to flatter herself, that she has exhausted, in her Propositions, every Thing which her Love of Peace, her Generosity, and even her Attention to general Accommodation, have been able to Suggest to her, as compatible with her Dignity, the Justice of her Cause, and her Attention to the Security and Repose of her Empire. For, after having been unjustly attacked and provoked, as all the World knows, and as the Courts of London and Berlin have at the Time acknowledged and avowed; after Four Years of a burthensome War, accompanied, however, with uninterrupted Success on the Part of Russia, by which she has become Mistress of various Provinces and strong Places of the Ottoman Dominions; the Empress, conformably to all the Laws received and acknowledged by all Nations, would have been completely entitled to retain the Whole of these Conquests, or, at least, a considerable Part of them, as a just, though certainly an inadequate, Indemnification for so many Evils and so many incalculable Losses, the Burthen of which her Dominions have so long had to sustain. Her Imperial Majesty, however, in consequence of her Moderation and Disinterestedness, has not hesitated to make a Sacrifice of all the Advantages, to which the Progress of her Arms appeared naturally to hold out to her, merely reserving to herself that of ensuring the Duration and the Stability of the Peace, which she is desirous of concluding, by a new Frontier, which, far from endangering or exposing the defensive Security of the Ottoman Porte, confirms it, at the same Time that it removes every Subject of Dispute and of Quarrel between the Two States, to which an immediate Neighbourhood too often gives Occasion, and which become the Origin and Cause of Ruptures, and of long and bloody Wars.

As a River, like the Dniester, offers a Boundary equally natural and proper to prevent and remove hereafter all the above-mentioned Inconveniences, without at all affecting, as it is extremely easy to prove, the relative Proportion of Power between the Two interested Parties, her Imperial Majesty conceives herself entitled to insist upon this Demarcation with the greater Propriety, as conciliating at once the Object of Security for the Ottoman Porte, for which the Courts of London and Berlin, are desirous of providing, and that of the lasting Preservation of the general Tranquillity of Europe, which has always been, in an equal Degree, the Object of the Empress's most constant and lively Solicitude.

Influenced by these Motives, and by the evident Principles of Equity and Justice, her Imperial Majesty has authorized her Minister to declare to the Courts of London and Berlin, that she still perseveres in the Sentiments and in the peaceable and moderate Dispositions, which she has invariably manifested; and that she will, with Pleasure and Gratitude, avail herself of all the friendly and impartial Steps, that those Courts may think proper to take, to accelerate the salutary Work of Peace, provided that the Interests of her Dignity, and of the Welfare of her Subjects, shall be thereby attended to, to the Extent

which

C.

40

0° Februarii. A. 1792.

Papers respecting the Treaties between Germany and Turkey.

which both Justice, the Goodness of her Cause, and Reason, prescribe and demand.

(Signed)

J.

Petersburgh,

6th June, 1791-

TRANSLATION of a Memorial from Messrs. Whitworth, Fawkener, and presented at Petersburgh June, 1791.

The undersigned, Envoys Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary of England and Prussia, thinking themselves authorized to conclude, from the Answer made, by Order of her Imperial Majesty, to the Representation of the Courts of London and Berlin, dated the of last Month, that she feels herself disposed to permit her Ministers to enter into a Discussion of the Principle brought forward in the aforesaid Representation, respecting a Defensive Frontier, as well for the Russian Empire as the Ottoman Porte, have determined to collect into one Point of View, and to submit to the Consideration of her Imperial Majesty, without Disguise or Reserve, all they are permitted by their Instructions to propose, with regard to this Object, to the Court of Petersburgh.

They have no Doubt but that her Imperial Majesty "will consider the Earnestness they thus shew, and their Candour, which is so different from the ordinary Course of Negociations, as an indubitable Proof of the sincere and disinterested Desire of the Kings their Masters, to make their good Offices and friendly Intervention conduce to the speedy Re-establishment of a Peace, both safe and useful to the Belligerent Powers.

The aforesaid Ministers are induced to think, in consequence of the Overtures made by his Catholic Majesty and by the Court of Denmark, which do not appear to have been rejected, or even disapproved by the Court of Russia, and from the Detail of the Inconveniences resulting from an immediate Neighbourhood, which is to be found in the Answer already mentioned, that her Imperial Majesty may be induced to consent to conclude a Peace, on Condition that the District of Oczahoxc, from the Bog to the Dniester,

should be declared neutral and independent of both Powers. This Stipulation, were it faithfully and exactly performed by the Contracting Parties, might perhaps fulfil the Object more perfectly than any other, and might ensure the Advantage of a Frontier reciprocally defensive. Two great Rivers, and an uncultivated und desert Country, extending more than Two hundred Wersts, which must be passed before the Troops of either of the Powers could arrive in the Country of the other, would undoubtedly secure the Two Empires from Surprize; and the fortifying of the Eastern Banks of the Bog by Russia, and of the Western Banks of the Dniester by the Turks, would leave nothing to be wished for on this important Point. Such is the First Means of Conciliation, which the aforesaid Ministers are willing, with the Consent of her Imperial Majesty, to propose to the Turks, as the Basis of a Peace.

The Second Proposition, which might come in Question, is the Cession of and its imme-

diate District, to Russia, in full Property and Sovereignty, with all the Rights thence resulting, without any Exception; reserving, however, to Turkey a Space on the Eastern Bank of the Dniester, more or less considerable, in Proportion to the Facility there may be to find some natural and defineable Frontier; such, for Instance, as the Lake Teligol, or such other as may. be agreed upon-; it being nevertheless under-

stood, that this should be at a Distance sufficient to secure to the Turks the free Navigation of the Dniester.

It might even be practicable to engage to induce the Turks to consent to the Neutrality of this Part of the ceded District, situated between the new Frontier of Russia and that River.

The Allied Courts do not think they shall be able to engage The Porte to conclude a Peace, on the Condition of leaving Oczakow fortified in the Hands of Russia, unless this Sacrifice, so dangerous for her, should be compensated by the Security of the Two Banks of the Dniester; and the aforesaid Ministers flatter themselves that her Imperial Majesty will not refuse this Condition.

Should her Imperial Majesty, however, feel ally Repugnance to accede to these Terms, the aforesaid Ministers declare their Readiness, as the last Resource, to propose to the Ottoman Ministry to cede to- Russia, as the Price of Peace, the District of Oczakow, from the Bog to the Dniester, in full Property and Sovereignty; provided, however, that her Imperial Majesty will authorize them to give Die Porte such Assurances as may be proper to calm the Minds of its Subjects, to prevent its Alarms, and to tranquillize it, as to the Consequences of such a Dismemberment of its Empire, by enabling the Courts of London and Berlin to engage, that her Majesty shall demolish the Fortress of Oczakow, and shall not rebuild it; that she shall not raise other Fortifications within this District; and that she shall leave the Navigation of the Dniester perfectly free.

The Courts of Ijjndon and Berlin conceive they cannot propose any Thing beyond these Conditions to the Ottoman Porte; but, by the Choice which they desire her Imperial Majesty to make between these different Propositions of Conciliation, all of them just, moderate, and reasonable, they are persuaded she will perceive, beyond a Possibility of Doubt, their particular Regard towards herself personally, and their extreme Attention to consult the Dignity of her Crown, the Honour and the Glory of her Empire, and the Interests of her Subjects: They confidently refer to the Judgment, which all Europe must form, of their sincere Intention to restore Peace, and to contribute to the general Tranquillity, as well as of their Impartiality and their perfect Disinterestedness, which are evidently proved by the Step they have now taken.

With regard to the Form of the Arrangement to be adopted, the aforesaid Ministers will make no Difficulty in agreeing to any Thing her Imperial Majesty may desire on that Head, provided that the Engagements, for which they must become responsible to the Ottoman Porte, may thereby be securely established.

If it be true, that the regular Conferences were not begun till this Day, it is equally so, that the Ministers of her Imperial Majesty have long been made acquainted, by confidential Conversations, and by other Means, with the Propositions for Peace, which were about to be brought forward. It is therefore to be presumed, that her Imperial Majesty’s Resolution on this important Business is in some Degree formed, if not absolutely settled; and her Determination is expected with the greatest Impatience at London and Berlin. Her Imperial Majesty’s Friendship and Regard for the Kings of Great Britain and Prussia, her lively Solicitude for the Repose of Europe, her Love towards her People, her Desire to restore Peace to them, and to prevent the further Effusion of human Blood, afford the surest Confidence to the undersigned Ministers, that this important Decision will speedily be signified to them, and that it will be favourable; more especially as, complying with every Thing her Imperial Majesty has

appeared

32 Geo. III. 6°

41

appeared to desire, they ask from her Goodness and Generosity only some slight Modifications.

(Signed)

Charles Whitworth. Le Cc dcGoltzc.

W. Faxvkener.

Petersburgh,

-y. June 1791.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from Count D'Osterman to Messrs. Whiiworth and Faw-kener, 9th July 1791.

The Second Memorial, delivered here on the -Ff- of last Jum, by the Envoys Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary of England and Prussia, having been submitted to the Consideration of the Empress, her Ministers, having received her Imperial Majesty's Orders, now find themselves enabled to continue the amicable Discussion which forms the Object of that Memorial.

In the first Place, the underwritten Minister has the Pleasure to announce the Satisfaction with which her Imperial Majesty has seen, in the Fairness and Candour which the Ministers of their Majesties the Kings of Great Britain and Prussia have given to their Negoci-ation, the sincere Wish of their Masters to accelerate the desirable Work of a Peace between Russia and the Ottoman Porte. Such an intention corresponds too much with the Wishes of her Imperial Majesty, for her not to afford, on her Side, every reasonable Facility in her Power. But if, having supported for so long a Time the Burthen of a War, provoked by the unjust Aggression of The Porte, she is interested more than any other Power to accelerate its Conclusion, she conceives herself equally entitled to weigh and to fix, in her Wisdom and Moderation, the Means of securing to her Subjects, if not a Compensation proportioned to their Exertions, at least a certain and secure Repose, of which they stand in need, and which ought to be the smallest Reward of those Exertions. The Demands which her Imperial Majesty has, in consequence, made, and which she has caused to be manifested to the Courts of London and Berlin, as w ell as to all Europe, assuredly present nothing more than this innocent and equitable Desire. They must be considered in this Light by all impartial Powers; and if any of them have suggested any Ideas of modifying these Demands (though without any Concert or Consent of Russia) this must have arisen from Considerations, derived not from their Incompatibility with strict Justice and the general Interest, but solely from an Apprehension of the Extension of the Calamities of War. Such must undoubtedly have been the Motive of the Overtures made to the Courts of London and Berlin by that of Copenhagen; of which, however, the Court of Russia never had any direct Know ledge, nor ever authorized her to propose the Sacrifices of which that Court has made mention. At present, when this Apprehension seems to be dissipated, by Means of the friendly Explanations to which the Two first Courts have opened the Way, the Empress is as assured of obtaining the unanimous Sufi rage of all the Pow ers to her Propositions, as she finds herself obliged, for the most serious Reason of maintaining the Tranquillity of her own Dominions as well as of Europe in general, not to depart from the moderate and disinterested Terms which she has hitherto brought forward.

The Three Grounds of Pacification, presented in the above-mentioned Memorial of the June, not being equivalent, and the last being the only one which, in any Degree, corresponds with the known Intention of her Imperial Majesty, it is upon this alone that we can fix our Attention and Observations.

The Two Allied Courts propose to offer to the

VOL. 47.

Ottoman Ministry the Cession of the District of Oczakow, from the Bog to the Dniester, to Russia, in full Property and Sovereignty; provided that her Imperial Majesty will authorize them to give The Porte such Assurances as may be proper to calm the Minds of its Subjects, to prevent its Alarms, and to tranquillize it as to the Consequences of such a Dismemberment of its Empire, by enabling those Courts to engage, that her Majesty shall demolish the Fortress of Oczakcnv, and shall not re-build it; and that she shall not raise other Fortifications within this District.

Besides, independently that a Clause or Restriction of this Nature would imply a Contradiction of the Principle of Property and absolute Sovereignty, on the Footing of which the Two above mentioned Courts consent to negociate the Cession of the Country in Question with the Ottoman Porte, it does not even correspond with that of perfect Equality or Reciprocity, which ought to be the indispensable Basis of this Negociation: for her Imperial Majesty leaves to the Turks an entire Liberty of preserving, on their Bank, all their ancient Fortifications, of repairing them, and of erecting new ones at their Pleasure. Besides, a Clause of this Nature would overturn and render null the principal Object proposed by this Acquisition, which is that of obtaining for Russia a certain and distinct Frontier, which she feels to be the more necessary, as the existing War, as well as the preceding, were both of them commenced on the Part of the Ottoman Porte. In Addition to this, the Construction of Fortresses in general does not indicate any Intention of attacking; it is connected with Measures of Precaution and Defence, and cannot, consequently, give Occasion to any Subject of reasonable Alarm or Inquietude: On the contrary, the more that Frontiers separated by a River, like the Dniester, are fortiiicd on both Sides, the greater will be the respective Security for the Preservation of good Harmony and of good Neighbourhood between the adjoining States. Other Reasons might be alledged, drawn from the local Situation of the Country; and the Character of the neighbouringNations, all of which concur to prevent the Admission of Engagements, equally contrary to the Object of the Empress and of the Mediating Powers. But to shew them, in the most unequivocal Manner, an equal Deference and Respect for their Intervention, her Imperial Majesty does not hesitate to give them the most positive Assurances, that not only she will not disturb the Liberty of the Navigation of the Dniester, but that she will, on the contrary, afford it all Favour and Protection. She will do this the more willingly, as, during her whole Reign, she has acted upon an invariable Principle of encouraging, by all possible Means, the Commerce and Navigation of neutral and friendly Nations. Her Majesty, however, hopes, that those Powers will undertake to induce the Ottoman Porte to adopt, in this Respect, the same Rule, and the same Principle; and, in general, although her Majesty is not informed that the Allied Courts have been specially authorized, by the Ottoman Porte, to treat, and to make Propositions, in its Name, she, however, presumes that, from the zealous Pains and Trouble they take for the Re-establishment of Peace, their good Offices and Representations will have all the Weight they deserve, and she flatters herself, in Consequence, that they will he inclined to employ all their Credit and Influence with The Porte, to make her as well convinced, as they must be themselves, of the Justice and Purity of the Empress's Intentions, which assuredly do not tend either to the Destruction of the Ottoman Porte, or to the Overturning of the General Balance, but which, on the contrary, prove the most sincere Desire to cflect a general Pacification, and, above all Things, to put a Stop to a further Eflusion of human Blood. If, however, contrary to all Expectation, and in Spite of the Moderation and Equity of

M the

Papers re*

specting the Treaties between Germany and Turkey.

42 6° Februarii. A. 1792.

Paptrs re- the Empress’s Demands, and of the Endeavours of spec ting the ^gjj. Majesties the Kings of Great Britain and twewi^Ger-" to giye t^iem Weight at the aforesaid Porte, that Court n)any &ml should persist in its unreasonable Obstinacy, her Impe-

Turkey. rial Majesty hopes, in that Case, from the Justice and Friendship of those Sovereigns, that they will abandon the Care of terminating this War to the sole Course of Events which it may occasion. She conceives she may, with the more Justice, expect this Deference on their Part, as, far from being desirous of dissembling, that the Modifications she has given to the Conditions of Peace are in a great Part owing to that which she has a Pleasure in shewing them on her Side, she is glad, on every Occasion, to manifest the Value she attaches to the Preservation of their Friendship, and the Desire which animates her to cultivate with them, without Alteration, the most real Harmony and most perfect good Understanding.

(Signed) Count Jean Petersburgh,

9th July 1791.

TRANSLATION of a Memorial from Messrs. Whitworth, Fawkener, and Goltze; presented at Petersburgh, July 44 1791.

The undersigned, Envoys Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary of England and Prussia, have received the Communication, which his Excellency the Vice-Chancellor Count D'O was pleased to make to them on the of this Month, by Order of her Imperial Majesty, in Answer to their Memorial of the of June, with all the Sensibility, which an intimate Knowledge of the Sentiments of Regard and Esteem of the Kings their Masters for the august Person of her Majesty the Empress, and of the infinite Value which they attach to her Friendship and Confidence, must inspire them with. The Justice, which the Empress renders to the Purity of the Intentions of the Kings of Great Britain and Prussia, and to the Sincerity of their Desire to contribute to the speedy Re-establishment of Peace between Russia and the Ottoman Porte, and to maintain and preserve the Public Tranquillity, how much soever it might be due to them, could not but be agreeable and valuable to them in the highest Degree; and the above-mentioned Ministers think they cannot better concur, in the Name and on the Part of their Sovereigns, with the Spirit of Conciliation which dictated those Expressions, than in passing over all Difficulties, and removing all Obstacles, which might still retard the Accomplishment of that desirable Work;

If the said Ministers proposed to her Imperial Majesty, that she would be pleased to engage not to erect any Fortifications in the District which is to be ceded to her by The Porte, that Proposal was not made with the View of depriving Russia of the just Means of Security and Defence, but in order more effectually to secure the free Navigation of the Dniester; the principal Object, which has always appeared to the Allied Courts of the highest Importance. Since, however, her Imperial Majesty has been pleased to give them the most positive Assurances, that not only she will not disturb the Freedom of the Navigation of that River, but that, on the contrary, she will grant it her full Favour and Protection, that Precaution is become superfluous and useless, the undersigned regarding her Imperial Majesty’s Word as the most certain Pledge of the Engagements she contracts.

In consequence, therefore, of such Engagement on the Part of her Majesty the Empress, the above-mentioned Ministers promise, without Hesitation, in the Names of their Masters, and by virtue of their full Powers, that the Kings of Great Britain and Prussia shall propose to the Ottoman Porte, to conclude Peace

with Russia, by ceding to the hitter, in full Right and Sovereignty, the District of Oczakow, from the Bog to the Dniester; her Imperial Majesty engaging, as

above, not to disturb the Freedom of the Navigation of the latter River, but, on the contrary, to grant it her full Favour and Protection; a Condition by which the Ottoman Porte will be equally bound, and which will make, on each Side, an Article of the Peace to be concluded. It follows that Russia will restore to the Ottoman Porte, at the Conclusion of the Peace, all the other Provinces and Possessions whatsoever, belonging to The Porte, and which have heen or may be conquered by the Arms of Russia.

If, contrary to all Expectations, The Porte shall be unwilling to yield to the Advice and Representations of the Allied Courts, and should decline entering into Negociation on the proposed Basis, the said Courts promise her Imperial Majesty to abandon the Termination of this War solely to the Course of Events which it may produce. The above-mentioned Ministers are nevertheless persuaded, that her Majesty the Empress will not think the Term of Four Months too long for the Acceptance, by the Turks, of the Conditions above mentioned, and for the Settlement of the Peace.

The Kings of Great Britain and Prussia hope, moreover, from the Generosity of her Majesty the Empress, and from her Desire to stop any further Effusion of human Blood, that she will be pleased, as soon as The Porte shall have consented to the Bases of Pacification above declared, to consent to an immediate Armistice, in order to give every Security and Facility to the Plenipotentiaries, to be appointed on each Side to negociate the Peace, and to conclude it, without Loss of Time. Their Majesties are the more readily inclined to believe that her Imperial Majesty will agree to this Proposal, as her Intentions thereupon have already been signified by his Excellency the Vice-Chancellor, to the Count de Woronzow, her Imperial Majesty’s Minister at London, and communicated by him to that Court.

It only remains to the aforesaid Ministers, to assure her Imperial Majesty’s Ministry of their real Satisfaction, in having served as the Instruments for the Completion of an Arrangement, which cannot but produce the most happy Consequences, and the most advantageous Effects on the Harmony and good Understanding already subsisting between her Imperial Majesty and the Allied Courts. These Sentiments cannot but be maintained and strengthened by the Proofs of Regard, Deference, and Friendship, which the Sovereigns have now' mutually given to each other, in the Face of all Europe.

The gracious Testimony which her Imperial Majesty has deigned to give to the Zeal and Frankness of the above-mentioned Ministers, is to them of inestimable Value, and they regard it as a very glorious Reward of their Pains and Labours.

(Signed)

Charles Whitworth. Le Comte de Goltze.

Wm Fawkener.

Petersburgh,

44 July 1791.

TRANSLATION of a Memorial from Count D'Osterman to Messrs. Whitworth, Fawkener, and Goltze, July 44, 1791.

The Empress has seen, with entire Satisfaction, by the Memorial delivered to her Ministry, on the of this Month, from the Ministers of their Majesties the Kings of Great Britain and Prussia, that those Princes do full Justice to the Moderation and Equity of the Conditions proposed by her Imperial Majesty, as the Commencement and Means of her Accommodation

s with

Report from Committee on the Motion for a Supply.

Committee of Supply &ppouite4»

Estimates, &c. ordered.

Ordinary of Navy.

32 Geo. III.

6° Februarii.

43

with the Ottoman Porte; and that consequently they Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what Extra Navy, are willing to charge themselves with recommending' may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buddings, and those Conditions to the latter, and to endeavour to Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and

other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and 'l'ear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1792, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Guards and Majesty has herself declared, she will not certainly Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1792, Garnson3-neglect any of the Facilities which may depend upon be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance. Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1792, be laid before this House.

Order, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of officers-the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1792, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out- Chelsea Out-

Pensioners.

make them accepted by that Court, in their utmost Parity and Extent.

Seeing in those Intentions of their said Majesties a perfect Conformity with those which her Imperial

her, and which can contribute to the Accomplishment of the End proposed, relying with Confidence on the Friendship and Zeal, which their and Prussian

Majesties have shewn for her, that, in their Measures for influencing the Determination of The Porte, they will unite all the Activity and Energy, which the Importance of the Object, and the Value they have appeared to attach to it, require.

Whatever can tend or contribute to the immediate

stopping of any further Effusion of human Blood, affect- Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1792, be jug her Imperial Majesty, as a Party interested, more laid before this House.

particularly and directly than any other Power, no Doubt can be entertained of the Eagerness with which she will seize the Moment when she may, without Danger or Inconvenience, agree to a Suspension of Hostilities, as soon as she is assured of the pure and simple Acquiescence of the Turks to the Bases which will be proposed to them.

The Interval of Four Months, proposed in the

Ord, That an Account of Services incurred, and Services not not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this Pl0V*<led for-House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Disposition Account shewing how the Monies, given for the Service oS Grants, of the Year 1791 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Navy Debt. Memorial of the English and Prussian Ministers, is a Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it Term more than sufficient for the Acceptance and Con- stood on the 31st Day of December 1791. currence of the Turks. Therefore the Completion of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to the Work of Peace will depend solely on the Ottoman His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Porte; and all Delays and Obstacles, with their Con- Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this sequences, can only be attributed to herself alone. House the said Estimates, List, and Accounts.

However, her Imperial Majesty, relying on the ef- Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His ficacious Intervention which their Majesties the Kings Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His of Great Britain and Prussia have undertaken to em- Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, ploy, for giving a happy Issue to their Interposition,

draws therefrom a favourable Omen, and anticipates Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday So much of to herself the Pleasure of evincing to them how agree- Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant February, ^'rel.tes'to^1 able it will be to her to find, in the Accomplishment resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Public in-of her Wishes for Peace, an Opportunity of giving consider of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious £*"

them a fresh Proof of her constant Desire to cultivate their Friendship and Confidence.

(Signed) C. J. D'Ostei'man.

St. Petersburgh,

16th July 1791.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Thursday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Speech to both Houses of Parliament as relates to the to be con. Public Income and Expenditure, and the National sidered-Debt.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account of the Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ?,ril*,reti' ( to the 5th Day of January 1792. Taxes'6 °

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exchequer Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made Dills, out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-one."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-one."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Money issued Account of the Monies which have been issued to the for maintain-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Representatives of Henry Bradley, Esquire, and Janies Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and *c> ansi' whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His guarding Convicts in Langston and Portsmouth Har-

Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1792, with an Estimate of the Half-Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of

bours, and which have not been made good by Parliament

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an For Ditto, on Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, the Thames. Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining,

the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and before this House. which have not been made good by Parliament.

Vol. 47. Ordered,

For sending Provisions, &c. to New South Wales,

For regulating the shipping of Slaves.

For the Prosecution against Mr. Hastings.

To Mr. Cotton to pay Bills of Exchange, &c.

For relief to American Sc Last Florida Sufferers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of sending Provisions and sundry Articles to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn by Governor Philip and Lieutenant Ball, and of other Expences incurred on Account of the Convicts transported to that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend " and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of " Parliament for regulating the shipping, and carrying " Slaves iii British Vessels from the Coast of and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Sums issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 10.?. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1791, on the several Orders made pursuant to the Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for giving Belief to such Persons as have suffered in their Bights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East to the King of Spain, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was seized, used, or destroyed, for the carrying

A. 1792.

on the Public Service there, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1792, together with the Sum of (i I. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order; and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1792, after the same Rate of 3/. 10 s. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 61, 5 s. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively -, in which Account the Amount of the Principal and Interest are to be particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money, which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, that Mr. Haworth, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Produce of the Taxes, for One Year, to the 5th of January 1792: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-one:" And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-one.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The first of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other Accounts are as follow ethviz.

6° Februci

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one.’’

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Three Million Live hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the sith Day of February 1792.

II. Rose Haworth.

; 0

Address for Account of Money issue pursuant to Addresses.

Accounts ot Produce of Taxes — and Amount of Exchequer Bills presented.

32 Geo. III.

6° Februarii.

45

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Two Millions.

Exchequer, the 6th Day of February 1792.

William Rose

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the first of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

stoekbridg* A Petition of Joseph Foster Barham, and George Election — Porter, Esquires, was delivered in at the Table, and M?Barham reax^» Setting forth. That, at the last Election of Two and Mr. Por- Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough «r. of Stockbridge, in the County of Hants, the Petitioners,

John Cator, and John Scott, Esquires, were Candidates, and the Bailiff of the said Borough for the Time being, duly elected and qualified, is Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that, at the said Election, one William Newman took upon himself the Office of Bailiff and Returning Officer for the said Borough, without being duly qualified for the Exercise thereof according to Law, and the said William Newman acted with the greatest Partiality in Favour of the said John Cator and John Scott, and against the Petitioners; and that, at and before the Election, the said John Cator and John Scott, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of various Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and did, by themselves and their Agents, by Gifts, Promises, and Rewards, procure, and endeavour to procure, a great many of the Electors to vote for the said John Cator and John Scott, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioners; and that, by those and other undue and illegal Means, a colourable Majority was procured for the said John Cator and John Scott over the Petitioners, and the said William Newman hath returned the said John Cator and John Scott as duly elected, whereas the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes tendered for them, and were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and that one John Churcher, illegally, and without any due Authority for intermeddling in the Return of Members for the said Borough, hath also made a Return of the said John Cator and John Scott, as being duly elected Members for the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 1st Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Stockbridge A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Action — thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Pennon of others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stock-r. octors. bridge, in the County of Southampton, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That Vol. 47.

the Petitioners had a Right to vote at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Joseph Foster Barham, George Porter, John Cator, and John Scott,

Esquires, were Candidates, and, at such Ejection,

William Newman took upon himself the Office of Bailiff and Returning Officer for the said Borough, without having been sworn into the said Office, and without being duly qualified for the Exercise thereof according to Law, and did return the said John Cator and John Scott as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that one John Churcher likewise illegally assumed to himself the Office of Bailiff and Returning Officer of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and did also return the said

John Cator and John Scott as duly elected Members to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the Petitioners conceiving the said William and John Churcher to be disqualified to take a Poll, and make a proper Return of Members to serve in Parliament, declined to give their Votes before them; and that the said John Cator and John Scott were not duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough:

And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Sir John Widehouse presented to the House, according Norwich and to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, Swaffham of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amend- Kowl ing and widening the Road from S Benedict's Gate, presen e in the County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxham, and also a

N Lane

46

6° Februarii. A. 1792.

Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Acts for re- Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

TrialsTofcon- " An Act to explain and amend an Act

troverted " made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Elections " Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections

ordered. " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,"

might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Acts: And that Mr. Burke and Mr. Fox do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Hentig’s Nat. A Petition of John William was presented to

Petition. the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Bill to amend Mr. Burke presented to the House, according to

datin'f the ^rt*er’ a Bill to a>nend several Acts of Parliament for Trialsofcon- regulat'ng the Trials of controverted Elections or Re-troverted turns of Members to serve in Parliament: And the Elections, same was received; and read the First Time, presented. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to re- Ordered, Nemine ConThat Leave be given

move Doubts to bring in a Bill to remove Doubts respecting the respecting Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel: And that Mr. of Jurief in"3 To.r, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Cases of Mr. Sheridan, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney Libel, order- General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Jeki/ll, Mr. e<1- Anstruther, and Mr. Adam, do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

Bill to amend Act 9 Anne for rendering Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus, &c. more effectual, ordered.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon " Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; " and for the more easy trying and determining the " Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations " and Boroughs," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Fox, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sheridan, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr. An-

struther, and Mr. Adam, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, was delivered in at the Table, and read;

Setting forth, That on Saturday, the 12th Day of March 1791, an Election of One Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, came on, and Benjamin Lester, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates at the said Election; and that, at the Time of the said Election, the said Benjamin Lester had not such an Estate, in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit, of, or in, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as qualified him to be elected and returned to serve as a Member for the said Borough, according to the Statute in that Behalf made and provided, and that tire said Benjamin Lester was not capable of being elected and returned, and the Votes given for the said Benjamin Lester were thrown away; and that John Strong, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, and Returning Officer of the said Borough, presided at the said Election, and shewed great Partiality in Favour of the said Benjamin Lester, by illegally rejecting the Votes of a great many Persons who offered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner, and who had a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, as well by the General Laws and Customs of the Land, as by the particular Constitution of the said Borough, being Inhabitants and Householders within the same, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, and by admitting upon the Poll many illegal Votes for the said Benjamin Lester; and that, on casting up the Poll, there appeared a colourable Majority of Votes in Favour of the said Benjamin Lester, whereas the Number of legal Votes for the Petitioner would have far exceeded the Number of those for the said Benjamin Lester at the said Election, if the Votes of the Persons above mentioned had not been rejected, and the Petitioner was therefore, in Fact, duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 3d Day of next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Ejections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant St. Mawes to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mawes, in the County of Cornwall. in the room of Graves Simcoe, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Boole Elec- A Petition of the Honourable Basil William Douglas,

tiun — Petition commonly called Lord Daer, One of the Candidates of LordDaer. J u ’

32 Geo. III.

7° Februa

47

Answers to Addresses.

Martis, T die Februarii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIIU< Regis, 1792.

Pra vers.

THE Earl of Cwrtrnn reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, List, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this

last Session of Parliament, " That there be prepared, " in order to be laid before this House in the next " Session of Parliament, Lists of the Names of all " the Persons who shall be confined for Debt, on " the 1st Day of October 1791, in the several Prisons within the Kingdom of England, the Principality of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon " Tweed; distinguishing whether such Persons are

" so confined in Execution; or upon Mesne Process; " and specifying the particular Sums for which such " Persons are charged, respectively, and the Times " when they were first committed, and which of them are married and have Children, as far as it can be

House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that done; and also specifying how many of the said

Canvey Island Em-

His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The Earl of Courtown also reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of Lands in the

" Debtors receive Allowances under the Acts, commonly called The Lords Acts: And that with such Lists there be also sent an Account of the greatest Number of Persons confined for Debt, at any " One Period, in each Year, since the Year 1780, ia " each Gaol; and how many Debtors have died in each " Gaol, since the Year 1780, the Amount of their " Debts respectively, and the Time for which each was confined; and distinguishing the Courts out " of which the Process issued upon which such " Debtors were confined," which, by an Order of the House of Yesterday, were directed to be trans-^Tngeand Island of Canvey, in the County of Essex, was referred; mitted to the Clerk of this Mouse, to be by him laid PetitioD,* re- That the Committee had examined, and found that before the House; and that the said Returns were now ported.

the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Nash being examined said, That the Island

upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns be referred to the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the Practice and Effects of Imprisonment for Debt.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Air. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Accounts

Command, presented.

An Account of Money issued to several Persons at Money issued

of Canvey contains Three thousand Acres of Land, or the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s out of civil thereabouts; and is, from its low and open situation, greatly exposed to the Inundation of the Sea; and, in order to protect and preserve it. Walls, Embankments, and Works, have been raised and thrown up around it — That there are certain Lands within the said Island, called The Third Acre Lands, which are subject to, and chargeable with, the supporting, maintaining, and repairing the Walls, Embankments, and Works, for protecting and preserving all the Lands within the said Island, except a small

Quantity of Land called The Outsands, which are protected und preserved by the Owners thereof, at their own Expence — That the said Walls or Embankments are in so ruinous a Condition, from having been so

Civil List Revenues: And also, List'

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, j-()rAme- Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of rican Suf-His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, and of the Sum fere,s-which will be necessary to be issued from the same on the 5th of April 1792, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Civil Government.

Mr. Rose also presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties Frodureof of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents; respectively. Customs,

greatly injured and damaged by the Force and Vio- for One Year, ended the 10th of October 1791; dis- Ixclte-&c-

lence of the Sea, that although the whole Rents and Profits of the said Third Acre Lands have for several Years been applied in supporting and maintaining the said Walls, Embankments, and Works, the said Island is in Danger of being totally lost and destroyed, unless some further Provision be made for the Support and Maintenance thereof.

And the Witness added, That the Preservation of the said Island from the Inundation of the Sea, is not only of great Importance to the Owners thereof, but is also an Object of great Public Concern, as the Produce of the Land is considerable, and many Families are maintained in the Cultivation thereof.

tinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce and Pay- Customs, ments, into the Exchequer, of the Revenue of the Customs of Great Britain, between the loth October 1790 and 10th October 1791; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more: And also,

Returns of Lists of Per-

htOct.1791.

An Account of the Net Produce, paid into the Excise. Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise; distinguishing,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for as far as possible, the Produce upon every separate more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise Article, the Duty on which has amounted to £.1,000, improving the Island of Canvey, in the County of or more, between the 10th October 1790 and the 10th Essex: And that Mr. Bramston and Mr. Bullock do October 1791: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Stampc. the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 1 oth of October 1791: And also,

An

prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk confined of this House had received several Returns to the w Debt on Order of the House of the 6 th Day of June, in the Vo l.47.

Incidents. An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, m each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. l,oooo, or more, in the Pour Quarters from the 10th Day of October, 1790 to the 10th Day of October 1791: And also,

Customs, Ex- An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties rise, &c. of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year, ended the 5th of January 1792; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to £ 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year: And also,

Customs An Account of the Total Net Produce and Payments, into the Exchequer, of the Revenue of the Customs of Great Britain, between the 5th January 1791 and 5th January 1792; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce, paid into the Excise. Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce upon every separate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to 1,000,

or more, between 5th January 1791 and the 5th January 1792: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid in- Stamps, to the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 5th of January 1792: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into incidents, the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters from 5th January 1791 to 5th January 1792.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Issues out of As ACCOUNT of Money issued to several Persons at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's

Civil List. Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes following:

i 2 July 1791.

ljth November

>79l-

To Alexander Davison, Esquire, for the Purchase of sundry Articles of Merchandize, as Presents to the Inhabitants of the North-West Coast of America -To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

C To William Pollock, Esquire, to enable him to defray sundry Expences of the Creek and Cherokee Indians lately in England ——

To William Pollock, Esquire, to enable him to defray the Expences incurred in passing a Commission under the Great Seal, appointing Commissioners to examine and report upon the State of the Laws of Jersey relative to Trial by Jury; and to defray such Bills as may be drawn by the said Commissioners -To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7th February 1792.

£. s.

8,933 12 10 466 11 6

£. d.

9,400 4 4

2(k ——

664 11 —

10,329 15 4

George Rose.

Ditw. An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, and of the Sum which will be necessary to be issued from the same on the 3th of April 1792, for the following Service:

For defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Civil Government.

Issued 16th July 1791 Issued 24th October 1791 Issued 23d January 1792 To be issued 5th April 1792

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7th February 1792.

- - - 7,000

- - - - 7,000

- - - - 7,000

£. 7,000 48,000

George Rose.

An

32 Geo. III.

7° Februarii.

49

An ACCOMPT of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year, ended the loth of October 1791; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to One thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year;

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, for One Year, ended the 10th of October 1791, as per Accompt [A] - ....

Ditto - - of the Excise, for One Year, ended Ditto (exclusive of £.637,083. os. o the Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Accompt [BJ -

Ditto - - of the Stamp Duties, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt [C]

Ditto - - of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt [D]....

£. s. d. 3,827,586 4 ioi

7,406,422 10 41

J,337,628 ——

L

953,700 3 2 I

»4,525,336 18 6

Mm?*.

In the Sum of £.i,953,700- 3-s- 2Id., stated as the Amount of Incidents at the Exchequer, is included 109,970. 195. 5 Id., being the Amount of Imprest, and other Monies paid in there within the above Period.

Presented the 7th Day of February 1792, by

George Roue.

Vol. 47. O (A] An

Custom*, Excise, Sec.

50

7° Februarii

A.1792

Customs.

[A]

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Revenue of the Customs of Great Britain, between the loth October 1790 and the 10th October 1791; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £.1,000, or more.

SPECIES of GOODS.

SJO

3

Ashes, Pearl

----- - Pot

Barilla -

Beads, Coral Brimstone -Bristles, undrest -Capers -

Carpets, Turkey -Copper, unwrought Cork -Corn, Oats — - Wheat

Almonds, Bitter -Aloes, Cicotrina Cortex, Peru Ginseng Jalap -< Juniper Berries Quicksilver -Saccarum Saturni -Senna -

Succus Liquoritiae -Verdigrease -

x

Elephants Teeth -Feathers for Beds Glass Plates

Almonds, Jordan -

----- -- not Jordan

Cinnamon -Cloves Coffee Cocoa Currants Figs -Mace -<u / Nutmegs

g Pimento O Prunes

__ f Denia - - .

« J Lexia -

;s { Lipari - -

J Smyrna- -

I Solis -

Rice -

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, and Charges of Management.

Sugar, Brown, Old Duty _ ----- D", Additional Duty, 1791

Hair, Human.

----- Horse.

Hats, Chip ..

---- Straw.

1,384

1,152

22,117

120

11,302

4,t>73

783

i,47i

168

5,892

5,942

10,319

939

796

193 2,3°4 1,839 2,597 684 7,844 2,120

2,101 7,814 8,050

3,755

1,213 883 1,008 27,o43 2,531 97,45 3,797 1,327 2,041 77 6 9,333

20,219

5,588 8,062 13,338 i6,o47 1,0 06,003 144,311

1,23’

i,o87

2,777

83°

s. d.

16 41

14 10 }

6 1

18 3 i

7 11

19 8}

9 4

14 —

6 1

12 11 i

S 6*

11 3 i

1 6 11

19 1 k

4

18 7

11 1 i

14 1

17 4

13 1 I

9 6

2 9

8 2

6 9

6 4 i

9 1 i

1 10 I

19 7

8 2

4 9 I

14 8}

9 8 f

8 1 i

14 6

15 11 i

17 1 i

14 11 .

8 1

8 1 *

7 1 i

14 8

19 11

18 4 I

14 5

5

8

16 3

9 "I

Hemp, Rough -Hides, Losh Incle, wrought -Iron, Bar -Kelp -

Lemons and Oranges -

' Cam bricks -Canvas, Hessens -Spruce -

Damask Tabling, Silesia Diaper Napkining, Silesia Germany, Narrow Lawns, French -

----- --Sil* Holland, whited -

Broad, above Inches -above 31J -above 36

S3

J 3\

Drilling Narrow -Towelling and Napkining

Mats, Russia -

Nuts, Small -

Oil, Ordinary -

— Salad -

— Train -

Paper, Foolscap, Genoa, 2d Pitch -

Salt -

Seeds, Clover - -

{Raw, not India -

Thrown, not India Wrought, Crapes, &c.

Smalts -Spirits, Brandy ----- - Geneva -

---- Rum.

'Bear, Black.

Calf, Tanned.

----- Raw -

Deer, in Hair

cn

a

13 gn

cn /

s \

Goat, Tanned Kid, in Hair — Drest -Otter

Seal ... Wolf

Soap, Hard

Stones, Blocks of Marble Tar.

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, and Charges of Management.

£. s. d.

90,340 1 8.1

804 7 5

3,812 1 31

145,646 16 8 i

2,420 16 4 *

9,080 17 n i

12,391 8 5 i

17,638 10 9i

7,238 10 11 i

1,845 12 10 |

576 — l

33,379 15 4

2,413 10 4 »

22,160 1,816 17 7 i

11

i,575 1 5

4,783 8 —

1,095 3 10

i,343 15 9 i

2,647 13 4

19,490 — 31

5,339 4 7 I

7,734 14 2 f

1,232 12 11

629 19 5 I

1,870 9 9 i

3,285 17 7 i

45,304 2 7

187,102 1 1

L734 11 9

n,524 19 11 f

50,422 — 9

20,688 7 8 i

38,385 1 6

1,061 14

3,869 17 2 i

2,839 13 3 *

3,359

5,673

3,977

445

796

929

11

15

10

8

9

13

1,297 16 1,499 4 4,853 2

11

5 I

3i

5

11

7 i i i

Tapes,

SPECIES of GOODS.

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, and Charges of Management.

Tapes, Open Thread, Sisters Tobacco, Manufactured Tow -Turpentine Wax, Bees

(French -Madeira -Port

Rhenish -Spanish -

''Battens -Deals -Deal Ends -

Lathwood -

Masts, 12 Inches Diameter Oak Plank -

Paling Boards Scaleboards -

Staves. - -

Timber, Fir -

Wainscot Logs

Yam, Mohair ——

Sundry small Articles, the Duties whereof upon each, on Importation, did not amount to £. l,oooo

’ Allum -

Coals exported to Foreign Parts Lead -

Tin -

Sundry small Articles

Subsidies on Exportation of British Manufacture and < Produce - -

East India Goods, rated - — Ditto - unrated -

----- ----- 15 and 18 per Cent, on Callicoes and Muslins

Tea

Received from the Receivers General of the jCounties, on account of Window Tax Coals carried Coastways ——

Wine sent Coastways to London -

Remittances from the Plantations ——

Received of Mr. Pilkington, on account of Rent of Carabrick Warehouse Net Produce of the King’s Share of Condemned Tobacco - -

Total Charge - - - £.

£. s. 245 5 1,686 19

d.

231,567

1,618

13,708

4,146

21,690

22,965

402,418

3,281

85,889

14,182

132,470

4,54i

3,507

2,748

3,453

1,403

950

10,941

63,694

2,452

660

1

8 6 18

5

5

18

19

2

11 10 10

6 7

17

9

6

12 12

7

4 I

3

1

2

21

3i

4 81 1 I

10i

11

4 i 4

4k 7k 4k 4 *

9

3 i Si

1 10

111,764

1,968

104,611

30,142

5,925

16,921

H5,447 31,078 284,737 136,574 211,972 536,168 831 10,323

147

4,504

»7

15

18

13

3

8

13

8

14

14

11

11

10

17

10

8

10

6

6 i 10 101

1

5k

7

5 k

6

3

9 *

8*

4k

4,907,709 10 10 J

DISCHARGE:

By Bounties....

— Charges of Management ——

Paid to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, towards supporting the Three Supreme

Courts of Justice ----- -....

---- to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, to be distributed amongst indigent

Persons, in Terms of the Act of Union ——

— towards purchasing the Exemption of the Pitfarren Coals from Duty -

--- for fitting the Register Office, in which Office the Records of Scotland are kept -

— to Itinerant Preachers ——

- — into the Exchequer, on account of Consolidated Customs -

—— into the Exchequer, New Duties on Sugar, imposed by the Act of the last Session of Parliament ----- --....

Total Discharge -

£. d.

475,412 — 3

400,676 6

21,000 — —

23,000 — —

14,532 4 6

191 15 9

1,000 — —

3,827,586 4 10 }

144,311 5 —

4,907,709 10 10 i

Custom House, London,

February 7th, 1792. Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great

The Articles contained in this Account are the same as those given in the Account presented to Parliament in the Year preceding.

Vol. 47.

[B] EXCISE

Customs.

w

x

D

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

rT

[B].

EXCISE- — As ACCOUNT of the Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce upon every separate Article, the Duty on which has amounted

to £.1,000, or more, between the 10th October 1790 and the 10th October 1791.

Or

fcO

l/nder what HEADS paid in.

Auctions -Beer -

Bricks and Tiles -Candles -Coaches built for Sale -Cocoa Nuts and Coffee Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice Glass - -

Hides and Skins, Vellm and Parch ment -Hops -

Malt, perpetual Duty -Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar Paper

Printed Goods Soap -

c . fBritish PIn s ^Foreign Starch Sweets Tea -

Tobacco and Snuff, commencec 11 October 1789 Verjuice (with Cyder and Perry.) Vinegar (with Metheglin or Mead.) Wine ——

Wire ....

/Auctioneers (with Auctions.) Coachmakers (with Coaches.) Dealers in Coff. Choe, or Tea -Makers and Sellers of Wax and Spermaceti Candles (with Candles.)

Makers of, and Dealers in, Excise Commodities Retailers of Spirituous Liquors -

Ditto commenced 6 July 1787 Sellers of Gold and Silver Plate - - - .

Manufacturers and Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff (with Tobacco and Snuff.)

Duties cornm-l & - fBritish -5 Jan. 1791. J v L Foreign Malt -

Total of Duties, exceptMalt, Anni £. Anni Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry £.

Total of England - £.

First Quarter, from 10 Octoberl79C to 5 January 1791. Second Quarter, from 5 January 1791 10 5 April 1791. Third Quarter, from 5 April 1791 to 5 July 1791. Fourth Quarter, from 5 July 179L to 10 October 1791. Total Net Produce of the Four Quarters. _

£. s. d. £. 1. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

14,169 13,518 19,913 20,171 67,771

335.3>2 425*080 592,630 — — 496,780 1,849,811

45,269 11,456 1,355 47.950 106,030

61,735 110,631 89,372 40,540 302,278

572 435 419 811 2,237

10,39* 8,232 — 10,042 10,129 38,795

6,066 — 2,47i 3,991 8,520 21,048

33,7'9 41,707 — 29,765 38,452 143,643

49,221 65,613 — 53A51 59,895 227,780

- 93,865 1,815 — — 95,680

130*776 - 141,917 407,431 680,124 — —

5*173 1,798 — 2,959 13,673 23,603

17,581 16,669 13,236 — — 19,187 66,673

32,915 53»l35 26,071 60,146 172,267

91,639 70,925 — — 85,079 90,067 337,710

116,090 198,311 — 217,604 52,380 584,385

347,841 181,224 — 83,813 121,168 — — 734,046

22,707 23,821 — 23,33o 29,181 99.039

308 — — 1,421 — 6,249 5,167 13,145 — —

158,482 65,21410 4! 153,531 70,130 447-357 *° 4i

66,106 — — 78,550 — 80,727 78,512 303,895

88,381 58,687 — 66,758 104,879 318,705

301 801 — 442 593 2,137

3,367 — — 2,513 — 2,443 5,620 13,943

26,902 5,270 — — 3,001 5,614 40.787

Spirit & Wine Lie* Spt’ Lie' 1,127 Wine Sc Spt’ 167,689 —

153,177 10,749 — 2,636 Licences

Wine Lie* 287 Wine Licence 287 ——

2,079 1,710 _ — 1,712 2,720 8,221

13,845 — 34.777 11,024 59,646

- 8,644 — 16,436 26,087 — — 51,167

- 11,106 — — 28,987 68,430 108,523

1,820,280 1,483,545 10 4$ 1,886,111 1,898,486 7,088,422 10 4J1

129,185 4,685 158,380 331,333 623,583

‘>949,465 1,488,230 to 4J 2,044,491 2,229,819 7,712,005 10 4

An ACCOUNT of the Duties of Excise paid into the Exchequer, by the Commissioners of Excise in England, in One Year, between the 10th October 1790 and the 10th October 1791, on the Part of Scotland.

England Scotland

Perpetual Duties - £.

623,583

13>5oo

Total -

Under what HEADS paid in First Quarter, Second Quarter, Third Quarter, Fourth Quarter, Total Net Produce

from 10 October 1790 from 5 January 1791 from 5 April 1791 from 5 July 1791 of the

to 5 January 1791. to 5 April 1791. to 5 July 1791. to 10 October 1791. Four Quarters.

£. 5. d. £. 5. d. £. 5. d. £. s. d. £. 8. d.

Auctions - 1,000 1,000 — — - 1,000 3,000

Beer and Ale - - 4,000 5,000 3,000 12,000

Bricks and Tiles 1,000 1,000 2,000

Candles -Coaches Cocoa Nuts and Coffee 2,000 4,000 6,000 — —

General Licences Glass -Hides and Skins 3,000 1,000 3,000 — > — 2.000 3.000 3,000 3,000 12,000

Malt, perpetual Duty 9,000 7,000 4,000 7,000 27,000

Paper - 1,000 - 2,000 1,000 4,000

Printed Goods - 12,000 13,000 — — 13,000 9,000 — — 47,000

Soap - 12,000 — — 6,000 — — 7,000 11,000 36,000

0 fBritish Sj)irits< »-1 froreign 17,000 6,000 — — 9,000 14,000 9,000 28,000 — — " - - 35.000 48.000 — —

Starch - 2,000 2,000 — — 2,000 2,000 8,000

Tobacco and Snuff - 10,000 10,000 10,000 8,000 38,000 — —

Wine - 8,000 7,000 11,000 2,000 28,000 — —

f Tea - - - - 1,000 1,000

Licences \ Plate

fSpirit* Liquors - 1,000 2,000 3>oooo 1,000 7,000 — —

Malt, perpetual Duty, commd

5 January 1791 ... ... ... 1,000 1,000 —

Total of Duty, except Malt

Annual £. Annual Malt, Mum, Cyder, 85,000 80,000 103,000 — — 50,000 — 318,000

and Perry - 5,500 4,500 - 3,500; 13,500 J

Total of Scotland - £. 90,500 84,500 103,000 — — 53*500 \ 331,500 \

England - 7,088,422 10 4-

Scotland 318,000

-3

o

rv

-i

---,

7,406,422 to 4!

637,083 ----- -i

8,043,505 10 5

<0

to

1JZo/, A V r><*nrr» nft CZ on I

32 Geo. III

7° Februarii.

53

EC]

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamps Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to i,oooo/. or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th of October 1791.

Consolidated Duties -1 Insurance Duty -' Burials, &c.

Bills of Exchange Receipts -

Hats -Plate -

Post Horse Duty, &c. Medicine Came -Attornies Pawnbrokers -Glove -Perfumery Apprentice Duty

loth October 1790 to 5th January 1791

£. S. d.

157,93 ——

25,624 ——

19,557 ——

6,711 ——

1,704 ——

41,339 ——

2,025 ——

21,058 ——

9,054 — —

1,175 ——

1,556 ——

286,896 ——

Stamp Office, February 7th, 1792.

5th January to 5th April 1791.

£. s. d. 168,273 ——

32,383 ——

22,487 ——

10,524 ——

3,513 ——

11,647 ——

51,764 ——

2,705 ——

13,794 ——

5,185 — —

i,339 ——

i,470 ——

i,733 ——

326,817 ——

5th April to 5th of July 1791*

20,232

8,843

3,407

6,200

42,859

2,641

6,ni

5,966

1,225

1,661

2,5°6

297,826

5th of July to 10th of Oct. 1791.

£.s. d. 2i3,049 13 4 28,575 7 3 1,571 4 9 69,543 1 4 17,681 5 11 5,785 15 1 6,920 13 11 55,896 11 7

4,219 3 10 7,298 16 5 4,256 10 7 2,645 6 5 ' 3,522 15 9 2,525 13 2

TOTAL.

2,597

— 8

426,089 —

£. t. d.

706,902 13 4

114,270 7 3

i,57i 4 9 131,819 1 4

43,759 5 11 14,409 15 1

24,767 13 11

191,858 11 7

11,590 3 10 48,261 16 5 24,461 10 7

2,645 6 5

6,086 15 9

6,831 13 2 8,392 — 8

1,337,628 ——

J. Lloyd, pro Comptr.

r Bind

jir, Ba

jl Ticket,

Vo 1. 47.

[Dj An

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

[ D. ]

Ax ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the Four Quarters from the 10th Day of October 1,790 to the 10th Day of October 1791.

£. s. d.

375,8o8 17 3

156,000 — —

166,000 — —

25,907 12 7

1,440 — —

2,086 18 8

4,140 — —

13,300 — —

15,000 — —

39,440 — —

37,265 6 6

3,905 9 6i

20,048 — 4 £

93,oi7 3 —

29,988 6 11

148,017 2 1 I

34,472 3 5 \

17,938 1 2 i

10,997 — 4 I

113,059 15 8

2,7C5 9 —

23,064 —

371,661 2 1

137,766 18 8*

1,843,039 7 6}

689 16 3

1,843,729 3 9 i

Consol. Salt, 1787 -

Letter Money per Week -Letter Money, 1760 -

Seizures, 1760 -

Alum Mines -Alienation Duty -Hawkers, 1710 -Hackney Coaches, 1711 - - D® - - 1784

6 d.per Lib. on Pensions 1 s. Deduct on Salaries

First Fruits....

Tenths ——

Male Servants, 1785 -Female D° -

Four-Wheel Carriages, 1785 Two Wheel D* -Waggons, D*

Carts, - D*

Horses, - D*

Shops, - D® -

10/. per Cent, on Assessed Taxes, 1790 Houses and Windows, 1766-Houses, 1778 - -

The Produce of the Duties under 1,000l. amount to the Sum of

Money paid by Rob' Rashleigh, et al. for the Sale of the Brig Relief ——

Imprest Money repaid by Lord Heathfield, Exor. of the late Lord Heathfield, late Gov' of Gibraltar, from 1st June 1777 to 31st May 1787 ——

- - - D® - - by Henry Charles Litchfield, Esq. - -

Money paid by Tho* Cotton, Esq. remitted by Tho* Carlton, lieu* Govr of New Brunswick, towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Province ——

- - D® - by Jo* White, on Account of George Hesse, late Agent to 70th Regiment Imprest Money repaid by Rob' Mackenzie, Esq. for the Use of the Militia in North America Imprest Money repaid by Rob' Pringle, Esq. late Colonel of the Newfoundland Regiment of Foot -

- - - 1)° - - by Wm Crosbie, Esq. Col. of a Company in America -

Money paid by Wm Mitford, Esq. on Account of the Public Debt, transmitted from Canada -Imprest Money repaid by Tho* Coutts and Andrew' Clinton, Exors. of Eliz'h Campbell, Extrix. of John Campbell, late Agent for Georgia - -

- - - D° - - by Andrew Clinton, late Barrack Master ——

Money paid by Ed. Armstrong, Esq. on Account of 8,k Regiment ——

D® - by Win. Brummell, Esq. on Account of Out-Pensiotiers, Chelsea Hospital *

- D° - by Ross and Ogilvie, on Account of Independent Companies. -

Imprest Money repaid by Alex' Trotter, Esq. on Account of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Bart, late Treasurer of the Navy ——

- - - D® - - by Ed. Beeston Long and David Barclay, Esq", on Account of Forces in

North America - --..... -

- - - D® -

- - - D® -

Interest on - D®

by Major Boleyn Douglas, late Paymaster of Troops under General Meadows by Tho* Harley and Henry Drummond, Esq" -

by - - - D®....

Money paid by Ed. Roberts ——

Money paid by Senhouse Wilson, late Depy Recr Gen1 of the Isle of Man -

- D'

- - D°

- - ir

- - D®

- - D®

- - D°

- - D®

- - D®

- - D°

- - D®

Thomas Steele, Esq. for Interest on 187,000/, for Conscience Sake -

by M ess" Meyrick, for Sale of Commissions -- - - Bisshop and Brummell, for D®

by Alex* Adair, for D*

by Mess" Ross and Ogilvie, for D* - - - L

by Mess" Fitter and Croasdale, for D*

by Fountain Elwin, on Account of 70th Regiment -

by Mountagu Wilkinson, on Account of the late Corps of Queen’s Rangers

by Charles Peace, Esq. on Account of Slave Trade -

Exchequer, the 7th Day of February 1792.

Total of Incidents

Ex. Newcastle.

4 £

£. s.

47 16

495 6 80 16

316 14

2.000 — 1,446 8 1,200 —

614 3

9.000 —

20 11 152 11

6.000 —

3.000 — 1,872 19

2,018 5

d.

2 I 10 i

10

7

-I

4 i

3

7,34 1 19 500 — 37,4o6 7

12,441 3 718 19 2,180 10 4,026

25

3,432 700 699 4,080 17 648 6

4,5oo — 3,000 — 4 7

7 I

5*

6 —

8 6

1,953,700 3 2*

<1

m 3

10 3.

6 *

109,970 19 51 1,843,729 3 9* ----- ----- ----- -- feO

32 Gfco. III.

7° Februarii,

55

An Act CO MPT of the Total Pfodude of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, Customs, for One Year, ended the 5th Day of January 1792; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Exc se> e Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to One thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year; viz.

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, for One Year, ended the 5th Day of January 1792, as per Accompt (A ) ——

Ditto of the Excise, for One Year, ended Ditto (exclusive of £.643,892. oj. o\d. the Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Accompt (B)

Ditto of the Stamp Duties, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt -

Ditto of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt (D) - -

£. s. d.

3,719,128 1J 2|

7,495,740 10 41

1,404,422 ——

2,152,378 19 7

14,771,670 3 24

— In the Sum of £.2,152,378. 19$. 7 stated as the Amount of Incidents at the Exchequer, is included £.150,843. 11 being the Amount of Imprest, and other Monies, paid in there within the above Period.

Presented pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, this 7th Day of February 1792, by

George Rose.

V ol. 47.

(4) An

Customs.

56

7° Februarii.

A. 1792.

(A)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Revenue of the Customs of Great Britain, between the 5th January 1791 and the 5th January 1792; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more.

SPECIES OF GOODS.

East India

Ashes, Pearl -

----- - Pot

Barilla -Beads, Coral -Books, bound -Bottles, Glass -Brimstone Bustles, Undrest Bugle, Great -Callicoes, E. India -Canes, Walking Capers -Carpets, Turkey China Ware -Copper, Unwrought Cork -Corn, Oats

----- Wheat -

f Almonds, Bitter Aloes Succotrina

Balsam Capavi -Benjamin Borax, Refined Buds of Cassia Cassia Lignea -Cortex Peru Cream of Tartar Gambogium Ginseng -[ Copal ElGuiaci rjj Senega [Tragacanth Jalap -Juniper Berries Lead, Black Manna -Oil, Perfumed - — Turpentine Opium -Quicksilver

----- ----- -E. India -

Radix Ipecacuana Rhubarb -

----- ---- E. India

Saccarum Saturni Sarsaparilla Senna -Succus Liquoritioe Tamarinds Verdi grease Dye Stuffs, Shellack

----- ----- --Smalts -

Elephants Teeth

Feathers for Beds -Fish, Anchovies

----- Oysters -

Fruit, Lemons and Oranges ----- Nuts, small -

tf)

3

U

A

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties and Charges of Management.

E. India -

1,086

754

22,177

132

f>55

1,329

7,213

3,767

1,312

96

1,134

651

1,452

16,050

167

6,039

6,283

9>776

721

743

275

36

s.

1

7

16

5

18 1

14

4

5

19 18

15 18 12

16

14

5

8

13

14

6

200 16 30 2

d.

3 i

4 f 7 81 6 10 81 ni

4

1

3*

6

9

2 i 4

10 £

1 i

2

10

6 i

7

9*

4

6*

1,683 7 11 i 1,388 14 9

773

16

545

66

886

2,993

3i3

649

434

21

606

2,049

352

18

18 10

9

19

5

15

1

14

8

13

19

9

5

9

1

11

6

1

11

9 11

1 i

7

7 £

225 8 8

2,347

2,248

581

6,587

616

1,810

4 51 4 8| 9 5 1 7 —

4 2 £

7 —

SPECIES OF GOODS.

Glass Plates -Glue -

f Almonds, Jordan ----- ----- not Jordan

Anniseeds Cinnamon Clove3

----- - E. India

u*

OJ

U

2

O

Cocoa

Coffee

E. India

Currants

Figs

Ginger

Mace

E. India

N utmegs

- E. India

Pepper Pimento -Prunes

Denia Faro Lexia Li pari Smyrna Solis

9,835 11 Ilf 2,150 6 3

8,342 14 11 1,032 19 2 3,060 5 — 8,964 9 7

3,175 1 10

Rice -

---- E. India -

Sago -

Succades -

Sugar, Brown -

----- D® New Duty -

Tea - -

Turmerick -

Hair, Horse -

---- Human -

Hats, Chip -

---- Straw -

Hemp, rough -Hides, Indian -

----- Losh -

----- Ox or Cow -

Incle, Wrought

Iron, Bar.

---- Cast -

Kelp

c

0)

c

Cambricks -Canvas, Hcssens -

----- -- Spruce -

Damask Tabling, Silesia -Diaper Napkining, Silesia Germany, Narrow, not above 31 £ Lawns, French -

----- -Silesia Holland, Whited -

Broad, above 22 £ Inches -

----- -above 31 f

above 36

3

a?

Drilling -Narrow -

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties and Charges of Management.

Towelling and Napkining -

£. s. d.

7,880 17 3 i

446 — 4

2,791 19 1 £

1,250 11 2 i

i,994 1 10

879 3 11

1,067 10 7 1

9i 4 2 £

1,768 2 8

16,393 4 6i

5,970 9 3 £

103,883 18 10 }

2,629 5

L497 4 41

— 6 7

2,359 6 n

12 10 3

22,089 — n i

8,758 10 10*

7,679 11 1 i

29,054 9 9 i

199 13 1

12,215 12 6*

5,4io 2 10 i

6,973 3 1 £

16,144 4 1 i

7,250 13 71

75 / 11

1,701 — 11

626 14 7

1,044,053 8 7l

221,024 7 10 i

120,105 9 6

131 1 9 1

793 5 5

75° 14 6

2,804 11 7

756 6 4

64,623 *5 I &

557 9 11

3,729 6 3

4,'i 13 8 ii

148,638 16 3

1,824 6

2,031 11 I z

12,548 8 3 £

17,887 7 11

4,039 8 10

1,300 7 4

326 28,852 11 17

2,733 17 8 £

13,667 10 2 {

1,502 8 4 i

2,247 11 6 I

' 4,352 — 1 £

881 12

Mats,

32 Geo. Ill

7° Februarii,

57

SPECIES OF GOODS.

Mats, Russia -Molasses -

Muslins, E. India -

Oil, Ordinary -

---- Sallad -

---- Train - -

Paper, Foolscap, Genoa, Second Pictures - - - .

Pitch -

Salt....

Salt Petre -

----- ---- E. India *

Seeds, Clover -I Raw -

Bengal, Raw -g < China, D" - -

Thrown - -

Wrought Shells, Mother of Pearl -Bear, Black Beaver -

Cal£ Undressed

---- Tanned -

Deer, in Hair -Fox, Ordinary Goat, Tanned -Kid, Dressed -

---- Undressed

Martin -Mink -

Musquash Otter -Raccoon Seal -Wolf -Snuff ..... Soap, Hard -Spirits, Brandy

----- -Geneva

----- --Rum -

Stones, Blocks of Marble -Tapes, Open *

Tar - -

Thread, Sisters Tobacco, Brazil — ..... Manufactured -

co

.s

JX

CA

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties and Charges of iManagement.

1,442

1,092

128,268

19.643

3.599

7,566

080

2,143

550

2,0.57

84

14,805

3,7io

46,120

44,386

23,889

164,031

700

1,663

1,091

2,392

4,254

3,334

696

5,286

504

3,464

478 45 180 1,026 237 907 1,402 760 1,122 44,663 21,709 36,285 1,510 322 4,434 2,011

s. d. 10 2

'4 2

12 7

13 — f

2 9

5 —

— 5 10 —

7

9

10

3

6

9 3

18

— 2

4 £

6

2

2

5 10

9

13

10

2

12

6

10

11

10

12 18

8

1

8

8

15

7

3

6

15

16

3

15

7

17

SPECIES OF GOODS.

o

o

o

6

9

1 I

2 11

9

7 i

10 i

9

11 i

7 I

1

11

8 6

2 k

7

11 ! 3k n i 1

7i

10

230,674 14 6

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties and Charges of Management.

Customs.

Tow....

Turpentine -Wax, liees -' French -

v Madeira -

.5 I Fort - -

& I Rhenish -

Spanish -Balks -

Battens -Deals -Deal Ends -

Lath wood -

Masts -

Oak Plank

--- limber -

Paling Boards Scaleboards -

Staves -

Timber, Fir -

Uiers -

Wainscot Boards -

----- --Logs

Yarn, Cotton ----- Mohair -

Coals carried Coastwise -Wine sent Coastwise to London -Kina’s Share of Condemned Tobacco -Subsidy on Alum

----- -011 Coals exported to Foreign Parts ——

----- -on Lead -

----- on Tin -

Subsidy on other Goods exported Recd irotn the Receivers General of Window l ax -

Remittances from the Plantations Duty on Wine, from the Receiver General of Excise -

Sundry small Articles, the Produce upon each of which did not amount to £.1,000....

Total Charge - -

£. s. d.

1,102 5 5 k

13,386 ' 18 2 I

4,779 15 6

24.641 5 5 i

26,147 18 2 i

406,179 8 7 i

3,7 >2 5 3i

84,090 8 — i

1,701 10 4

13,969 5 11 i

125,897 '7 ll i

4,241 6 9i

3,060 2 2 i

2,450 1.5 10

3,103 18 l

725 — l

1,292 2 1 i

696 17 8

9>°3i 15 ll i

63,821 8 3 i

1,463 6 5

i,392 18 10 i

2,410 12 11

794 l6 1

833 8 4

553,688 15 3

952 3 —

2,228 14 1 X

3,24i 3 1

10,5,949 15 10 I

26,651 14 9 i

5,820 2 I 4

25,505 5 9*

228,441 16 3

12,600 18 9

1,027 5 10 £

146,73213 7

4,871,126 11 6 $

~ DISCHARGE:

By Bounties paid -..... ——

— Charges of Management -

— Payments to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, towards supporting the Three Supreme

Courts of Justice -

— Payments to 1)*, to be distributed amongst indigent Persons, by Act of Union

Paid Itinerant Preachers ——

---- for fitting the Register Office for keeping the Records - -

---- for purchasing the Exemption of the Pitfarren Coals from Duty -

---- into the Exchequer, Consolidated Customs - -

---- into the Exchequer, the Produce of the New Duty imposed upon Sugar by the Act of last Session of Parliament -

Total Discharge - -

P. S. The Articles in the above Account, the Net Produce of which does not amount to £.1,000, yielded a £.1,000 and more Gross.

£. s. (1.

498,722 14 9*

395A93 13 11

21,000 — —

22,000 — —

1,000 — —

191 15 9

7,332 4 /

3,719.128 13 2 £

206,257 9 3

4,871,126 11 61

Custom House, London, February 7th, 1792.

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Vol. 47.

(B.)-EXCISE.

w

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

n

o

0§

7T

(B.)

EXCISE.-

----- An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer of the Duties of Excise; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce upon every separate Article, the Duty on which has

amounted to £.1,000, or more, between the 5th January 1791 and the 5th January 1792.

Under what Heads paid in.

Auctions -

Beer -

Bricks and Tiles -Candles -

Coaches built for Sale Cdcoa Nuts and Coffee Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice

Glass....

Hides and Skins, Veil® and Parchment -Hops -

Malt, perpetual Duty Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar Paper -

Printed Goods.

Spirits

British -

Foreign -

Starch -

Sweets -

Tea - - .

Tobacco and Snuff, commenced 11 October 1789 -Verjuice (with Cyder and Perry) Vinegar (with Metheglin or Mead)

Wine....

Wire -

cAuctioneers (with Auctions) Coach Makers (with Coaches) Deal* in Coffee, Chocolate, or Tea -Makers and Sellers of Wax and Sperm. Candles {with Candles) -Makers of, and Dealers in, Excise Commodities

Retailers of Spirit. Liquors "I Ditto, commenced 6 July V 1787 ... j

Sellers of Gold & Silver Plate Manufacturers and Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff (with Tobacco and Snuff)

Duties commd 1 Spirits 5 Jan* 1791 / P iFore‘gn

0>

O V S3 >\ o o

3

Malt

Total of Duties, except Malt Anni Annual Malt Mum, Cyder, and Perry -

Total of England - £.

t First Quarter, Second Quarter, Third Quarter, Fourth Quarter, TOTAL

from 5 January 1791 from 5 April 1791 from 6 July 1791 to lroru lOOctuI jer 1791 Net Produce of the

to 5 April 1791. to 5 July 1791. 10 October 1791. to b January 1792. Four Quarters.

£. 5. d. £.s. d. I s. d. £. *. d. £. j. d.

13.518 — 19,9*3 20,171 — — 17,371 — . — 70,973 — —

425,089 — 593,630 496,780 — — 365,979 — 1,880,478 —

11,456 — — 1,355 47,950 — — 54,621 — — 115,382 __ -

110,631 — 89,372 40,540 — — 58,907 — 299,450 — —

435 419 811 — — 649 — *,3H — , —

8,232 — 10,042 10,129 — — 12,791 — 41,194 _ . —

2,471 3,99* 8,520 — — 4,392 — 19,374 — —

41,707 29,765 38,452 — — 32,133 — — 142,057 — —

65,613 - — 53,051 — — 59,895 _ 53,394 — — 231,953 — _ j

- 93,865 1,815 — — - - 95.680 — 1

- 141,917 407,431 — — 147,187 — 696,535 —

1,798 — 2,959 13,673 — — 5,420 — 23,850 —

16,669 13,236 19,187 — — 17,413 — 66,505 — —

63, L35 26,071 60,146 — — 52,137 — 191,489 —

70,925 — 85,079 90,067 — — 99,338 — 345,409 —

198,311 — 217,604 52,380 — — 123,821 — 592,116 —

181,224 83,813 121,168 — — 187,013 — 573,218 — — ,

23,821 23,330 29,181 — — 27,941 — 104,273 —

1,421 6,249 5,167 — — 445 — — 13,282 _

65,214 10 4i 153,531 70,130 — — 159,834 448,709 10 4f

78,550 80,707 78,512 — — 78,472 — 316,261 — —

— -

58,687 — — 66,758 104,879 — — 106,225 — 336,549 —

801 442 593 401 2,237 —

2,513 2,443 5,620 — — 3,345 — 13,921 — —

5,270 3,001 5,614 30,355 44,240 —

Spt5 and "Wine Licencei Sp1 Liqr 1,127 — 148,952 — Spt'and Wine Lie* 13>3&5 —

10,749 2,636 — — Wine Lie* 287 Sp'Miq" 150,079 _ — *

— — 26,580 — Wine Lie* 26,867 - — —

1,710 1,712 2,720 " ' 2,185 _ — 8,327 — *

13,845 34,777 — — 11,024 — — 19,057 — — 78,703 — —

8,644 16,436 26,087 — — 37,031 — — 88,198 — —

11,106 — — 28,987 68,430 — 37,209 — — 145,732 — "I

1,483,545 20 4| 1,886,111 — — 1,898,486 — — i,910>598 — — 7,178,740 10 4ij

4,685 158,380 331,333 — — - 136,494 — 630,892 — —

1,488,230 10 4i 2 >044,491 2,229,819 — — 2,047,092 — 7,809,632 10 4 i

An ACCOUNT of the Duties of Excise paid into the Exchequer by the Commissioners of Excise in England, in One Year, between 5 January 1791 and the 5 January 1792, on the Part of Scotland.

Under what Heads paid in.

Auctions -Beer and Ale -

Bricks and Tiles Candles -Coaches -

Cocoa Nuts and Coffee General Licences Glass -

Hides and Skins Tea

Malt, perpetual Duty

Paper -

Printed Goods -

Soap.

e f British Spirits < r 1 foreign

Starch

Tobacco and Snuff -Wine

[Tea Licences < Plate

[Spirit* Liquors Malt, perpetual Duty, comm* 5 Jan/ 1791 -

Total of Duties, except Malt, Annual Annual Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry -

Total of Scotland -

England Scotland -

England

Scotland

7,178,740 10 4; 317,000 ——

Perpetual Duties -

630,893 — 13,000 —

Annual Malt, drc. -Total

7.495.740 10 4|

643,892 ----- -1

8,139.632 10 5

00

First Quarter, from 5 January 1791 to 6 April 1791. Second Quarter, from 5 April 1791 to 5 July 1791. Third Quarter, from 5 July 1791 to 10 October 1791. I Fourth Quarter, from 10 October 1791, to 5 January 1792. TOTAL Net Produce of the Four Quarters.

£. 5. d. £. S. d. £. d. £. 8. d. £. *. d.

1,000 — - 1,000 1,000 3,000

4,000 5,000 3,000 — — i 10,000 22,000 — —

1,000 . - 1,000 2,000

- 4,000 - 2,000 6,000

1,000 2,000 — — - - 3,000

3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 — — 12,000

7,000 4,000 7,000 10,000 28,000

... 2,000 1,000 2,000 5,000

13,000 13,000 9,000 16,000 51,000

6,000 7,000 — — 11,000 3,000 27,000

9,000 9,000 - 12,000 — — 30,000

14,000 — — 28,000 3,000 45,000

2,000 2,000 2,000 — — 2,000 — — 8,000

10,000 10,060 8,000 10,000 38,000 — —

7,000 11,000 2,000 9,000 29,000

... 1,000 — — - 1,000 — —

2,000 3,000 1,000 6,000

- 1,000 . 1,000

80,000 103,000 50,000 — 84,000 — 317,000

4>5°° . 3,500 — 1 . 5,000 — 13,000

84,500 — 103,000 53,500 — \ \ 89,000 — — 330,000

-J

o

O-

"4

Si

a

3.

Excise Office, London,

let Fphrunrv 1 70 2

Jas JVehb, Accomp* Gen1. f7u‘ Browne, p. Comptr.

32 Geo. III.

7° Februarii

59

(C)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from stamp*, the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to i,oooo/. or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 5th January 1792.

5th January to 5th April 1791. 5th of April to 5th of July 1791. 5th of July to 10th of October 1791. 10th of October to 5th January 1792. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. S. d.

Consolidated Duties - 168,273 168,487 213,049 13 4 172,394 722,203 13 4

Insurance Duty 32,383 27,688 28,575 7 3 27,101 H5,747 7 3

Burials, &c. - - - i,57i 4 9 - 1,571 4 9

Bills of Exchange - 22,487 20,232 69,543 1 4 36,476 — 148,738 1 4

Receipts 10,524 8,843 17,681 5 ii 9,307 — 46,355 5 11

Hats - - - 3,513 3,407 Ox 00 15 1 2,689 — 15,394 15 1

Plate - 11,647 6,200 6,920 13 11 6,756 — 31,523 13 11

Post Horse Duty, &c. 51,764 42,859 55,896 11 7 48,115 — 198,634 11 7

Medicine 2,705 2,641 4,219 3 10 2,505 — 12,070 3 10

Game - 13,794 6,111 7,298 16 5 26,368 — 53,571 16 5

Attornies .5,185 5,966 4,256 10 7 9,299 — - 24,706 10 7

Pawnbrokers - 2,645 6 5 - m 2,645 6 5

Glove - 1,339 1,225 3,522 J5 9 - 6,086 15 9

Perfumery 1,470 1,661 2,525 13 2 1,250 6,906 13 2

Add1 Game - 10,106 10,106 — —

Apprentice Duty i,733 2,506 2,597 — 8 1,324 8,160 — 8

326,817 297,826 426,089 — 353,690 1,404,422

__ Stamp Office,

1‘ebruary 7 th 1792. J. Lloyd, pro Comptr. J. Bindley,

IV. Baillie, R. Ttckell, J. Byng.

Vol. 47. An

3

ST

D

CQ‘

N'

CD

CL

CT

o

o

eg

FT

(D.

As ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters from the 5th January 1791 to the 5th January 1792.

Consolidated Salt, 1787

Letter Money per Week Letter Money, 1760 -Seizures, D*

Alum Alines, D°

Alienation Duty, D® - -

Hawkers, 1710 -Hackney Coaches, 1711

D° ..... 1784 -

6J.per Lib. on Pensions -1 s. Deduct, on Salaries -

First Fruits of the Clergy -Tenths D* -Male Servants, 1785 -Female D° - D°

Four-Wheel Carriages, D° -

Two-Wheel - D° - D# -

Waggons - D® -

Carts.....D® -

Horses - D° -

Shops - D® -

£ 10. perCent. on Assessed Taxes, 1790 Houses and Windows, 1766 -Inhabited Houses, 1779 .

The Produce of the Duties under 1,000,

in the above Period, amount to the Sum of -

£ s. (1.

382,800 8 10

156,000 — —

173,000 — —

34,558 9 8

2,086 18 8

3,498 11 4

13,100 — —

14,600 — —

44,78o — —

.10,948 6

3,905 9 6|

10,033 1 11 i

103,349 18 7 2

34,46i 1 4 i

173,846 16 3i

41,281 10 1 £

21,105 18 6*

11,953 16 8 I

126,651./ 15 4f

2,762 4 11 *

53,504 8 10

400,471 — 8 i

151,231 4

1,999-939 O if

1,596 10 6

2,ooi,535 12 7 i

Money paid by Charles Peace, on Account of the Slave Trade - -

D° - by Senhouse Wilson, Esqr, late Deputy Receiver General of the Isle of Man D® - by Charles Long, Esqr, for Interest of 187,000l. by Act 29 Geo. III. -Imprest Money repaid by Robert Pringle, Esq', late Colonel of the Newfoundland Regiment of Foot D° - - - - by William Crosbie, Esq', Colonel of a Company in America.

Money paid by William Mitford, Esq', on Account of the Public Debt, transmitted from Canada Imprest Money repaid by Thomas Coutts and Andrew Clinton, Executors of Elizabeth Campbell, Executrix, of John Campbell, late Agent for Georgia -D°, - - - - by Andrew Clinton, late Barrack Master ——

Money' paid by Edmund Armstrong, Esq', on Account of 8th Regiment -

D° - by W’illiam Brummell, Esq', on Account of Out-Pensioners Chelsea Hospital 1 D°1 - by Messrs. Ross and Ogilvie, on Account of Independent Companies - -

Imprest Money repaid by Alexander Trotter, Esq', on Account of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Bart, late Treasurer of the Navy ——

D® - - - - by Ed. Beeston Long, and David Barclay, Esq", on Account of Forces in North

America ——

D® - - - - by Major Boleyn Douglas, late Paymaster of Troops under General Meadows

D® - - - - by Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esq" -

Interest on D® by D® -

Imprest Money repaid by Henry W’illiam Pomroy, and Render Mason, Esq", Executors of Render

Mason, on Account of an Agreement for victualling 3,000 Militia in East Florida ——

D® - - - - by Lieutenant Colonel George Clerke, late Barrack Master General in North

America ——

D® - - - - by Daniel Macknamara, Esq', Executor of Richard Rigby, Esq', late Paymaster of the Forces ——

D® - - - - by Peregrine Francis Thomas, Esq' ——

Money paid for Conscience Sake ——

D® - by Messrs. Meyricks, for Sale of Commissions -

D® - by Messrs. Bishopp and Brummell, for D®

D® - by Alexander Adair, Esq', for D® -D® - by Messrs. Ross and Ogilvie, for D®

D® - by M essrs. Fitter and Croasdaile, for D® -

D® - by James Russell, Esq', for D® ——

D" - by Nathaniel Collyer, Esq', for D° ——

D® - by M essrs. Lambc and Cock, for D® ——

D® - by Messrs Cox and Greenwood, for D* -

D° - by Edmund Armstrong, Esq', lor D® -

D® - by Humphrey Donaldson, Esq', for D® -

D* - by Fountain Elwin, Esq', on Account of the 70th Regiment

D® - by Montagu Wilkinson, on Account of the late Corps of Queen’s Rangers

Total of Incidents

Exchequer,

the 7^h Day of February 1791

4

1,660

7

10

d.

6

5*

4,026 16 11 1,200 — 614 3 9,000 ——

____x

4,

20 11 152 11

6.000 —

3.000 — 1,872 19

2,018 5

6

6

6

6

o>

O

41

3

9

8 i

7,341 19 ni

500 ——

37,406 7 10 £

12,441 3 —

2,000 — —

140 2 4 ♦

16,884 15 6 8118 4

25 —

5,98i 7

1,498 17

2,201 6

5,794 15

648 6

549 8 549 8 1,101 18

13,628 8

3,198 10

i,799 8 4,500 — 3,000 —

15c,843 6 ill

2,001,535 12

Ex. 4^ Newcastle.

2,152,378 19 7

-3

o

7 i

— I

<0

fcO

32 Geo. III. T Februarii. 61

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for execut- Estimate of Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. ing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Navy Debt Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to Pr*wnt,d-Ten last of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be His Majesty,

sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House. An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as

it stood on the 31st December 1791.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John William Hentig: The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 47.

R

Navy

Navy Debt.

1st

Navy Office, 1 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on 1 February 1792. J tioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1

the Heads hereafter noen-7 91-

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c., supplied for the Service thereof ——

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, &c., for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1791; as also to several Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off - -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1791 -To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, &c.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -For paying off all Bills entered on their Course -

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1791 -For N ecessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies - -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate, received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and Contingencies relating to that Office -

The Total amounts to Three Million Eight Forty-three thousand Two hundred Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence From thence deducting the Money in the Treasurer’s Hands -And also the Money that remained to come in of the Supplies -The Debt will then be Two million Three hundred and One thousand Two hundred and Eighty Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence Half-penny -

hundred and and Thirty-eight

as on the other Side

Particulars.

£ A', d.

1,421,478 5 2 'j

82,994 2 11 |

226,730 ——

118,046 7 gJ

395,294 18 7

235,202 16 2 116,758 4 9

31,272 15 6> J,i4i,55o 12 —

14,009 9 6

9,i"o 13 5

10,649 ——

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, beween the 1 st January and 31st December 1791

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling (which is also included in this Debt) that the Expence of victualling Land Forces, between 1st January and 31 December 1791 is - -

363,161 14 1

1,178,795 18 — ij

72,274 7 9

10,370 2 9

82,644 10 6

TOTAL.

£. #. d.

1,849,248 15 10

747,255 19 6

1,206,652 10 5

40,080 15 7

3,843,238 1 4

i,54L957 12 1 f

2,301,280 9 2 *

Man.

J\lcmdum.___There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1791, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

<J satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

In what Treasurer’s Hands.

Right honb,e Welbore Ellis

Right honb,e Isaac Barrfe

Right hon*1* Henry Dundas (1st Tp) -

Right honb,° Charles Townshend

Right honbu Henry Dundas, 2d T* (Old Account) -

In Money.

In Money ——

Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

fin Money -

l^Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen.

1 In Money ——

J Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

1 In Money - -

[Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen]

Jin Money -

I Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

Ditto, New Account - towar(js the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

On the Heads of

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

5»373 2 1

3.289 9 10 3,602 11 11 i 3,145 2 61

4,854 6 —

163,466 10 9 {

Seamens Wages.

£. s. d. 1,104 10 2 I

545 9 1

2,976 1 1

10 17 9

3,365 4 11 10 14 11

2,645 17 —

1 3 6

176 13 8-1

32 3 101

132,774 13 6

3,619 5 91

183,731 3 3

147,262 15 4*

Victuals.

£. s. d. 229 3 71

88 5 4 124 2 3* 643 17 1i

821 11 4

30,260 15 91

32,167 15 6

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

7,252 5 —

6,364 14 — 7,102 14 2 6,436 — 1 |

J 5,884 14 11

\ 330,121 5 101

363,161 14 1 I

There remained, on the 31st December 1791, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies -

O

2.

Henry Martin. Geo. Rogers.

J. Henslaw. fV.Bellingham.

£. s. d. 1,178,795 18 —

Geo. Marsh. Sam JVallis.

O

CO

32 Geo. III. 7° Februani.

7° Februarii. A. 1792.

Ordnance

Estimate

presented.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. for the year 1792 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Mr. Crawfurd presented to the House, pursuant to The said Estimate is as followeth; their Address to His Majesty,

EXPENSE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not

provided for by Parliament; — Viz.

On Account of Debt, to 31st December 1783. £ s d

Paid Debts incurred previous to 31st December 1783, and which have been settled since that Period ----- ----- ---- 877 11 2

On Account of 1790.

ANTIGUA.

Paid Bills of Exchange, on Account, for erecting Powder Magazines, and a Storehouse, for Service of the Navy ——

d.

1

ST. CHRISTOPHER.

Paid Bills of Exchange, on Account of the Armament, £. s.

since the Estimate for that Service was voted - - *,555 14

Paid Bills of Exchange, on Account of Works, Current

Service, and Contingencies.....9,785 1 8

DOMINICA.

Paid Bills of Exchange, on Account of the Armament,

since the Estimate for that Service was voted - - 5,974 2 3

Paid Bills of Exchange, on Account of Works, Current

Service, and Contingencies ----- 3,881 17 2

BARBADOES.

Paid Bills of Exchange, on Account of the Armament,

since the Estimate for that Service was voted -

GRENADA.

Paid Bills of Exchange, on Account of the Armament,

since the Estimate for that Service was voted - - 1,473 *9 n

Paid Bills of Exchange, on Account of Works, Current

Service, and Contingencies ----- 5,385 10 10

4,874 3 3

n,340 15 9

9,855 19 5

10,295 9 3

6,859 10 9

43,225 18 5

44,103 9 7

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1792.

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants employed at the Tower....

And at the following Places; viz.

Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder Inspector of Artillery at D*, and for proving Guns -Superintendent of Military Machines at D*

Hampton Court, and St. James’s, Windsor, and Greenwich Woolwich ——

Purfleet -

Gravesend , and Tilbury ——

£. s. d.

15,49s 8 — -

3,076 5 . _

L377 12 6

310 226 5 —

570 605 2 6

255 — —

£. 3. d.

Chatham

7° Februarii.

Chatham ——

Upnor Castle ——

Sheemess -.....-

Feversham ——

Waltham Abbey - -

Dover -' ——

Portsmouth ——

Priddy’s Hard ——

Plymouth - - - *

Keyham Point - -

Pendennis, Scilly Island, Chester Castle, and Liverpool, Ber-Storek'* at wick, Carlisle, Tinmouth Castle, and Clifford’s Fort, Hull,

Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort -Guernsey ——

Jersey ---....

Isle of Man ——

Rent for Use of Land and Houses - -- -- - 520 17

£. s. d.

663 17 6

144 15 —

380 — —

583 17 6

523 17 6

120 — —

823 17 6

303 17 6

653 *7 6

170 ~

430 ——

448 2 6

448 2 6

100

520 *7

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service -

r North Britain -Gibraltar -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers, at -

Jamaica

St. Christopher ——

Antigua ——

Dominica -

St. Vincent ——

Barbadoes -

Grenada - -

Bahama Islands ——

Quebec ——

Halifax ——

Annapolis ——

New Brunswick ——

St. John’s and Placentia, in Newfoundland -

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James’s Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Postage of Letters, and other Contingencies ——

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several small Forts, Castles, Garrisons, and other Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the same, at the several Barracks, Forts, Castles, and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and Small Stores for the common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Cleaning and repairing small Arms in the Tower ——

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 3,730 Men, Officers s. d.

included - -- 111,373 16 —

Pay of First Gunners, still remaining on the War Establishment - - 945 1 o —

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich ——

Establishment of Draughtsmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain, and Foreign Garrisons ——

Pay of Superannuated and disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants Sums to be paid at the' Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of £.422,001. 11. 3. being the Amount of this Estimate ——

3.

65

d.

£ 27,233 15 —

13,616 17 6

554 »o — 1,381 7 6 273 15 —

584 -

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

219 ——

861 15 — 680 10 — 91 5 —

629 12 6 693 10 —

3,423 13 —

18.000 ——

15.000 ——

4,379 4 7

6.000 ——

2.000 ——

10,967 16 —

112,319 6 —

2,327 15 —

2,031 6 —

21,490 14 6 826 3 8

Ordinary

£. 221,2 7b 1 3

Vo 1. 47.

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Ordnance.

7° Februarii.

A. 179S.

Ordnance.

extraordinaries.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For Fuel for the Troops ——

For a Supply of Stores ——

£. d.

2.500 ——

1.500 ——

1,000 ——

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

QUEBEC:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ----- - 2,000 ——

On Account, for a Supply of Stores ----- - 9,000 ---

BERMUDA:

For Current Service, and Contingences ——

BAHAMA ISLANDS:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

JAMAICA:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies.....-

ANTIGUA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - - - - -

ST. CHRISTOPHER:

For Current Service and Contingencies ——

DOMINICA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

BARBADOES:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - -

ST. VINCENT;

For Current Service, and Contingencies - - - -

GRENADA:

For Current Service, and Contingences -

GIBRALTAR:

£. > d-

5.000 —

2.000 —

11,000 —

1,000

1,000 ——

2.000 — —

3.000 -

3,000 —

3,000 —

3,000 — —

3,000 ——

3,000 ——

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers ——

Forage for the Cattle employed on the Works -For Repairs and Improvements of the Works at Water Port -

For Repairs and Improvements of the King’s, Queen’s, and Prince’s Lines, and the Batteries on the Heights ——

For Repairs of the Line Wall, Roads, Drains, and Communications -

For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Magazines -

For Contingencies in the Engineer’s Department - -

For Contingencies in the Storekeeper’s Department -

For the Purchase of sundry Plots of Ground on the Esplanade -

JERSEY:

For Repairs and Contingencies ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

GUERNSEY:

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at other Places in the Island ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

4,504 17 — 2,316 13 —

16,678 10

700 — . —

700 — —

2,100 — —

1,50° —

1,500 —

1,668 15 —

1.035 8 —

964 12 —

1,035 8 —

964 12 —

31,668 15 —

2,000 ——

2,000 —

SCOTLAND

32 Geo. Ill

7° Februafii.

67

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, an< Contingencies -.....-....

NORTH-EAST DISTRICT:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - ....

LANDGUARD FORT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

CINQUE PORTS:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies - - N -

CHATHAM:

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham s. d.

and Upnor Castle - -- 5,574 15 9

For Repairs of the Lines ----- --- - 1,605 11 6

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,929 4 —

SHEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies -

GRAVESEND AND TILBURY:

For Repairs of the Works ——

£. S. d. Ordnance.

6.000 — —

1.000 -

500 ——

2.000 ——

9,109 11 3

2.000 ——

2.000 ——

FEVERSHAM: For Repairs and additional Buildings - -

PORTSMOUTH:

For Repairs of old Works, and other Buildings, at Portsmouth, and various

Places in the Division - -- ....

In further Part of the Charge for necessary Repairs to complete and improve the old Works round the Town ——

In further Part of the Charge for completing the Works round the Common ——

In further Part of the Charge for completing Cumberland Fort In further Part of the Charge for building an additional Powder Magazine at Tipner Point, in Portsmouth Harbour, for Use of the Navy For the Purchase of Lands in Front of the Fortifications, belonging to R. G. Temple, Esq. ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

GOSPORT:

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines - - - 1,344 14 11

In further Part of the Charge to continue the Sea Wall from the Front of

Haslar Hospital to Fort Monckton ----- -- 1,000 -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,929 4 —

PLYMOUTH:

4,160 11 3

1.500 ——

3.000 -

5.000 -

2.500 -

400 ——

1,929 4 —

For Repairs of the Barracks, Lines, and Citadel, and for Repairs at St.

Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and St. Maw’s Castles, and at Scilly Island, Current Service, and Contingencies - 4,070 16 —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,929^ 4 —

WOOLWICH:

For additional Rooms to the Academy, Repairs of Barracks, and Officers

Quarters, Current Service, and Contingencies.....3,000 ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,929 4 —

ROYAL LABORATORY:

Towards the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

5,000 ——

1.8,489 15 3

4,273 18 11

6,000 ——

4,929 4 — 2,000 ——

WALTHAM ABBEY: For Repairs and additional Buildings -

SHIPPING:

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons

Vo 1. 47.

2,000---

2,500 --

REGIMENT

7° Februa.

A. 1792

Ordnance. REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY:

For Contingencies....

REGIMENTS OF FOOT:

For supplying Worms, Tumscrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles, to the effective Soldiers of the Foot Guards and Marching Regiments of Infantry in Great Britain, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant ——

£ s. d.

6,oooo ——

954 16 —

SALT PETRE:

For the Purchase of Two hundred Tons, for Land Service, from the East India Company

Extraordinaries Ordinary

Ordinary and Extraordinaries

£. s. «77 I*

- 43,225 18

6,200 —

- 156,626 — 5

- 221,272 1 3

- 377,898 1 8

d.

2

5 44,103 9

7

£. 422,001 11 3

TV. Howe, Crawfurd,

G. Berkeley, Aldridge.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Accounts The House being informed that 'some of the Corn-presented. missioners of the Customs attended at the Door;

they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Prohibited N° l. An Account of prohibited East India Goods Goods"1** imported int° Saint Helen's, and private Trade Ware-00 s' houses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1790 to Michaelmas 1791, what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1791: And also,

Ditto. N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods

imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1790 to Michaelmas 1791, also what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1791: And also,

Ditto. N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods

remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1790, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1791: And also,

Ditto. N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited

to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1790, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1791: And also,

Ditto. N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods

which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helens, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and the Custom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1790, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have been returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1791: And also,

Naval Stores N° 6. An Account of Nayal Stores imported from from Russia. Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas »790 to Michaelmas 1791: And also,

Ditto. N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from

Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 179° to Michaelmas 1791: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which Whale Ships, have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, distinguishing their Names, Tonnage, Ports from whence they were fitted out, Ports where they were discharged, and the Quantity of Blubber each Ship imported in the Year 1791.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from Accounts the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; presented, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have Money issued been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Haworth also, from the Exchequer, presented For main-to the House, pursuant to their Orders, taining Con-

An Account of the Monies which have been issued stone to the Representatives of Henry Bradley, and James &c.°' Bradley, Esquires, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan - For D° on bell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintain- the Thames, ing, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And -also,

An Account of the Expence of sending Provisions For sending and sundry Articles to the Settlement in New South Provisions, Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn by Governor *c-New Phillip and Lieutenant Ball, and of other Expences South WaleSl incurred

69

For regulating the shipping of Slaves.

For the Prosecution against Mr. Hastings.

To pay Bills of Exchange, Sec.

For Relief to American and East Florida Sufferers.

incurred on Account of the Convicts to that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners, appointed in pursuance of an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " amend and continue, for a limited Time, several " Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and " carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of " Africa, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against TVarren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the several Sums issued to Thomas Cottoti, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. 10 s. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1791, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in theii Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain; and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th April 1792, together with the Sum of £.6. 5$. per Centum, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order; and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of Oc/o-ber 1792, after the same Rate of £-3. 10s. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £.6. 5 s. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Money issued Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament. on Address.

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be by him applied to the Payment of Pensions to such Persons who have been Sufferers during the late unhappy Dissentions in America To John Hatsell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing the Journals of the

House of Commons....

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of the House of Commons -To John Nichols, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons -

£. s. d.

21,000 ——

1,200 ——

2,959 18 3 883 5 -26,043 3 3

Exchequer, the 7th Day of February 1792.

IV. Rose Haworth.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Representatives of Henry Bradley, and James convicts. Bradley, Esquires, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, 8yc. and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to the Representatives of Henry Bradley, and James Bradley, Esquires, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Six thousand Four hundred One Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence Half-penny.

Exchequer, the 7th Day of February 1792.

IV. Rose Haworth.

Vol. 47.

T

rp

1 O

9

Convicts.

New South Wales.

Shipping

Slaves.

7® Februarii. 1792.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Seventeen thousand Twenty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence.

Exchequer, the 7th Day of February 1792.

W. Rose

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Expence of sending Provisions, and sundry Articles, to the Settlement in South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn by Governor Philip, and Lieut. Ball; and of other Expences incurred on Account of the Convicts transported to that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Alexander Davison, Esquire, for the Purchase of sundry Articles of Provisions, See. -To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills drawn by Henry Ball, from Batavia, for Provisions, &c.....-

To D®, to pay a Bill drawn by Governor Phillip, for an Allowance to a Secretary, &c.

£. s. d. 8,846 10 8

12,905 9 4

427 12 6

22,179 12 6

Exchequer, the 7th Day of February 1792.

W. Rose Haworth.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, madd in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping " and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, ’ and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to Charles Peace, Gentleman, Secretary to the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and continue, for a limited Time, " several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of Africa," and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, the 7th Day of February 1792-

Will" Rose Haworth.

To

7° Februa.

71

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in Prosecution carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by ^astines Parliament.

To Albany Wallis and Richard Troward, Solicitors, for Expences -To Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Deputy Great Chamberlain, for the Expences of hiring Door Keepers, &c. ——

To Robert Quarme, Esquire, for his extraordinary Attendance -To Sir Isaac Heard, Knight, et al. for D* -

To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for printing Copies of Minutes, See. -

£. s. d.

4.000 ——

1.000 ——

331 10 6 470 19 — -545 2 —

6,347 11 6

Exchequer, the 7th Day of February 1792.

Willm Rose

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the several Sums issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and Bills of other Purposes, by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which have not been made Kxt, ianS* good by Parliament.

The Sums issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills drawn by Lord Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama Islands, for Fees due to sundry Persons, on Grants ot Lands to Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of One thousand Nine hundred Twenty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Three Earthings.

Exchequer, __

the 7th Day of February 1792. tV.

Vol. 47.

To

A.

djv.twa*

to

g»>

8) B

cF n

3 g.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. 10 s. per Centum per Ann. for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1791, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in the 28th and 30th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain; and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th April 1792, together with the Sum of £. 6. 5$. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order; and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1792, after the same Rate of £. 3. 10. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together w'ith £. 6. 5 s. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same.

AMERICAN CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3./. 10. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the 10th October 1791, on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to the above mentioned Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, which will become due on the 5th of April 1792, together with 61. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order ——

Ditto, which will become due on the 10th October 1792 ——

Principal to be paid off.

88.340

88.340

-y. d.

12

12

6

6

15,459 12 2 *1 13,913 12 11 if

£ s. d.

206,054 10 1 £

TOTALS.

£. s. d.

— 0

o

EAST FLORIDA CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 10. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on the 5th April 1792, together with 61. 5. per Cent, on the Principal Sum contained in each Order -Ditto, which will become due on the 10th October 1792 - - -.-

8.031 5 —

8.031 5 —

AMERICAN CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 10. per Cent, per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums contained in the several Orders made out pursuant to the above mentioned Act of the 30th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the 5th April 1792, together with 61. 5. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained

in each Order - -- -- -....

Ditto, which will become due on the 1 oth October 1792 ---....

22.943 15 —

22.943 15 —

1,405 9 4*1

1,264 18 5 if

224,787

7 11 £

18,732 17 9

5,621 4 411

5,219 14 — if

56,728 8 51

EAST FLORIDA CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 10. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums contained in the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act of the 30th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on the 5th April 1792, together with £. 6. 5. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order -Ditto, which will become due on the 10th October 1792.....-

1.406 5 —

1.406 5 —

60,205 7 6

344 10 7

319 18 5 if

3,476 19 — £

284,992 15 5i

Exchequer, the 7th Day of February 1702.

TV. Rose

32 Geo. III. 7° — 8° Februarii. 73

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

B dgnorth A Petition of Thomas Whitmore, Esquire, Patron umrch of the Parish Church of Mary Magdalen, in the

Ictmoc. xown of Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop, William,

Nichols, Clerk, Minister of the said Church, Joseph Boulton and John Frere, Churchwardens of the said Parish, and the Several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, or interested in the Seats or Pews in the said Church, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Saint Mary Magdalen aforesaid, and the Chancel and Tower belonging to the same, are in a very ruinous and decayed State, and it is proper that the said Church, Chancel, and Tower, should be taken down and rebuilt; and that it will require a very considerable Sum of Money to defray the Charges and Expences of taking down and re-building the same, which cannot be raised without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Hawkins Browne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committee The Order of the Day being read;

Bill to The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

send Acts whole House, upon the Bill to amend several Acts of ' Tmis1 of S Par'iainent for regulating the Trials of controverted ntroverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Partitions. liament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 320 Georgii III. U Regis, 1792. PltAYERS.

MR. Secretary at-War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Guards and Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and Garrisons. ot*ier His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great

Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1791 to 24th June 1792, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th June 1792 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

VOL. 47.

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, Plantations, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 2.5th December 1791 to 24th June 1792, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 2,5th June 1792 to 24th December' following, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1792: S'ailOflicers. And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of £,ie, sea Out" Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1792: And also, eiMoners.

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Extraordt-Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the of llie Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1790 to the 24th of December 1791, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of one Regiment of Light Troops in Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service East India, in East India, for the Year 1792, being 366 Days:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Additional to the Regi- AtMommls ment of Light Dragoons serving in East India, and of 10 110* Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 2,5th December 1791 to 24th December 1792, both inclusive, being 3G6 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Allowances Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; Gr"nc-to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General ralj&c.&c. of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1792: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernume- Full Pay to rary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 2.5th December 1791 to 24th December 1792, both inclusive, rury 1C0rs’

being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between Difference the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Battalions nl

of Foot, serving in North America and the West Indies, frorn 25th December 1791 to 24th June 1792, both in- blishments. elusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of live Regiments

of Foot, serving in North America, the West Indies, and Gibraltar, from 2.5th June 1792 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 1 S3 Days: And

also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Recruiting and Con- Recruiting tingencies of His Majesty’s Land Forces, of the Al- Forri s lowance of Bread and Necessaries to the Troops in \n'c

Great Britain, and of Poundage to be returned to the B Infantry, for the Year 1792: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Clulsp.iln-Chclsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hos- Pensioners, pital, for the Year 1792: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows the W’idows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year Pensions. 1792: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances Half Pay. to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1792: And also, '

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1792: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1792: And also,

U Estimate

Garrison and Staff Officers.

Scotch Roads «nd Bridges.

74 8° Februarii. . 1792.

Estimate of the Charge of Garrison and Staff Officers Lord Adatu Gordon, Commander of His Majesty’s and Corps for the several Periods therein mentioned, in Forces there.

the Year 1791: And also, And the Titles of the said Estimates and Account

Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs were read, of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain The said Estimates and Account are as followeth; for the Year 1792, approved by Lieutenant General viz.

ESTIMATE

o

r

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1791 to 24th June 1792,

both inclusive, being 183 Days.

CORPS.

{First Regiment of Life Guards Second Ditto -Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

Dragoons/

Light Dragoons.

Foot

Guards.

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards

Second Ditto -

Third Ditto ——

The Earl of Pembroke’s Regiment of Dragoons Lieutenant General Johnston’s -Lord Southampton’s -

Lord Howard’s ——

.Lieutenant General Johnston’s -

Sir Henry Clinton’s -Lieutenant General Pitt's -General Hodgson’s -Lord Dorchester’s -.Major General Harcourt’s -

First Regiment of Foot Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Ditto -Third Regiment of Ditto -

Numbers.

234

232

319

336

225

225

225

225

226

225

225

225

225

225

225

225

1,649

1.058

1.058

785

3,037

3,7^5

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. T O 1

£ s. £. S. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

- - - - - 10,235 9 6

- - - W - - - 10,100 19 6

- - - ~ - - 13,063 3 —

7,666 17 2 j 858 10 2f 16919 61 279 8,974 6 n I

5,257 15 4 £ 572 6 10 11412 41 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4l 572 6 10 114 12 4i 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4i 572 6 10 114 12 41 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 >5 4 1 572 6 10 114 12 4 1 186 6,130 14 7

5,276 1 4 i 575 10 4i 114 16 1 1 186 6,152 7 11

5,257 15 4 1 572 6 10 114 12 41 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4 i 572 6 10 114 12 41 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 i5 4 1 572 6 10 114 12 41 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4 1 572 6 10 114 12 41 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 41 572 6 10 114 12 41 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4 f 5/2 6 10 114 12 41 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 »5 41 572 6 10 114 12 4 1 186 6,130 14 7

- - - - 23,139 10 9

- - - 15,006 14 3

m m 15,034 3 3

9. d.

33,399 ~

82,564 15 3i

53,180 8 3

00

» u

35

1st Q*

o w

5

3

c-

Or

32 Geo. III. 8°

CORPS. Numbers.

Lieutenant General Hall’s Regiment of Foot 469

General Armstrong’s ----- 469 -

Major General Hotham’s - 469 -

Lieutenant General Morrison’s - 469 -

General Grseme’s - 469 -

Earl of Harrington’s - 469 -

Sir Henry Calder’s - 469 -

Foot. ( Lieutenant General Clarke's - 4C9 -

Earl Cornwallis’s - 469 -

Lord Frederick Cavendish’s - 469 -

Sir John Dalling’s - 469 -

Sir Hector Munro’s 469 -

Lieutenant General Rainsford’s - 469 -

Lieutenant General Elphinstone's - 469 -

Lieutenant General Frederick’s - 469 -

V Lieutenant General Campbell’s - 469 -

7,504

Thirty-six Independent Companies of Invalids - 1,620

Garrisons with Fire and Candle - - 302

Total - 17,013

H

W

War Office,

8 February i 792.

L

cii

to S

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. T 0 T A L. /

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. 5. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

4,20 7 15 9 i 682 8 4 91 3 8} 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

4,207 15 91 682 8 41 9' 3 8} 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

4,207 15 91 682 8 4 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10 )

4,207 15 9 682 8 4 I 91 3 8 I 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

4,207 15 91 682 8 4 ? 9' 3 8} 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

4,207 15 91 682 8 4 f 91 3 8 270 8 — 5 251 15 10

4,207 15 9 682 8 4 2 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 ifi 10

4,207 15 9i 682 8 41 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

4,207 15 9i 682 8 41 91 3 8* 270 8 — 5,251 5 10

4,207 15 9 682 8 41 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

4,207 15 9 682 8 41 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

4,207 15 9 682 8 41 91 3 s* 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

4,207 15 9i 682 8 4\ 9i 3 8* 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

4,207 15 9 682 8 4 1 91 3 8i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

4,207 15 9 682 8 4k 91 3 8 T 270 8 — 5,251 15 10 -

4,207 15 9 4 682 8 4 k 91 3 8i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

- 84,028 13 4

13,575 16 3 1,152 18 — 434 10 — 1,440 — - - 16.603 4 3

14,868 6 11 392 2 9 - - - 27 10 — - - 15,287 19 8

166,547 3 5‘ 20,193 10 6 3,439 — 61 8,304 18 — - £. 285,064 12 9*

V?

05

Geo. Yo>/ge.

-5

<o

to

D

eg'

r — h

n’

CD

CL

cr

o

CORPS.

Horse.

First Regiment of Life Guards

Second Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards -

Dragoons.

Light

Dragoons.

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto -

Third Ditto -

Earl of Pembroke’s Regiment of Dragoons Lieutenant General Johnston’s Lord Southampton’s - -

Lord Howard’s -.Lieutenant General Johnston’s

Sir Henry Clinton’s -

Lieutenant General Pitt’s -General Hodgson’s - -

Lord Dorchester’s -

Major General Harcourt’s -

Foot Guards.

First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Ditto Third Regiment of Ditto

Numbers.

334

232

3»9

336

225

225

225

225

226 225 225

225

225

225

225

225

L565

1.004

1.004

785

3>37

3,573

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Hiding Masters, and Serjeants. T O

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. *. d. £. d. £. s. d.

m m - - - 9,302 3 6

9,167 13 6

- - - - - 13,063 3 —

7,666 17 2 1 ci O l-H OO OO 169 19 6 i 279 8,974 6 11 1

5,257 15 4i 572 6 10 114 12 4 i 186 — — 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4 I 572 6 10 114 12 4 f 186 — — 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4 i 572 6 10 114 12 4? 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4* 572 6 10 114 12 4i 186 6,130 14 7

.5,276 1 4 i 575 10 4 1 114 16 1 i 186 6,152 7 it

5,257 15 41 572 6 10 114 12 4 1 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4* 572 6 10 114 12 4 i 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 41 572 6 10 114 12 4 i 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4 i 572 6 10 114 12 4? 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4 i 572 6 10 114 12 4 i 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4 i 572 6 10 114 12 4* 186 6,130 14 7

5,257 15 4 572 6 10 114 12 4i 186 6,130 14 7

_ a - - - - 22,409 — 9

_ m - - - 14,59419 3

' 14,622 8 3

£. s.

3L533 -

82,564 15 3

51,716 8 3

00

3.1 8 8-2 § 0.

32 Geo. III. 8°

D

(O'

r — h

N'

CD

CL

O"

.CORPS. Numbers.

Lord Adam Gordon’s Regiment of Foot, 2d Battalion - - 399

Lieutenant General Jones’s - 399 -

Lieutenant General Hall’s - - - - 399 -

Lieutenant General Grant’s - - 399 -

Major General Hotham’s - 399 -

Sir John Sebright’s - 399 -

General Graeme’s - 399 -

Foot. Lord George Lennox’s - 399 -

Sir Henry Calder’s - 399 -

Earl of Ross's - - 399 -

Sir John Dalling’s - 399 -

Sir Hector Munro’s - 399 -

Lieutenant General Elphinstone’s - 399 -

Lieutenant General Frederick’s - 399 -

Lieutenant General Campbell's - 399 -

Sir David Lindsay’s ----- 399 -

Thirty-six Independent Companies of Invalids - 6,384 1,620

Garrisons, with Fire and Candle - - 302

Total - - - 15,701

H

W

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned 0fliceis, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. c Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters^ Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. total. Q

£. d. £. s. d. £. f. d. £. 5. d. £ s. d. £. d.

3,767 5 3 601 14 10 { 86 11 2 270 8 — 4,725 19 3 1

3,887 10 9 i 601 14 10 i 87 12 6* 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3,887 10 9i 601 14 10 f 87 12 6* 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3,887 10 9 601 14 10 1 87 12 6 i 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3,887 10 9 i 601 14 10 f 87 12 6 T 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3,887 JO 9i 601 14 10 i 87 12 61 270 8 — 4, S47 6 2

3,887 Jo 9* 601 14 10 87 12 6 1 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3,887 JO 9* 601 14 10| 87 12 61 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3,887 10 9 601 14 10 1 87 12 6 i 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3, SS7 10 9 1 601 14 10 87 12 6 i 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3,887 10 9 601 14 10 1 87 12 6* 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3,887 Jo 9 J O O N|*- 87 12 6 1 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3,887 10 9* 601 14 10 87 12 6 i 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3,887 10 e 601 14 10 f 87 12 61 270 8 — 4, S47 6 2

3,887 JO 9* 601 14 10 87 12 6^ 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

3,887 JO 9* 601 14 10 f 87 12 6 T 270 8 — 4*847 6 2

77,435 u 9l

13,575 16 3 1,152 l8 — 434 10 1,440 m - 16,603 4 3

14,868 6 11 392 2 9 - - 27 10 — - - 15,287 19 8

161,302 17 11 1 18,902 14 6 3,38i — 6* 8,304 18 — £. 275.140 J9 3

u.

Geo. Y

to

tc

3.ium -fUi>r /

1 iV»'« i’.'-vi

/># .#//,/» . 1 - k »

8° Februarii.

o

O

(O'

r — H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

FT

t- — >> COR P s. Numbers, Pay of Commissioned, N on-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants. T O

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Lieutenant General Burgoyne's Regiment of Foot - 469 - 4,207 15 9* 682 8 4 91 3 8i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Major General Stopford’s - - 469 - 4,207 15 9* 682 8 4k 91 3 81 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Lieutenant General Baugh’s - m M m mm 469 - 4,207 15 9* 682 8 4k 91 3 8* 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Prince Edward’s - - - 4C9 - 4,276 10 4k 682 8 4k 91 15 11 270 8 — 5,321 2 8

Lieutenant General Leslie’s - - - 469 - 4,207 15 9k 682 8 4k 91 3 8* 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Sir Robert Murray Keith’s 469 - 4,207 15 9 682 8 4k 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Major General Hyde’s - - 469 - 4,207 15 V 682 8 41 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

General Murray’s - - - m. 469 - 4,207 15 9 682 8 4k 91 3 8* 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Sir William Erskine’s - - 469 - 4,207 15 9i 682 8 4 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Alajor General Adeane’s - - 469 - 4,207 15 9l* 682 8 41 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Alajor General Tonyn’s - - 469 - 4,207 15 9k 6S2 8 4 k 91 3 8 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Lieutenant General Maitland’s - - 469 - 4,207 15 9 k 682 8 4 k 91 3 8* 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Royal American Regiment, four Battalions - 1,877 - 16,951 8 71 2,729 13 6 365 16 1 1,081 12 — 21,128 10 3

Major General Gunning’s c* - 469 - 4,207 15 9k 6S2 8 4k 91 3 8} 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Lieutenant General Gabbitt’s - - 469 - 4,207 15 9 682 8 4k 91 3 8 I 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Lieutenant General Brown’s - - - 469 - 4,207 15 9i 682 8 4k 9l 3 8 k 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Colonel Simcoe’s Corps - - 432 - 2,625 15 9k 55 2 16 1 38 2 — i 185 13 ~ 3,402 5 1

9,344

GARRISONS, &c.

Quebec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, St. John’s and Placentia in Newfoundland, and St. John’s Island - m CM m m

Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincent, and Dominica -

Officers serving with the Forces West Indies ... in North America and the

Officers of Hospitals serving in West Indies - 1 North America and the 1

£. *.

103,376 19 8

3,068 2 1 1,100 15 6

6,517 19 3

2,745 ——

CO

§ g

2-3.

c

3 P

uo

<0

32 Geo. III. 8° .

o

CORPS. I Numbers. Pay of Commissioned, N on-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Clothing of I Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. ( Allowances to L’aptains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants. m J* T 0 1: a L.

GIBRALTAR: £. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d\ £. s. d. £ ?. d.

Lord Adam Gordon’s Regiment of Foot, 2d Battalion - 469 - - 4,087 10 3 682 8 41 90 2 4 j 00 0 c* 5,130 8 n J

Lieutenant General Jones’s ----- m 469 - 4,207 15 9 i 682 8 41 9> 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Lieutenant General Grant’s - - 469 - 4,207 15 9i 682 8 4k 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Sir John Sebright’s ----- - - 469 - 4,207 15 9 1 682 8 4k 9i 3 8f 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Lord George Lennox’s ----- -- - 469 - 4,207 15 9 4 682 8 4 k 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5.251 15 10

Earl of Ross's ----- -- - 469 - 4,207 15 9 i 682 8 4k 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson’s - - 469 - 4,207 15 9 i 682 8 4k 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

Sir David Lindsay’s ----- - - 4C9 - 4,207 15 9 682 8 4k 9i 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10

General Lambton’s ----- - - 469 4,221 4,207 15 9 i 682 8 4 i 91 3 8 i 270 8 — 5,251 15 10 47*144 15 Ik

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c. 1,782 4 1

NEW SOUTH WALES: v

Major Grose’s Corps - - - 475 3,459 M 5 661 3 8 k 65 9 81 271 5 6 - - 4,457 13 4

Total - - - 14,040 123,972 6 5 20,321 14 31: 2,657 5 5 8,028 2 6 - - - 170,193 9

M

m

H

H

W

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo. Y

H-i

to

5

D

cq'

r — fr

n

CD

Cl

cr

r.' vj ri Tvr a r I.’ of the* Charuc* of Ilia Afuic'stys Forces in tlio Plantations, UBf®° 1,1 Oar‘ison at , ' «. Corps 6f Foot in Arew South Wales, from 5U1 June 179* to

J j 3^th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

o"

<F C O R P S. > Numbers. Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants. k T O T A L.

£. 6. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. d. £. 3. d. £. 3. d.

Lord Adam Gordon’s Regiment of Foot, First Battalion - 399 - 3,887 10 9 601 14 10 87 12 6 X 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

Lieutenant General Burgoyne’s - 399 - 3,887 10 9* 601 14 10 87 12 64 270 8- 4,847 6 2

Prince Edward’s - 399 - 3,956 5 4 i €01 14 10 £ 88 4 9 270 8 — 4,916 13 —

Lieutenant General Leslies - .9 399 - 3,887 10 9* 601 14 10 87 12 6 i 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

Sir Robert Murray Keith's - ‘ - - 399 - 3,887 10 9* 601 14 10 £ 87 12 61 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

Major General Ainslie’s - 399 - 3,887 10 9 601 14 10 £ 87 12 6 i 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

Major General Hyde s - 399 - 3,887 10 9? 601 14 10 87 12 6 t 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

General Murray’s - - - - 399 - 3,887 10 9 i 601 14 10f 87 12 65 270 8 — 4>$47 6 2

Lieutenant General Tayler’s - - 399 - 3,887 10 9i 601 14" 10 § 87 12 64 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

Major General Adeane’s - 399 - 3,887 10 9i 601 14 14 87 12 6 I 270 . 8 — 4,847. 6 2

Major General Williamson’s - - - 399 - .3,887 10 9t 601 14 lOf 87 12 61 270 8 — 4,847 6 2 9

Major General Tonyn’s 3 99 m — 3,887 10 - 9i 601 14 10 87 12 6 i 270 8 — 4j847 6 2

Lieutenant General Maitland’s 399 - . - 3,887 10 9i 601 14 10£ 87 12 6 5 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

Royal American Regiment^ Four Battalions 7 1,597 - 15,670 8- 71 2,406 19 6 351 11 54 1,081 12 — 19,510 10 7

Lieutenant General Mathew’s - 399 3,887 10 9i 601 14 10 k 87 12 6i 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

Lieutenant General Gabbitt’s 399 - 3,887 10 9 I 601 14 10 k 87 12 64 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

Lieutenant General Brown’s - V, 399 - 3,887 10 9 i 601 14 10* 87 12 64 270 8 — 4,847 6 2

Colonel Simcoe’s Corps. - 432 - 2,625 15 9i 55 2 l6 1 ’ 38 2 - -4 185 13 — 3,40a 5 1

8,413 1 00,5392 2

GARRIS O N S, &c.

Quebec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New

Brunswick, Cape Breton, St. John’s, and Placentia in

Newfoundland, and St. John’s Island 3,068 2 1

Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincent^ and Dominica 1,10© 15 6

Officers serving with the Forces in North America and the

West Indies - 6,517 19 3

Officers of Hospitals serving in North America and the

West Indies - 1 2,745

CO

to

o

M

O

QD

CORPS.

GIBRALTAR. Major General Stopford’s Regiment of Foot Lieutenant General Baugh’s -Sir William Erskine’s -Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson’s Major General Gunning’s -General Lambton’s -

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c.

NEW SOUTH WALES. Major Grose’s Corps - -

Total

Numbers.

399

399

399

399

399

399

2,394

475

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

£. s. d

3.887 io g

3.887 10 94 3,8S7 10 94

3.887 io 94

3.887 10 94

3.887 10 94

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men.

£. s.

601 14 10 £ 601 14 104 601 14104 601 14 104 G01 14 104 601 14 10 4

3,459 *4 5

11,28a

107,350 io 44

R

D

y> S

CL

Agency.

Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants.

£. . s. d.

87 12 64 87 12 G 4

87 12 64 87 12 64 87 12 G 4 87 12 G|

661 3 8 4

16,859 6

£. j. d.

270 8 — 270 8 —

270 8 —

270 8 —

270 8 —

270 8 —

65 9 84 271 5 6

2,383 9 — 1

7,487 6 6

TOTAL.

£. d.

4.847 6 2

4.847 6 2

4.847 O 2

4.847 6 2

4.847 6 2

4.847 6 2

£. «.

29,083 17 — 1,782 4 1

4,457 13 4

H9,294 13 5

Cfc-4

1

o

o

eg

FT

w

C/>

H

w

to

War Office,

8th February 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

32 Geo. III.

8° Februarii.

83

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Staff Officers.

Year 1792.

General and General Staff Officers, from 25th December 1791 to 24th December 1792, both-! j.

inclusive, being 366 Days - - - - -J.

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1792.

Chelsea

Pensioners.

19,719 Out-Pensioners, at Five Pence per Diem each, from 25th December 1791 to 24th December 1792, deducting for Pensions unclaimed 3,179/. 12

400 Letter Men, at One Shilling per Diem each - -

31 Serjeants, at Nine Pence per Diem each ——

20,150

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying the Out-Pensioners To Agents Clerks ——

To the Agents of Out-Pensioners, per Annum

To the Rent of a House for examining the Out-Pensioners

From which deduct, out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions

£. s. 1,434 12 —

505 14 —

1,000 ——

200 ——

3,140 6 — 1,200 ——

£ s. d. 147,177 15 —

7,320 ——

425 9 6

154,923 4 G

1,940 6 — 156,863 10 6

Deduct, already voted on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1792

In all to be made good for 1792

5,556

151,307

7

3

4

2

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

Vol. 47.

Army Extraordinaries.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1790 to the 24th of December 1791, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

i"9*-February 28th.

July 29th.

August 15th. October 12th. 17th. 21st.

January 24th.

31st.

April 8th.

June 13th.

November qth.

10th.

December 6th. July 25th.

1 10

To Thomas Everett, Merchant, upon Account, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, between the 27th September and 24th October 1790 - - ... - - -<£.3,562

To D°, upon Account, for victualling Da Garrison, from 25th October 1790 to 13th March 1791, and from 11th April to 8th May 1791 -

To D*, upon Account, for victualling Da Garrison, from 14th March to 10th April 1791 -

To Da, upon Account, for victualling Da Garrison, from 9th May to 5th June 1791 -

To Da, upon Account, for victualling D° Garrison, from 6th June to 3d July 1791 -

To Da,upon Account, for victualling D° Garrison, from 4th to 31st of July 1791 -

To Messrs. Jit’Turnbull, George Mackenzie Macauley, and Thomas Gregory, upon Account, for Provisions issued and delivered for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia ——

To D*, upon Account, for Da issued and delivered for the Use of the Troops in Canada and Nova Scotia ——

To Da, upon Account, for Da issued to the Troops in Nova Scotia ——

To Da, upon Account, for D* issued to the Troops in

Canada - -- -- - 8,257

To Da, upon Account, for D° issued for D* Troops To Da, upon Account, for D° Service -To D°, upon Account, for Provisions issued to the Troops in Nova Scotia -To Elizabeth Budd, upon Account, for Provisions kept up in the Island of Guernsey, from 27th March 1790 to 27th March 1791 -

21,278 2 8

3,536 4 6

3,382 2 8

3,145 4 -

3,152 18 8

4,407 9 5

4,018 15 4

1,126 18 8

8,257 11 11

15,241 3 8

1,703 17 10

15,830 13 1

1 226 9 7

Deduct the Amount of Stoppages for Provisions from the Regiments in Canada, Nova Scotia, and the West Indies, from December 1790 to December 1791 -

88,869 13 10

- 29,542 3 9

179°-

December 2 2d. To Major Trevor Hull, for a Bill of Exchange of 877 I. 18 1 Or/, drawn

upon the Commissioners of Treasury, by E. Despard, Esquire, late Superintendant of Affairs on the Coast of Honduras, for Expences

1791. incurred in that Country for the Public Service - 750 ——

January 22d. To Captain Jn° Andrexvs, for Two Bills of Exchange, with Interest thereon from the Time they became due to the 27th December 1790, and Charges of noting and protesting the same, which were drawn upon JVmRoberts, Esquire, by Thomas Venture, under

the Direction of J. F. IV. Des Barres, Lieut. Governor

of Cape Breton -.....268183

To Nathaniel Clerk, to satisfy sundry Bills of Exchange, with Interest thereon to 1st December 1790, and . Charges of noting and protesting the same, which were drawn upon D° by D°, under the Direction of Dft - 576 6 8

May 10th. To pay Two Bills of Exchange, drawn by Major Gen‘ O'Hara, acting Governor of Gibraltar, for sundry special contingent Services for that Garrison -.....1,613 18 1

To pay Two Da, drawn by Sir R. Boyd, Governor of

Da, for Da Service ----- - 1,548 17 9

s. d.

59.327 10 1

To

8® Februarii.

85

32 Geo. III.

Dstes of Warrants.

Army Extra-

ordinaries.

1791*

February 16th. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Wilt*

Lieut Governor of Cape Breton, for Public Services ----- - 1,372 17 3

July nth. To D8, for D8 Service - - - 417 — 4

February 16th. . To Bills of Exchange, drawn by M. Su-

perintendant on the Coast of Honduras, for Public - Services ——

To D8, drawn by John Lieutenant Governor of

Newfoundland, for Public Services -To D*, drawn by Alured Clarke, Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, for Public Services -To D*, drawn by David Parry, Governor of Barba-j does, for Public Services - - 1,583 8 9

July 11th. I To D*, for D8 Service - 876 1 4

February 16th. ! To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Jet Bruce, Lieut I Governor of Dominica, for Public Services ----- - 3,056 19 3

July nth. j To D°, for D* Services - - - 1931811

February 16th. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by John Parr, Governor of Nova Scotia, for Public Services -To D*, drawn by In* Nugent, Governor of the Leeward Islands, for Public Services -To D8, drawn by Lord Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama Islands, for Public Services - 8,200 16 10 July 11th. To D8, for D* Service - 5,108 13 10

February 16th. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Fanning, Governor of the Island of St. John, for Public Services To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Edit? Mathew, Governor of Grenada, for Public Services - 1,610 13 2

July 11th. To D8, for D8 Service - 643 12 3

February 16th. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Henry Frere, President of the Council at Barbadoes, for Public Services To D8, drawn by Sir Thomas Shirley, Governor of the Leeward Islands, for D8 Services - 827 2 10

July 11th. To D8, for D* Service - - - 411 8 7

February 16th, To Bills of Exchange, drawn by James Scion, Governor

of St Vincent, for Public Services - 58 ——

July 11th. To D8, for D8 Service - - - 163 ——

1,789 17 7

1,816 12 — 405 8 9

324 11 4

2,458 10 1

3,250 18 2

801 17 3 684 14 9

13,309 10 8 204 1 8

2,254 5 5 690 6 6

1,238 11 5

221 — —

1,214 7 6

600 ——

43 1 8

9,650 7 4

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by James Seton, acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in the West Indies, in the Month of April 1791, for

Public Services ----- -- 50,000 ——

To D8, drawn by D8, in the Month of May 1791, for D° Service ----- -- 51,000 ——

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Henry Hamilton, Governor of Bermuda, for Public Services -

To D8, drawn by Jrt Orde, Governor of Dominica, for D° Services ——

To D°, drawn by W. J. Eppes, Commissary at Newfoundland, for D8 Services -To D8, drawn by Lord Effingham, Governor of Jamaica,

for D8 Services ——

101,000 —

To D°, drawn by Joshua Winslow, acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Canada, in the Month of June 1791, for D8 Service - - 145 16 10

To D8, drawn by D8, in the Month of July 1791, for D° Service - - 326 16 2

To D8, drawn by D8, in the Month of August 1791, for D8 Service - - 10,000 ——

Vol. 47. Z

55,715 2 10

To

86

Army Extra-ordinaries.

8° Februarii.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Joshua Winslow, acting Deputy Paymaster in Canada, in the Month of October £. 1791, for Public Services - - 47,588

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of November 1791, for D® Service - 4,712

A.1792.

s.

2 8

10 —

62,773 5 8

To D®, drawn by Alexander , acting Deputy

Paymaster in Nova Scotia, in the Month of January

1791, for D° Service To D% drawn by D\ in the Month of February 1791, for D® Service To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of March 1791, for D° Service -To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of April 1791, for D° Service To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of May 1791, for D* Service To D°, drawn by D®, in the Month of June 1791, for D® Service To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of August 1791, for D® Service -To D®, drawn by Alex' acting

Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, in the Month of October 1791, for D° Service -

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of November 1791, for D" Service

256 ——

800 — —

1,200 -

373 3 5

- 1,226 ——

400 16 7

76 15 4

216 11 8

3,323 6 6

- 7,872 13 6

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by John Robinson, acting Deputy Paymaster in New Brunswick, in the Month

of January 1791, for Public Services 2,458 ——

To D°, drawn by D®, in the Month of

February 1791, for D* Service - 949 15 5

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

March 1791, for D* Service - - 362 ——

To D®, drawm by D®, in the Month of

April 1791, for D* Service - - 850 ——

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

May 1791, for D® Service - - 225 ——

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

June 1791, for D® Service - - 44 ——

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

July 1791, for D* Service - - 1,770 ——

To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of

August 1791, for D* Service -To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month September 1791, for D® Service To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month October 1791, for D* Service -To D®, drawn by D®, in the Month of November 1791, for D® Service

2,376 ——

1,980 4 7

of

of

- 1,174 12 —

810 ——

12,999 12 —

184,645 11 2

Dates of Warrants.

Deduct the Amount of the Sums paid in One Year by the Acting Deputies, for the Net Subsistence of the Forces in America and the West Indies ——

71,652 17 10

1790.

July 7th. To Col. M. Dixon, for the Balance of his Account, as Commanding Engineer in America, from 13th August 1776 to 20th May 1777....

1791-

April 14th. To Sir JafCockburne, Baronet, for D* of his Account, a3 late Commissary Gen* of the Supplies to attend the Combined Army m Germany, from August 1762 to March 1763 ——

To J. B. West, Esquire, for D® of his Account, as Agent for the Colony of Georgia, from 25th June

1775 to 24th June 1783....

dune 30th. To Lieut Col. Mercer, for D® of his Account, as Commanding Engineer in North America, between 1st October 1778 and 20th November 1781

34 12 5

93 "

211 13

28 9

112,992 13 4

To

32 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

8° Februarii.

87

1791-

September 6th.

November 16th.

1789. December 16th.

1790. October 27th.

To Mary Campbell \Administratrix of Col. Guy John- d.

son deceased, for the Balance of his Account, as late Superintendant of Indian Affairs in the Northern District of North America, between the Years 1774

and 1783 - - -.....5,278 2 7

To James Simpson, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as Intendant General of Police of South Carolina, &c. from aist of July 1780 to 10th

December 1781 - - - 26 36

Army Extraord ina nes

£. s. d.

To J. B. West, Esquire, late Agent for the Province of Georgia, in Reimbursement of so much paid by him to John Hume, who acted as Secretary to the Governor of the said Province - 35 1 4

To Lieut. RichJ Gabbett, of the 66th Regiment of Foot, for the Expences incurred by him in coining to England on the Public Service, and returning from thence to join his Regiment in the West Indies November 15th. To Robert Otway, for 607 Gallons of Rum furnished by him, for the Use of the Artificers and Labourers employed on the Public Works in the Island of Grenada, in the Year 1785 -24th. To Baron de Alalsbourg, Lieut. Colonel in the Hessian Service, for Bat and Forage Money for his Company in the Regiment of Ditforth, in the Year 1783, when on Service in America -

1791-

February Qth. To Major Gen1 O'Hara, for the Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiment of Foot at Gibraltar, from 25th June to 24th December 1790 -

12th. To WillmMilford, Esquire, in Reimbursement of so much advanced by him, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Loss of the Snow Liberty, and her Cargo, which was sunk in the Harbour of the Island of Rattan, in the Year 1782, in order to obstruct the Spanish Ships, then in Sight, from entering the said Harbour -May 27th. To Messrs. Handy and Russell, for Provisions procured from Rhode Island for the Settlers under the Govern-men of Cape Breton, in the Year 1785 -June 20th. To George Burns, for Six Head of Cattle, his Property, which were killed and distributed as Provisions to Loyalists and others, employed in the Public Works at Sydney, in the Years 1785 and 1786 July 5th. To Daniel Robertson, late of the Marine Corps at Minorca, for his extraordinary Exertions and Services there during the Time that Island was invested 21st. To Lord Cranstoun, Commander of the Ship Assistance, for the Extra Expence in carrying out Sir Robert Boyd, Governor of Gibraltar, to that Garrison, and bringing from thence Major Gen. 0‘Hara, to England - -

27th. To Baron de Alvensleben, for the Expences incurred by keeping Four Hanoverian Battalions under marching Orders, from 15th June to 30th November 1790, in order to have embarked for the Defence of the Foreign Possessions, in case the Exigencies of Affairs had required it- -

142 13

105 6 8

32 10

84 210

1,649 *6 8

284 11 8

140 — —

200 ——

5,672

150 ——

2,525 3 7

1790. September oth.

179L January 5th.

5,349

Vol. 47.

To Rich* Handy, for Arrears of Pay for his Services as a Seaman, on the Lakes in Canada, in the Year 1778 - - 6 17 6

To Sir Wm Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days additional Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1790 520 1 — -

To Lieut. Gen1 Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay, as Lieut.

Governor of Fort St. Philip, in Minorca, from 25th June to 24th December 1790 - - - - 346 14 —

To Lieut. Gen Momson, for 183 Days additional Pay, as Quarter Master General, to D® - - 520 1 —

To D®, for 365 Days Pay of his Two Assistants, as D°, to 1> - -.....172 17 6

To

8° Februa

A. 1792.

ArrnyExtra-°ul manes

Dates of Warrants.

1791*

January'22d. To Geo. Brinley, Esquire, for 187 Days Pay, as Deputy £. d.

Commissary at Halifax, in America, to 11th November 1790 ----- -- 140 5 —

24th. To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, to 25th June 1790, who were employed in the Naval Service- on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, during the late War - 327 12 —

February 2. To Lieut. R. Griffiths, for superintending the Service of forwarding Deserters passing to and from Great Britain and Ireland, between 24th December 1789

to 25th December 1790.....52 2 —

7th. To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, to 25th December 1790, who were employed in the Naval Service on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, during the late War - - . _ . - . - - - 186 19 6

To James Lawrie, Esquire, for Half a Year’s Allowance, to 21st December 1790, for his Services, as late Superintendent, Captain, and Commander in Chief

on the Mosquito Shore - - - - 250 ——

Oth. To Major Gen1 Townsend, for his Pay for superintending the Recruiting Service of the Regiments serving Abroad, from 25th June 1790 to 24th December following ——

To D", for

260 —

378 6

the Pay, &c. of Staff Officers at Dun-cannon Fort, for Six Months, to D°

12th. To Robert White, Esquire, for One Year’s Salary, as

Agent for the Honduras District, to the 1st of

October 1790 ----- -- 300 ——

19th. To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of the Army in North America, to 31st December 1790 - 182 10 —

March 9th. To Michael Grant, for 365 Days Pay, as Surgeon to the Forces at Providence, in the Bahama Islands, to 24th December 1789 ----- - 51 17 3

iCth. To sundry General Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Land Forces, in the Year

179°.....2,593 2 6

To Col. T. Carlclon, for Half a Year’s Allowance as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to

24th December 1790.....250 ——

To Ja‘ Gordon, for Difference of Pay, as Chaplain to the Garrison of Fort George, in North Britain, for 365 Days, to 24th December 1790 - - - 72 — 7

30th. To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, from 26th June to 25th December 1790, in Consideration of their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, during the late War - -- -- 50 66

April 6th. To the Representatives of the late Robert Adair,

Esquire, for his Pay, as Inspector General of Hospitals for the Forces in Great Britain, for 82 days, to 16th March 1790 ----- - 135 7 —

To John Hunter, Esquire, for D*, as D’, for 283 Days,

to 24th December 1790 ----- 536 3 —

12th. To Major Samuel Moore, for Half a Year’s Allowance for his long Services, and particularly during the Siege

of Gibraltar, to 24th March 1791 - - - - 75 ——

May 10th. To Robert White, Esquire, for Half a Year’s Salary, as Agent for the Honduras District, to 1st April

1791.....150 ——

16th. To Col. Ja‘ F. Erskine, for Half a Year’s Pension, to 5th April 1791, in Consideration of the Loss he sustained by a Regiment he raised in Switzerland, in the Year 1781, not having been sent to India, as was proposed ----- -- 273

26th. To W. J. Eppes, Esquire, for 243 Days Pay, as Commissary at Newfoundland, to 5th of January 1791 - 60 15 —

June 15th. To the Representatives of the late Lieut. Gen1 Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay, as Lieut. Governor of Fort St.

Philip, in Minorca, from 25th December 1790 to 10th February 1791 - - - - . - - 90189

24th. To Major Gen' Townsend, for his Pay, for superintending the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1790 to 24th June 1791.....258 12 —

6 —

To

32 Geo. III.

8° Februarii.

89

Dates of Warrants.

£ s. d.

517 4 —

517 4 —

1791-

June 29th. To Sir Wm Fawcett, K. B. for 182 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1791 To Lieut. Gen1 Morrison, for 182 Days D#, as Quarter Master General, to D*

July 5th. To Pierre Morin, lately employed as Second Lieut.

in the Naval Service on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, during the late War, for Half Pay, from 30th June 1786 to 25th June 1791, for his said Services - 72 16 —

To Captain D. Fraser, late Captain in the Queen’s American Rangers, for One Year’s Allowance, to 1st January 1791, for his long Services - - - 40 — —

8th. To Alex' D. Broughton, Lieut, in the Navy, for a Balance of Pay due to him, as Commander of the armed Brig Mary, employed on the Lakes in Canada, from 6th March 1776 to 31st March 1779 - - 84 12 —

16th. To sundry Persons, for 181 Days Half Pay, to 24th June 1791, for their Services on the'Rivers and Lakes in Canada, during the late War - - - - 76186

21st. To Pierce Sinnot, Esquire, for One Year’s Allowance, to 3d of May 1791, for his Services, as late Lieut.

Governor of Niagara - - - - 150 ——

27th. To Chevalier de Cuttoli de Coth for SixYear’s Half Pay, as a Lieut, and Adjutant in a Corps of Corsicans, at Minorca, during the late War - - - - 255 14 8

28th. To David Taitt, Esquire, for Arrears of Salary, as late Deputy Superintendent of Indian Affairs for the Creek Nation, from 31st December 1779 to 24th December 1784 - - - - 81810 —

August 31st. To Col. Carlton, for Half a Year’s Allowance to 24th June 1791, as Governor of the Province of

New Brunswick ----- - 250 ——

October 14th. To A. M. Brown, for Pay as Barrack Master at St.

Vincent’s from 25th September 1783 to ,5th July 1791 852 ——

To Charles Sherriff] for 263 Days additional Pay, as Fort Adjutant and Barrack Master of St. Augustine, to 12th July 17S4 - - - - 39 9 —

To G. Brinley, Esquire, for 194 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary to the Army at Halifax, to 24th May 1791 - - 145 1° —

To G. Townsend, Esquire, for 365 Days D*, as Assistant Commissary of the Army in America, to 31st December 1790 - - - - 182 10 —

To Major Gen1 Townsend, for Pay, &c. of Staff Officers at Duncannon Fort, for Six Months, to 24th June

1791 355 12 1

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, to 24th June 1791, in Consideration of their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, during the late War - - - 231 15 6

To Col. J. F. Erskine, for Half a Year’s Pension, to 10th October 1791, in Consideration of the Loss he sustained by a Regiment he raised in Switzerland, in the Year 1781, not having been sent to India as was proposed ----- -- 273 6 —

14th. To R. White Esquire, for Half a Year’s Salary, to 1st

October 1791, as Agent to the Honduras District - 150 ——

s.

d.

28th.

November 7th.

179>

May

18th.

June 8th.

To pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for One Year’s Allowance, to Christmas 1790, for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland, &c. ... - 556 16 —

To Sir John Inglis, Baronet, for Necessaries for the Forces in North Britain ----- 1,000 9 1

To D*, for Oatmeal Firing, Candles, &c. furnished for the forces in sundry Garrisons in D°, and the Out Posts in their Neighbourhood, in the Year 1790 - - . - 1,874 2 6

To Lord Adam Gordon, Commander of the Forces in North Britain, for so much expended by him for the Good of His Majesty’s Service, in the Year 1790 - 300 ——

Vol. 47.

13,274 16 11

3731 7 7

To

Army Extra-ordinaries.

8® Februar

A. 1792.

Army Extra* Dates of Warrants, ordinaries. ——

1790.

October 20th.

»79»-January 26th.

To Lord Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candles for the Troops in Guernsey, from 25th December 1789 to 24th June 1790 ——

To Wm Patriarche, for Coals and Candles supplied for the Use of the Forces at Jersey, from D* to D° -

February 9th. To IV. B. Clinton, for providing and repairing divers Utensils, &c. for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December

179° . -....

To D°, for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Use of the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth,

St. Nicholas Island, &c. from 25th June 1790 to 24th of December following -To Lord Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candles for the Troops in the Island of Guernsey, from 25th June to 24th December 1790 -

To James Moneypenny, for providing D° for additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards, stationed in the temporary Barracks at Knights-bridge, between 24th June and 25th December 1790 '; - - .

March 9th. To E. Kent, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, Brooms, See. for the Use of the Troops at Chatham Barracks, from 25th June to 24th December

>790 ....

16th. To Wm. Patriarche, for Coals and Candles supplied for the Use of the Forces at Jersey, from D°

to D*....

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Use of the Forces in Land-guard Fort, from 25th June 1790 to 24th December following ——

2 ]d. To Major Gen* Scott, for One Year’s Allowance, to 24th December 1790, for additional Coals and Candles for the Guards in Windsor Castle -

To the Earl of Darlington, for furnishing Coals and Candles for the Forces in the Garrison of Carlisle, for the Year 1790 ——

April 6th. To W. B. Clinton, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock -To Jn° Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries furnished for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Lady Day 1791 To Lord Elphinstone, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Use of the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 18th September 1790 to 17th December following

To D°, for providing D°, from 19th June 1790 to , 17th September following -June 3d. To Geo. Leith, Junior, for providing D°, for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Deal, from 25th June to 24th December 1790 -

To H. Henderson, for providing D°, for the Forces in Barracks at Hilsea, Portsmouth, See. -To D*, for providing D°, for D* Forces -

To D*, for providing D*, for D° Forces -

July 8th. To IV. B. Clinton, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock To Ja‘ Moneypenny, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for additional Companies and Recruits to the Foot Guards stationed in the temporary Barracks at Knightsbridge, between 24th December 1790 and 25th June 1791 ——

To Edward Kent, for providing D* for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Chatham, from 25th December 1790 to 24th June 1791 -

£ 4. d.

167 12 5

296 7 6

160 4 3

131 11 3

241 9 6

s. d.

303 11 4

635 12 3 329 18 10

114 -

24 2 —

73 3 —

400 —

616 13 2

181 13 10

132 16 10

118 19 6

367 4 5

339 12 2 309 16 y

250 *---

303 10 10 518 U 7

To

32 Geo. III.

8° Februarii.

91

Dates of Warrants.

179*'

July 13th. To JV. B. Clinton, for providing Coals, Candles, &c.

for the Use of the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, St. Nicholas Island, &c. from 25th December 1790 to 24th June 1791 -

September 14th. To Wm Patriarchy for D* supplied for the Use of the Forces in Jersey, from D° to D*

To Lord Amherstfor supplying Coals and Candles for the Troops at Guernsey, from 25th December

1790 to 24th June 1791 -

To Thomas Best, for supplying the Barracks of Dover Castle with D° for the Troops there, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790 October 21st. To Jit Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries furnished by him, for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Michaelmas

1791 ....

To D°, for sundry Utensils, &c. furnished by D°, for D®, for One Year, to D® -November 30th. To IVm Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of 449 Chaldrons of Coals, sent by him to Gibraltar ——

To D°, for Extra Charge of Freight of D® Coals

£. s. d.

127 8 2

339 13 10

223 15 11

317 16 3

335 5 10

81 17 4

6p.> 19

134 14

1790.

December

29th. To Sir JVm Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 23th June to 24th December 179°.....2 (>5 5 —

1791-

January

5th.

26th.

To Tho‘ Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs, See. of the Foot Guard Rooms and Sutlers, SomersetHouse Barracks, Recruit House, &c. in the Year 1789 -

To Lieut. Gen1 Morrison, for his Contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from 25th June to 24th December 1790 -

To Col. De/ancey, for his Expences, as Deputy Adjutant Gen1 in South Britain, from D* to D* -To the Rcvd IV. Wilmfor One Year’s Rent of the Minister’s House in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces, to 24th December 1790 -

To Captain Robert Bisset, for sundry Expences incurred by him in superintending the Embarkations of Parties, Camp Equipage, c. for the Armies on Foreign Service, from 3d July 179010 11th January »791 ....

To Col. Ja’Moncrief, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Quarter Master General, from 14th July to 24th December 1790 -

To JVm Brown, Lieut. Governor of the Island of Guernsey, for One Year’s Rent of a House in the said Island, to 24th December. 1790 -

February 9th. To Major Gen1 Townsend, for his Contingent Expences, as Inspector General and Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24th December 1790 - - > -

To Jit Charlton, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector Gen1 of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account, for Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c.

To Col. H. E. Fox, Commandant of the Forces at Chatham Barracks, being the Amount of his general Account of Expenditures, for Six Months, to 24th December 1790 ——

To the surviving Assignee of Maton, late Contractor for supplying the Forces with Bread, Wood, Straw, and Forage, for a Surcharge in his Account, for want of sufficient Vouchers, which have since been produced ——

To John Charlton, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account, for contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c. -To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for Paper, Printing, &c. sundry Acts of Parliament, &c. for the Use of the Army ....

Vol. 47.

4,912 8 11

174 4 —

78 3 —

42

April 1 May

3th.

4th.

16th.

June 3d.

149 14 —

78 3

>7 15 —

165 ——

i,5oo ——

616 10 8

Army Extra-ordinaries.

410 — 11

1,000 ——

207 18 8

£. s. d.

8,298 4 9

To

8° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Dates of Warrants.

Array Extrk- ——

ordinaries. 1791*

June 15th. 24th.

29th.

July 8th.

September 14th.

September 14 th.

November 16th.

To Major F. Grose, for providing Knapsacks for the Augmentation to his Corps of Foot -To Major Gen1 Townsend, for his Contingent Expences as Inspector General and Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1790 to 24th June 1791 ——

To Leonard Morse, for carrying on for One Year, to Midsummer 1791, a progressive List of the Commissions of all the Officers in the Army -To Sir Wm Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th December 1790 to 24th June 1791 -

To Lieut. Gen* Morrison, for his Contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from D° to D" - ,

To Col. De Lancet/, for his D*, as Deputy Adjutant General in South Britain, from D* to D*

To M. Fisher and S. Thresher, for Haifa Year’s Rent, to Michaelmas 1790, for certain Premises at Knights-bridge, occupied as temporary Barracks for the Foot Guards - -

To Col. H. E. Fox, Commandant of the Forces at Chatham Barracks, being the Amount of his general Account of Expenditures, for Six Months, to 24th June 1791 ——

To Messrs. Jit and Coutts for providing Hos-

pital Bedding, Camp Necessaries, &c. for the Use of the Forces ——

To Col. Ja‘ Moncrief, for his Contingent Disbursements, as Deputy Quarter Master General, from 25th of December 1790 to 24th June 1791 -

To Jit Charlton, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account of Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c -

£. s. d. 43 7 —

155 2 —

103 3 —

265 5 — 184 4 — 78 3 —

140 18 —

786 1 3

195 8 7

73 16 6

1,200 ——

PAYMENTS on Account of the Forces in the East Indies.

£. s. d.

12,882 13 6

277,243 15 11

March 2d. To sundry Agents, for the Accommodation, at the Captain’s Table, of several Subaltern Officers under Orders to embark for the East

704 11 — L434 u — 74 n —

529 18 6 564 11 —

3,770 2 6

7,078 5 —

To the Agent of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of Recruiting, for the Year

1790 200 ——

To D° of D* Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1791 ----- 2,907 3 4

To D* of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Recruiting, for the Year 1790 ----- 680 — -

To D* of D° Regiment, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1791 - 2,049 n 6

To D* of the 52d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1791 - - 1,910 14 8

To D* of the 71st Regiment of Foot, on Account of D* and D*, for the Year 1790 - ... 668 19 6

Indies ——

May 10th. To sundry D° for D* Service -June 24th. To Messrs. Ross and Ogihie, for D* Service July 9th. To Messrs. Cox and Grcemcood, Agents to the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, being the usual Allowance for providing Horse Furniture and Accoutrements for the Augmentation to that Corps -July 21st. To sundry Agents, for the Accommodation, at the Captain’s Table, of several Subaltern Officers under Orders to embark for the East Indies October 14th. To the Colonels of the several Regiments of Foot in the East Indies, in lieu of Offreckonings of the Additionals to their respective Regiments

To

3£ Geo. III. 8° Februarii. 93

To the Agent of the 71st Regiment of £. s. d.

Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1791 - 2,199 17 —

To D® of the 72d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1789 - - - 16196

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1790 - 315 16 —

To D® of D° Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1791 - - - 7 - 2,237 15 —

To D°, of the 73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the

Year 1791.....1,767 2 10

To D® of the 74th Regiment, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1789 - - - 63 17 6

To D° of D® Regiment, on Account of D®, for the Year 1790 - - 10 13 6

To D* of D° Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1791 ----- 2,351 3 —

To D® of the 75th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1790 - - - - 710026

To D* of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the

Year 1791.....2,051 6 6

To D® of the 76th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1790 - - - 30 — 6

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the

Year 1791.....1,333 14 —

To D® of the 77th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for D® Year - - - - 2,047 8 —

----- ----- ----- --22,942 4 10

To the Clothier of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, for 183 Days Net Off-reckonings, to the 24th December 1790 - - 1,151 5 6

To D° of D° Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1791 - - - 1,144 Jy n

To D* of the 36th Regiment of Foot, for

183 Days D®, to 24th December 1790 1,130 18 — To D® of D* Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1791 - 1,124 *4 4

To D® of the 52d Regiment of Foot, for

183 Days D®, to 24th December 1790 1,130 18 — To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days D°, to 24th June 1791 - 1,124 14 4

To D® of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for

183 Days D®, to 24th December 1790 1,130 18 — To D* of D° Regiment, for 182 Days D°, to 24th June 1791 - 1,124 14 4

To D*of the 72d Regiment of Foot, for

183 Days D®, to 24th December 1790 1,130 18 — To D® of D* Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1791 ... 1,124 14 4

To D* of the 73d Regiment of Foot, for

183 Days D®, to 24th December 1790 1,130 18 — To D° of D° Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1791 - - - 1,124 14 4

To D® of the 74th Regiment of Foot, for

183 Days D®, to 24th December 1790 1,130 18 — To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1791 - 1,124 14 4

To D® of the 75th Regiment of Foot, for

183 Days D®, to 24th December 1790 1,130 18 — To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1791 - 1,124 14 4

To D° of the 76th Regiment of Foot, for

183 Days D®, to 24th December 1790 1,130 18 —

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1791 - - 1,124 14 4

Vol.47. Bb

Army Extra-ordinaries.

tTo

Army Extra-ordinaries.

t

t

8° Febtuttrii.

A. 1792.

To the Clothier of the 77th Regiment of toot, for 183 Days Net Off-reckonings, to 24th December 1790 - -

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1791 - - i>124 14 4

£.d.

22,596 *6 5

To the Agent of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of 365 Days Arrears, to the 24th December 1789 - - - - 1,260 1 1

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot,

on Account of 365 Days D®, to D® 1,141 19 6

To D* of the 52d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D®, to D® - 1,141 *9

To D® of the 71st Regiment of Foot,

bn Account of 365 Days D°, to D® - 1,191 8 3

To D® of the 72d Regiment of Foot,

bn Accouni of 36.5 Days D®, to D® - 1,141 19 To D® of the 73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D°, to 24th ' December 1789 -

To D® of the 7,5th Regiment of Foot,

on Account of 365 Days D", to D° - 1,141 19 6

To D® of the 76th Regiment of Foot,

on Account of 365 Days D®, toD® - 1,141 19 6

To D® of the 77th Regiment of Foot,

on Account of 365 Days D®, to D® - 1,141 19 6

6

- 1,141 19 6

10,445 5 10

63,062 12 1

340,306 —

N. B. When Remittances are made from India, the Public will have Credit, in a future Account of Extraordinaries, for the above mentioned Sums issued to the Agents and Clothiers of sundry Regiments serving in the East Indies.

War Office,

8 February 1792.

ESTIMATE

32 Geo. III.

8° Februarii.

95

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Troops in the

Service in East India, for the Year 1792, being 366 Days. EttSt Indl"'

Sir William Howe’s Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th December 1791 to 24th December 1792, both inclusive.

Pay....

Clothing -

Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeon, and Riding Master -

Numbers.

Total for this Regiment

Lieutenant General St. John’s Regiment of Foot

Pay....

Clothing - -

Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, and Sur-

geon

Total for this Regiment

General Trapaud’s -

Major General Gordon’s Major General Murray’s Major General Medows’s Major General O’Hara’s Major General Abercromby’s Major General Musgrave’s -Colonel Marsh’s - -

the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the same

Total

1,132

1.132

1.132

1.132

1.132

1.132

1.132

1.132

1.132

512

Charge for 366 Days.

10,l88

10,700

£. s. d.

13,117 15 6

2,776 3 6 I

253 6 6*

427 16 —

i.5,977 2 4}

3,068 8 9*

272 7 4

843 5 —

20,161 3 6

20,161 3 6

20,161 3 6

20,161 3 6

20,161 3 6

20,161 3 6

20,161 3 6

20,161 3 6

20,161 3 6

- £.

s. d.

16,575

181,450 11 6

198,'025 13 1

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, &c." the India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in proportion to the Number of lro.-ps sent, or to be sent, to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the Indies only: And, as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of the Additional recruiting for the Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present, for this Purpose, the Sum of £. 8,345. i6,y. 2d. which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate.

Vol. 47,

ESTIMATE

8° Februarii.

J. 1792.

Tioops in the ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additionals to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East India.

East Indies. , ° . _ .

and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of loot on the like, Service, from 25th December

1791 to 24th December 1792, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 366 Days.

r a / A

i ir William Howe’s Regiment of Light Dragoons. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Pay of Additionals ----- - 8 369 4 3 £

Clothing - - - - 44 16 10

Agency ----- -- 3 8 7

In all, for the Additionals - - - 417 9 8

Lieutenant General St. John’s Regiment of Foot, One

Company Pay of Commissioned and Non-Commissioned ♦

Officers ----- -- 24 - 697 3 —

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers - - 128 16 —

Agency ----- -- 16 14 G

Allowance to the Captain - - - - 38 5 —

In all, for One Company - - - 880 18 G

0 General Trapaud’s - - - the same - - - 24 880 18 G

Ma jor General Gordon’s - - the same - - - 24 - 880 18 6

Major General Murray’s - - the same - - - 24 - 880 18 6

Major General Medows’s - the same - - - 24 - 880 18 6

Major General O’Hara’s - the same - - - 24 - 880 18 6

Major General Abercromby’s the same - - - 24 - 880 18 G

Major General Musgrave’s - the same - 24 - 880 18 G

Colonel Marsh’s - - - - the same - 24 . 880 18 6

216 7,928 G G

Total ----- 224 £. S,345 16 2

War Office,

8 February 1792. Geo.

Paymaster ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; to Allow- the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the

ances. Comptrollers of the Accompts of the 'Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Pay-

master General, for the Year 1792.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &c.

Fees at the Exchequer -

Secretary at War, his Deputy, Clerks, &c.

Commissary General of the Musters, and Ditto -

Judge Advocate General -

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army

Total

£. s. d.

18,344

12,000 L

- 9*977 3 5

- 4,492 13 9

2,421 8 —

- 5,103

- £. 52,338 5 2

War Office,

8 February 1792.

ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th December 1791 to 24th December 1792, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Supernumerary Officers.

Horse Grenadier \ Guards.

''x Lieutenant Colonel

2 Majors

3 Lieutenants and Captains

1 Lieutenant and Captain

2 Guidons and Captains -6 Sub Lieutenants -

2 Adjutants -2 Chaplains - -

2 Surgeons -2 Riding Masters -

each £.457- ,0-

356. 17.

338. n. 228. 15-173- *7-

- J22. —

146. 8.

45- 15-

Agent -

Deputy Provost Marshal

Foot. 1 Major and Captain

Invalids.

f 1 Major and Captain 2 Captains 1 Lieutenant -

each £. 173- 7-

Agency -

41st

Regiment of Foot, or Invalids.

'1 Lieutenant Colonel, as Colonel and Captain -5 Captains ... - each £. 171. 16. 6.

8 Lieutenants - - - 80. 3- 8f.

7 Ensigns.....63. — — L "

1 Adjutant

1 Quarter Master ——

1 Surgeon ——

1 Surgeon’s Mate ——

Agency

Allowances f6 Captains each £. 80 -to \Surgeon.

£.480. ——

82. 2. 6.

Companies of Invalids. \

13 Captains -

14 Lieutenants 10 Ensigns -

Agency

Allowances to 13 Captains

each £.171. 16. 6.

- 80. 3- 8»-

- - 63. ——

each £.80. —

Total

Charge for 366 Days.

r ~\

£. s. d. £. </.

549 — —

9*5 — —

1,070 11 —

155 11 - —

677 2 —

L372 10 —

347 14 —

244 — —

292 l6 —

91 10 —

5,715 14 —

80 — —

25 — — - 5,820 14

" - - 260 — 6

260 6

346 14 —

80 17

687 12 5 I

17 3 9* 704 16

3

412 , 7 7 T

859 2 6

641 9 8

44i — 5 T

68 14 7t

80 3 8 I

68 14 7 T

60 2 9 i

2,631 15 11

23 7 2

562 2 6 3,217 5

7

2,233 14 6

1,122 630 11 11

— 71

3,986 7 2. X

35 7 7

1,040 — — 5,o6i 14 8

- - £. 15,064 11 —

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

Vo L. 47.

C c

ESTIMATE

8° Febrmrn.

A. IT

Difnwce

tatwsen

British and Irish Establishments.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference between the British wad Irish Establishment! of Seven Battalions of Foot, serving in North America and the West Indies, from 25th December 1791, 24th June 1792, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Numbers-

Lord Adam Gordon’s Regiment of Foot, First Battalion:

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers and

Private Men ----- -- 469

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men ——

Agency ——

Allowance to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and

Serjeants ——

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment

Charge for 183 Days.

£» St dt

4,207 15 9i

682 8 4* 91 3 8t

270 8 —

5,251 15 10

4,644 1» 3

Difference.

607 4 8

Major General Ainslie’s -Sir William Fawcett’s - -

Major General Bruce's Lieutenant General Tayler’s Major General Williamson’s Lieutenant General Mathew’s

the same the same the same the same the same the same

469

469

469

469

469

469

607 4 8

607 4 8

607 4 8

607 4 8

607 4 8

607 4 8

Total Difference to be made good

War Office,

8 February 1792.

- 3,283

Geo. Yonge.

4,250 12 8

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Five Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, the West Indies, and Gibraltar, from 25th June 1792 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 183 Days. Difference,

Sir William Fawcett’s Regiment of Foot:

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers and £. s. d. £. s. d.

Private Men - 399 3,887 10 9*

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private

Men - - - 601 14 10 \

Agency ----- ---- 87 12

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and

Serjeants ----- --- 1 OO O es

4,847 6 2

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment - 4,26b 13 3

— — 580 12 11

Major General Bruce’s - - the same - 399 _ - _ 580 12 11

Lieutenant General Vaughan’s the same - 399 mm + mm 580 12 11

Earl of Eglintoune’s - - - the same - - - 399 580 12 11

Lieutenant General Morris’s - the same - 399 - 580 12 11

Total Difference to be made good »>995 £. 2,903 4 7

War Office,

8 February 1792. Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE

8° Februani,

99

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Recruiting and Contingencies of His Majesty’s Land Forces; of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to the Troops in Great Britain; and ef Poundage to be returned g*nci to the Infantry, for the Year 1792.

For the Recruiting and Contingencies of His Majesty’s Land Forces, upon Account For the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to the Troops in Great Britain, upon Account ——

Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, upon Account ——

Total - -

£. s. d.

64,500 ——

23,000 ——

>0,537 *5 —

98,037 —

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, for the Year 1792.

Chelsta Pen-skideri.

Pay, per Annum, of 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers -

Clothing for Ditto - - -....

Salaries of the Governor, and other Officers -

Board Wages, and Table for Ditto - -

Surgeon and Apothecary ....

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary -

Tradesmen ——

Provisions -

Contingencies, and Extraordinaries -

Deduet, out of Poundage on Out-Pensions for 1792, and on Account of unclaimed Gibraltar Prize Money ....

In all to be made good for 1792 - - - - £.

£. s. d. 1,266 2 4

992 19 5 3,821 9 —

493 10 — 1,800 ——

3.000 ——

4.000 ——

8,623 ——

4.000 -

27,997 — 9 6,200 ——

21,797 — 9

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

Vol. 47.

ESTIMATE

Widows ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Pen8i0M- Year 1792.

Numbers.

32 -

24

18 -

150 -

159 '

119* -

1

Rank of their late Husbands.

- Widows of Colonels

- ----- Lieutenant Colonels

----- - Majors -

----- Captains

- ---- Lieutenants

----- - Ensigns, &c.

- Physician’s Widow -

Rate of Pension.

503

The Amount of Twelve Pence in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above stated ....

Salary of the Deputy Paymaster, per Annum -

In all

From which may be deducted the following Sums, already voted; viz. On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons, 1792 D° - - for the Marine Corps.

Remains to be provided

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo. Y

Charge.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

50 1,600

40 960

30 540

26 3,900

20 3,180

16 1,904

30

12,114

605 14 —

100 cr i a

7 UJ *4

- 12,819 14 —

2,62910 —

808 19 4 3,43 s — 2

£. 9,381 13 10

N. B. In the 119 Widows above mentioned, are included the Widow's of Cornets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, and Surgeons, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign’s Widow.

Half Pay. ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1792.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1791 *° 24th December 1792, both inclusive ——

Allowance of One Officer of the Reduced Horse - - - £. 45 15 —

Ditto Five Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards,

at Ten Pounds per Annum each - 5° —

Ditto to Ten Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at

Seven Pence per Diem each - -- -- - 106 15 —

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

Total

£. s.

i59>797 10 —

20a 10

160,000 ——

ESTIMATE

32 Geo. III.

8° Februarii.

101

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Half

American Forces, for the Year 1792.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1791 to 24th December 1792, both inclusive - -

Allowances to Officers of Dit^ per Annum ——

Total -

£ s. d. 55,092 10 — 4,907 10 —

60,000 ——

W ar Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the

Service of the States General, for the Year 1792.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 366 Days, from 25th December 17911 -to 24th December 1792, both inclusive.....-

3.161

10 10

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

Vo L, 47.

D d

ESTIMATE

Garrison and ESTIMATE of the Charge of Garrison and Staff- Officers, and Corps, for the several Periods under Staff Officers. mentioned, in the Year 1791.

Garrison and Staff- Officers in the Province of Upper Canada, from 1st September 1791 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 115 Days ——

Colonel Simcoe’s Corps of Foot, for the like Period.

Pay of Commissioned and Non-Commissioned Officers Allowance for Accoutrements -

Agency.....-

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants - ,

Lieutenant General Picton’s Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1790 to 3d January 1791, both inclusive, being 10 Days.

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men ——

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men ——

Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants ——

Lieutenant General Grant’s Regiment of Foot, from 2' th December 1790 to 2d January 1791, both inclusive, being 9 Days.

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men - -

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men ——

Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants ——

Total

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Numbers.

43

469

469

981

CHARGE.

£. Sd.

494 19 10 368 10 5 10 12 5

116 19 4

229 18 8

37 5 9 i 4 19 8

1416 4

206 18 gi

33 2*

4 9 M

13 6 8 I

Geo. Y

£. s d. 248 14 8

991 2 1

287 — 51

25S 6 5*

£ U785 3 8

Scotch Roads ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North and Bridges. Britain, for the Year 1792, approved by Lieutenant General Lord Adam Gordon, Commander of His Majesty’s Forces there;

Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year! £

1792 J

War Office,

8 February 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

Ordered,

Account of Disposition of Grants presented

Ordered That the said Estimates and Account do Service of the Year 1791 has been disposed of, dis-lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of tinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th Day the House. of February 1792, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied,

with the Deficiency thereupon.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the And then he withdrew.

Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, And the Title of the said Account was read,

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their The said Account is as followeth;

Address to His Majesty,

An Accompt, shewing how the Money given for the

V«i» 47-

An

k

2,0

3 .

g-

s

A>r ACCOMPT shewing h'ow the Money given for the Service of the Year 1791 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th Day of February 1792,

and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

o

D

CQ

r+

n’

CD

CL

o

o

o

oc_

ft

SERVICES.

ffor Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 24,000 Men, including 4,800 Marines, from the

I 1st Day of January 1791 - ....

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1791 ——

g \ Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of the Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and 2; above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1791

Towards defraying the Expences occasioned by the Augmentation and Equipment of His Majesty’s Naval Forces on the late Armament ——

For cleansing and securing the Harbour of Catwater and Sutton Pool, near Plymouth, in the County of Devon

£. s. d.

1,185,600 ——

689,3 95 13 4

506,010 ——

1,565,000 ——

05 / 3 \

CJ

o {M

£. s. d.

381,769 18 3

62,400 ——

3,857 5 1

30,61319 1.

25,27812 —

2,15.9 4 5

151,000 ——

For Ordnance, Land Service ——

For Ordnance, Sea Service ——

For defrayng the Expences of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, previous to the 31st of December 1783, and not provided for by Parliament ——

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament

101789.....- -

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament

in 1789 ----- ----- ....

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament

in 1790- ----- ----....

Towards defraying the Expence incurred by the Office of His Majesty’s Ordnance, on Account of the late Armament

fTor defraying the Charge of 17,013 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain,

Jersey, and Guernsey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Clothing Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, for the Year 1791 - 570,499 11 2 i

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in

New South Wales, including the Pay of Commission Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Clothing the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, for the Year 1791 ----- ----- - 329,544 10 —

For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments, of 7 Battalions of Foot, serving in North America, and the West Indies, for 365 Days, from the 25th of December 1790 to the 24th of December 1791, both

Days inclusive -..... ----- ---- - 8,487 10 7

For the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and 9 Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India,

for the Year 1791.....11,435 12 10 I

Towards defraying the Charge of Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of the Contingencies of the said Forces, for the

Year 1791.....-.....64,5°° -

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1791 - 15,55* 34 5i

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1791 ----- -- 6,409 8 —

For the Allowances to the Paymaster General of the Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Masters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the Contingent Expences of their respective Offices; for the Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of the Forces, for the Year 1791 -.....63,276 5 8

Sums voted or granted.

£. d.

3,946,005 13 4 2,000 — —

Sums paid.

657,078 18 10

£. s. d.

3,460,643 6 61

2,000 — —

500,000 — —

Remains to be paid.

£. s. d.

485,36a 6 9 J

157,078 18 10

.1.

,or #. — ' Vc

..r i*

r n,

\V.

V.

’ 70 I '

r>r tlif Two Troop* Hi*- V itr >79'

'i-l. ________________

*"»' 1 I or*€> Quartl.

Year 1 7<T)1

»4 7 I

.O ______ I

4 »* >-y . I

' \

8° Februarii. A. 1792.

VOL. 47.

M

o

For the Reduced Officer* of His Majesty’. Fond Force* and M»», for the Year 1701.

For the Reduced Officers of the late Independent Companies of Foot, for the I ear 179^ " " *

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1791 .

To the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year 1791.

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year 1791 For die several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1791 - -

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, for the Year 1791 ——

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1791 - - - - . - _ -

For defraying the Charge of the Augmentation of the Corps of Foot serving in New South Wales, from the 34th of February 1791 to the 24th of December following.

For defraying the Charge of Subsidy which will be due to the Landgrave of Hesse Caasel, for the Year 1791, pursuant to Treaty ——

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, from the 25th of December 1789 to the 24th or December 1790, and not provided for by Parliament ——

Towards defraying the Charges incurred by the late Armament, as far as the same can be made up at the War Office Towards defraying the Expence of Provisions purchased for the Use of the Troops in the East and West Indies, in Consequence of the late Armament ——

- £.

155*87 5 5

10.000 — - —

212 14 7

55*092 10 — 4,907 10 — 3,161 10 10

9*7io 4 3

174,167 4 31

*754 5 8 i

36,093 15 —

335*34 18 —

64.000 — —

41.000 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of January

179* - ....

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th June 1791 to the 24th of June 1792 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John, in America, from the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of

January 1792 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1791 to 24th of June 1792 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st of April 1791 to the 1st of

April 1792 ----- ----- ---..... -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of January 1792 -

For defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1791 to the 24th of

June 1792....

For defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of January

1792 ....

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of October 1791 to the 10th of October 1792 -

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa ——

For the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1791

For carrying on and completing the Buildings at Somerset House ——

For defraying the Extraordinary Expenses attending the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin -

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Mint, in the Year 1790. ——

To the Representatives of Gabriel Johnston, formerly Governor of North Carolina, being an Arrear of Salary due to him, as Governor of that Province ——

To enable His Majesty to discharge the Annuity granted to his late Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, from the Time it was last paid to the Day of his Death ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence To make good the like Sum which has been issued, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to make good a Claim of the Sons of the late Bey of Algiers ——

To discharge a Debt for Stone Masons Work, which was omitted to be inserted in the Statement of the Debts of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, previous to the 21st May 1787 ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of Addresses ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire.....- - -

£. «. d. £. t. <L

1*961,326 10 101 1,943,803 8 3 j

6,376 17 6 6,376 17 6

4,400 4,400

1,840 1,840

2,100 500

1,182 10 — 1,182 10 —

4,180 2,166

580 -

600 — — 4*758 6 3 f 13.000 5*9H 4 3 25.000 i,565 — 3 12,016 18 7$ 4*758 6 3f 13*000 5*9H 4 3 10,000 — — 1,565 — 3 12,016 18 7J

2,018 19 2 2,018 19 2

1,546 7 10 34*10 5 — 1,546 7 10 34*1° 5 —

6,762 19 — 6,762 19 —

3,500 67,948 12 10 3,500 67,948 19 10

14*153 3 9 14,153 3 9

£ cL

18,5*3 7

1,600 — —

9,014 — 580 — 600 —

15,000 —

8

n

32 Geo. III. 8° .

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

n

a, a

©T

C S’

Relief and Benefit of

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government To make good to His Majesty the like Hum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay the Fees at the Exchequer on 49,556. 17. 6, issued as a Compensation to the several Persons who were Proprietors of Lands in the Province of Georgia, which, by virtue of the Treaty of Peace, were ceded to the United States of America ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Alexander Davison, Esquire, to reimburse the Charge of purchasing 500 Casks of Hemp Seed, consigned to Lord Dorchester, for the Use of His Majesty’s Subjects in Canada To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to John Wigglcsworth, Esquire, to pay Arrears of Contingencies due to sundry Persons from the Office for auditing the Public Accompts, to the 25th of March 1791 ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued for defraying the Expence of sending Provisions and sundry Articles to the Settlements in New South Wales ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Representatives of Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining

and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoaze, at Plymouth.

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Ships from the Coast of Africa ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists ——

To make Compensation to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and the Clerks employed by them, voted 24,000l. but satisfied with ——

To make Compensation to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Rights of the Persons who have suffered in Consequence of the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain, and the Officers and Clerks employed by them, voted 5,100l. hut satisfied with - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1789, at Lady Day 1791.

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Year 1789, at Michaelmas 1791 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1790 ——

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of 3,500,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 30 Georgii 3tU, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament for the Service of the Year 1791, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of 2,000,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 30 Georgii 3ni, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament for the Service of the Year 1791, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -To payoff and discharge the Principal Sum of 1.000,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 30 Georgii 3tU, for the Ises and Purposes therein mentioned, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same ——

For Payment of such Part of the Principal, and Interest thereon, to the 10th of October 1791, on all Orders made out pursuant to an Act 28 Georgii 3fli, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered by the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain -For Payment of such Part of the Principal, and Interest thereon to the 10th of October 1791, on all Orders made out pursuant to an Act of 30 Georgii 3tu, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America; for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered by the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain -For Rewards to the Officeis of the Exchequer for paying the said Orders of the 28 and 30 Georgii 3ni ——

To the Usher of the Exchequct, for Necessaries furnished the said Offices for paying the said Orders To the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Deficiency on which the Bank Loan, in consequence of unclaimed Dividends, is founded, by an Act of 31 Gcor*?? ;pii ——

To John Farhill, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of the said Commission

1

£. s. d. £ s.

31,000 31,000

1,271 17 — 1,271 17 _

775 18 H 775 18 8

76G 16 6 766 16 6

4>237 4 1 4,237 4 1

29, Gi3 1 8 29,613 1 8

41,716 10 7 41,716 10 7 i 1

10,849 1 6 10,849 1 6

500 500

4,000 4,000

3,600 3,600

23,440 23,440

4,800 4,800 — —

274,956 13 11 274,956 13 11

218,475 7 1 i 218,475 7 1

207,728 3 1 207,728 3 1

3,616,295 5 5J 3,616,295 5 5J

2,066,818 6 8 2,066,818 6 8

1,029,425 4 2 1,029,425 4 2

231,533 8 7$ 228,238 n 7f

92,5flO 17 6 86,079 14 21

1,180 16 — 1,180 16 —

80o 15 3 860 15 3|

123,260 19 3 123,260 19 3

1,399 7 — 654 19 —

£ s.

o

3,294.16 11 £ 6,511 3 3?

744 8 —

mi \ * It

or r . 1

*' *0 »,v

.i'*'

' If,

»v

C.\

'trih,

tUc* Proprietors of tiir nrvornl

t

4

8° Februarii. 1792.

g

cq'

N

CD

Q.

C7

c

o

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietor* of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 31 Georgii 3*u ——

To the said Governor and Company, in Reward for receiving the Contributions, and paying the Prizes in the said Lottery, and for Discount on prompt Payments

For the Charges and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof....

£4

500,000 — — 1,44* 95

12,000 ——

l5> 314,599 11 1

1,500 ——

14,111,349 5 3

WAYS and MEANS for answering the same; viz*.

£. d.

2.000. 000 ——

750,000 ——

303,221 9 —

1.300.000 — —

2.375.000 ——

806,250 ——

3.500.000 ——

2.000. 000 — —

1.833.000 ——

10,137 4 —

By 4s. per Lib. on Land.

By the Duty on Malt continued Anno 1791.

£ Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th Day of April 1791.

Out of the Monies of the Surplus of the said Consolidated Fund, after the said 5th of April 1791.

Further out of the Monies arising of the Surplus of the said Consolidated Fund.

By a Lottery.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1792.

By Exchequer Bills, charged further on Ditto.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on sundry Taxes, granted Anno 1791.

Remaining in the Exchequer of the Money set apart for Bounties on Hemp and Flax in England.

d.

£. €.

316,881 1

409.378 6 40,000 ——

A

14,877,608 13 — *

436,990 18 — Deficiency of Ways and Means.

£.15,3H,599 11 1

Towards satisfying the Services,

There remains in the Exchequer of the Consolidated Fund

Of Lottery Contributions....

To be raised by Exchequer Bills on Credit of the Malt Duty

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Services -

Memdum,

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz*.

For the late African Company’s Creditors -For Georgia Bills, Residue of 15,496/. 19*. 1 \d.

To make good the Deficiency of the Duty of and £ per Cent.

granted Anno 1785 -To complete 600l. granted Anno 1788, for the Salary of the Chief Justice of Dominica ——

To complete 600 / granted Anno 1789, for the Salary of D° -To pay Principal and Interest of Orders made out, pursuant to an Act 28 Georgii 3*11, for the Relief of American Sufferers, and Persons who have suffered by the Cession of East Florida, and charged upon the Supplies Anno 1789 ——

To pay D° of Orders made out pursuant to the said Act, and charged on Supplies Anno 1790 ——

To pay D° of Orders made out, pursuant to an Act 30 Georgii 3tU, and charged on D° -

500,000 -

L441 9 5

10,500 — -r

1,2.03,250 5 I®

766,«59 7

436,990 i# — i

£. *.d.

goo la 10

57° >7 7f

816 13

388 10 6 87 18 11

2,608 6 io£ 2,201 16 11 { 9,806 — 2 f 17,380 17 5

Presented the 8th Day of February 1792, by

IV. Speer.

s

3

1

92 Geo. III. 8° Febrmrii.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Yoxfordand A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and Aldeburgh others, of the Town and Borough of Aldeburgh, in the tions* 6 *" County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Aldeburgh is a Sea Port, and very large Quantities of Corn, the Produce of the adjacent Country, are constantly shipped there for London and other Markets, and considerable Quantities of Coals imported, and, the Harbour being extremely good, the Trade is capable of great Extension; and that the Road from to Aldeburgh, through

Middleton, Theberton, Leiston, and

Haslewood, and also the Road from to

Aldeburgh, through Benhall, Sternfeld, Frisian, Buxloe, Knodishall, and Haslewood, and likewise the Road from Benhall to Aldeburgh, through Farnham, Snape,

Knodishall, and Haslewood (which Roads are the only Avenues to the said Port) are, from the Nature of the Soil, so very deep and ruinous, that they are in many Parts almost impassable for heavy Carriages, drawn by the Number of Horses allowed by Law, and on account thereof, the Trade of the said Port is materially injured; and that the Improvement of the said Roads will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and the several other Inhabitants of the said Town, by rendering the Communication with the adjacent Country more easy and commodious, and increasing the Trade of the said Port, but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, and keeping the same in Repair, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Mr. Goddard,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners, and Occupiers, in the Parishes through which the several Roads, or Branches of Road, pass from Vox

mundham, and Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to Aldeburgh, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Yoxford aforesaid, through Middleton, Theberton, Leiston, Aldringham, and Haslewood, and also the Road from Saxmundham aforesaid to Aldeburgh, through Benhall, Sternfeld, Friston, Buxloe, Knodishall, and Haslewood, and likewise the Road from Benhall aforesaid to Aldeburgh, through Farnham, Snape, Friston, Knodishall, and Haslewood, are, from the Nature of the Soil, very deep and ruinous, in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, and keeping the same in Repair, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

lipton and A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying \\ellesbourne into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Tenth UoacTpeti- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-tion. pairing and widening the Road from Upton, in the

Parish of Ratley, to the North End of Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Wellesbourne , in

the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Sir Robert Lawley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Upper the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lund and Ground, within the Township of Upper Eating ton. Petition, in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in the County of Warwick, called Upper Eatington Field, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Land and Ground of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Field lies intermixed and dispersed about the said Field in small Parcels, subject to frequent Trespasses and much Inconvenience, and, in its present Situation, is incapable of Improvement, by reason that a great Part thereof is over-run with Furze and Thorns, of little Benefit to the said Owners and Proprietors, and it would be of considerable public Utility, as well as advantageous to them and all others interested therein, if the said Open and Common Field was divided and allotted in specific Shares amongst such Owners and Proprietors, in Proportion to the Value of their respective Rights and Interests therein, and such Allotments inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Field and Commonable Land and Ground, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, and Sir Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors, confined in Liverpool the Borough Gaol of Liverpool, was presented to the Debtors House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and Petition' praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Estimates, Command, &c. pre-

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- seilte<1-blishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, Nova Scot,a' from the i st of January 1792 to the 1st of 1793: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil New Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in Brunswick. America, from the 24th of June 1792 to the 24th of June 1793: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- St. John's blishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from Island, the 1st of January 1792 to the 1st of January 1793:

And also.

Estimate

d

32 Geo. III. 8 0 Februarii. 109

Ope Breton. Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1792 to the 24th of June 1793: And also,

Newfound- Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries 'nA of the Governor and Civil Officers (and other Expences) in the Island of Nexcjoundlan from the 1 st of April 1792 to the 1st of April 1793: And also,

Bahama Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Islands. Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1792 to the 1st of January 1793: And also,

Bermuda A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of islands. " the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of " June 1792 to the 24th of June 1793 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of Dominica.

" the Island of Dominica, from the 1st of January 1792 " to the 1st of January 1793 And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- New South blislnnent of New South IFales, from the 1 oth of October 'Valcs-1792 to the 10th of October 1793: And also,

Estimate of the Expence attending the Civil Esta- Upper blishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from the Canada. 31st of December 1791 to the 31st of December 1792:

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Totals of the Estimates." Totals of the And the Titles of the said Estimates and Papers Estima, es* were read.

The said Estimates and Papers are as followeth;

viz.

S

L

E S TI MATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in Nova Scotia.

America, from the 1st of January 179 2 to the 1st of January 1793.

To the Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer -

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Treasurer ——

Agent ----- -....

Allowance to a Bishop ----- ----- - *

- - D° — to Ministers ——

- - D° - - towards building a College - - - - -.-

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England

Mrs. How’s Annuity ——

Allowance to the Superintendant of the Fishery ——

On Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit of Grants - -

Allowance to the Reverend Mr. Bennett, as in the preceding Estimate -

Allowance to the Reverend Dr. Breynton, D* ——

D' to the late Register, whose Office is united to that of Secretary, until otherwise provided for

Total. - - £.

L s. d.

1.000 ——

SjO ——

1.50 ——

250 ——

100 ——

150 ——

50 ——

200 ——

700 ——

‘X'5 ——

1.000 -

7 5 ——

10 ——

200 ——

200 ——

100 ——

150 ——

136 17 (i

6,376 17 6

Deduct therefrom a Sum remaining in the Agent's Hands of a former Grant of Parliament -

Whereby this Estimate is reduced to - - - - £.

1,000 ——

5,376 17 f>

id’s

Vol. 47.

F f

ESTIMATE

8° Febraarii.

A. 1792.

New Brunswick.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of , in America, from the 24th of June 1792 to the 24th of June 1793.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice.....-

Salary to Three Assistant Judges, at £.300 each ——

Attorney General ... - >- - -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council ——

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Agent ——

To Stipends and Allowances to Ministers ——

To Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies ——

For Payment of, Deficiencies in former Years, occasioned by the Contingent Fund not having been increased in Proportion to the Increase of the Estimate, and towards preventing the like Deficiencies in future ——

£. s. d.

1,000 — —

500 ——

900 ——

150 ——

250 ——

100 ——

150 ——

150 ——

700 ——

500 ——

120 — —

Total -

- £.

4,520 ——

St. John’s Island.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Jolm, in America, from the 1st of January 1792 to the 1 st of January 1793.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -Chief Justice

Attorney General - -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer -Provost Marshal -

Minister ——

Surveyor General -

Agent - - , -

Allowance for Contingencies -

- - D° - - on Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Auditing ——

- - D8 - - to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, until otherwise provided for

To replace a Sum advanced to the late Clerk of the Council, on Account of the Arrears of an Allowance of £. 60 a Year made to him, until otherwise provided for -Remainder of the said Allowance, for Three Years, from the 1st January 1790 to the 1st January 1793 - .....-

Total - - £

£. s. d.

500 ——

300 ——

100 ——

150 — —

100 ——

100 ——

70 ——

100 ——

100 — —

130 ——

100 — — 90 ——

100 ——

So ——

2,020 ——

ESTIMATE

32 Geo. III.

8° Februarii,

111

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in Cape Breton. America, from the 24th of June 1792 to the 24th of June 1793.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -Chief Justice -Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer - -

Provost Marshal -

Minister....

Surveyor General -

Agent ——

Allowance, upon Account, for unforeseen Contingencies -

Total

£. s.

500 ——

300 ——

100 ——

150 ——

100 ——

100 ——

100 ——

100 ——

,50 ——

200 ——

1,800 ——

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers, and other Expences, in the Island of Ncufoundland, from the 1st of April 1792 to the 1st of April 1793.

Newfound-

land.

Salary of the Governor -

Governor’s Secretary -

Judge of the Admiralty ——

Naval Officer ——

Agent ——

On Account, for Fees on Receipt and Audit -Expences on a Commission establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction -

Total

£. s. d.

500

jS2 10 —

200

- 100

100

100

- 123 17 6

i. 1,306 7 6

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition Bahama to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending Islands-the same, from the 1st January 1792 to the 1st January 1793.

Additional Salary to the Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Salary to Two Assistant Judges, at £. 200 per Annum each

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council ——

Provost Marshal -

Attorney General ——

Naval Officer -

Minister ——

Salary to the Minister at Harbour Island and Eleuthera ——

- D* - to Two Missionaries to the other Islands ——

- D° - to the Surveyor General of Lands ——

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government -

Allowance to Mrs. Wegg, for the Support of herself and Seven Children, now in Distress, in Consideration of the long Services and Sufferings of her late Husband Edmund Rush Wegg, the late Attorney General ——

Agent ——

Allowance, on Account, for unforeseen Contingencies ....

Total.....£.

£. s. d.

800 ——

500 ——

400 ——

150 ——

130 — —

j5o ——

130 ——

70 ——

70 ——

140 ——

130 ——

700 ——

100 ——

150 ——

300 ——

4,180 ——

Vol. 47.

s A L A R Y

8° Februarri.

A. 1792.

Bermuda

Islands.

Dominica.

New South Wales.

V

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1792 to the 24th of June 1793 ....

Fees on Reeeipt..... ——

£. s. d.

500 — — 80 ——

580 ——

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st of January‘s „ _

1792 to the 1st of January 1793 ----- ---- j ' ’

To cease when a Salary has been provided by the Legislature of the Island.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of A Wales, from the 10th of

October 1792 to the 10th of October 1793.

Allowance to the Governor

Lieutenant Governor -

Deputy Judge Advocate ——

Commissary ——

Provost Marshal -

Secretary to the Governor ——

For Stationary ——

Chaplain ——

Surgeon ——

Three Mates, each £.91.55.

Surveyor of Lands -

Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island ——

Assistant Chaplain ——

Deputy Commry of Stores ——

D* at Norfolk Island ——

Deputy Surveyor of Lands ——

Ten Superintendants of Convicts, at £.40. per Annum each, engaged to serve Three Years after their Landing ——

Agent ——

Arrears of Allowance for Secretary and Stationary, from October 10th, 1786, to October

10th, 1792.....-.....-

Upon Account, for Payment of Fees upon the Receipt and Audit -

£. s. d.

1,000 ——

250 ——

182 10 — 182 10 — 91 5 —

9l 5 —

1 82 10 — 182 10 —

273 15 —

182 10 —

146 ——

91 5 —

91 5 —

915 —

400 ——

150 ——

667 10 — 200 ——

4,726 ——

ESTIMATE

32 Geo. Ill

8° Februarii,

113

t

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from the 3 ist of December 1791 to the 31st of December 1792.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ....

Chief Justice -

Attorney General - ....

Solicitor General....

Two Judges of the Common Pleas, at £.500 per Annum each Clerk of the Crown and Pleas ——

Two Sheriffs, at £.100 each ——

Secretary of the Province, and Register ——

Clerk of the Council -Surveyor of Lands (no Salary.)

Receiver General of the Revenues ——

Five Executive Councillors ——

Naval Officer ——

Expences in passing a Commission under the Great Seal, appointing Guy Lord Dorchester, Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, in America, and the Commission of the Lieutenant Governor of the latter Province ——

Agent -

Total

£. s.

2.000 -

1.000 — — >

300 ——

100 ——

1.000 — —

too ——

200 ——

3°o ——

100 ——

200 ——

500 ——

100 ——

465 7 —

200 — —

6,565 7

TOTALS of the ESTIMATES.

£. s. d.

Nova Scotia 5,376 17 6

New Brunswick 4,520

Island of Saint John - -- -- - 2,020

Island of Cape Breton - -- -- - 1,800

Island of Newfoundland - -- -- - 1,306 7 6

Bahama Islands - - - -- -- 4,180

Bermuda, or Somers Islands ----- - 580

Island of Dominica ----- ---- 600

New South Wales - -- 4,726

Upper Canada - - - 6,565 7 —

31,674 12 —

VOL. 47.

G g

Ordered,

Upper

Canada.

Account of Consol iditerf Fund, ordered.

Richmond Bridge Cash Accounts presented.

Petition respecting the Right of FJection for Steyning.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining io the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1792, of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereon.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from the Commissioners of Richmond, Bridge, attended at the Door; he was called in; and^ at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Account 1790And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Account, 1791."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, on the 7th I>ay of March 1791, the Select Committee of this House, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Sir John Honywood, Baronet, and John Curtis, Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Steyning, reported to the House,

" That the Right of Election for the said Borough wras " in the Inhabitants of ancient Houses, and Houses " built on the Scites of ancient Houses, within " the said Borough of Steyning, being Householders " paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms;’' mid that James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, and certain other Persons, on the 1 st Day of this Instant February, presented their Petition to the House, stating the said Right of Election as reported by the said Select Committee, and that the Petitioners were not satisfied with the said Resolution, and that they were desirous to be admitted Parties to oppose the said Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Behalf made and provided; and that the Petitioners humbly insist that the Right of Election declared by the said Select Committee is the qncient and true Right of Election for the said Borough of Steytiing: And therefore praying, That they may he admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 12th Day of March next, at the same Time that the Petition of James Martin Lloyd, Esquire* William Cooper, John Butcher, Thomas Sone, Siderick Elgar, Richard Jenner, Charles Groome, Thomas Newman, Richard Kemp, Edmund Streeter, William Sharp, Thomas Young, and John Batchelor the Younger, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration,' was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of

Steyning, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Petition of the Most Noble Webb Duke of So- Knooke merset, Lord of the Manor of Knooke, in the County Inclosure of Wilts, and the humble Petition of William Peirce *>etition' Ashe A'Court, Esquire, Lessee of the Appropriate Rectory, or Parsonage, of Knooke aforesaid, and of several other Persons, Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Knooke aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, which are at present intermixed and dispersed, and ineapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Proprietors, and other Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, if the said Open and Common Fields and Downs were allotted, and laid in Severalty, and the said Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Joshua Smith, Sir James Tylney Long, and Mr.

Goddard, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Speaker informed the House, That the Peti- Mr. Speaker tion of Richard Smith, Esquire, presented to this informs the House in the last Session of Parliament, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Thomas complaining

Esquire, fat the Borough of Bosto, in the County of of Boston Lincoln (which Petition was depending before the Election h»<l House at the End of the last Session) had not been newedYc." renewed in the present Session of Parliament; and that, &c. in pursuance of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of " controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament," Mr. Speaker had certified into the Court of Exchequer the Recognizance entered into before him, on the 23d Day of December 1790, by the said Richard Smith and Dudley Long North, of Glenham Hall, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, and John MaunsellSmith, of Saint James's Street, Westminster, Esquire, in respect of the said Petition, and had also certified the Default which had been made in the Performance of the Condition of the said Recognizance.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Justices of Peace, Berwick and Heritors of the County of Berwick, and of the Roads, &c. Trustees for executing an Act made in the Twelfth Petition< Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of " Berwick, at or near Bang house Walls, to " Lancs and Eyemouth, and from the Town of Eccles " to Eyemouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Comptones " Lanes, in the County of Berwick," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act has proved ineffectual for the Purposes thereof, and ought to be repealed; and that the Roads after mentioned, and Branches thereof, the Road beginning at the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Banghouse Walls, by Orange Lane, ton, Hunt hall, Whitelaw -Muir, Blackadder Bank, and

Sunwick,

S^GtQ.III. 8° Febmarii. 115

Sunwick, to Comptones Lanes, on the Confines of the exceeding Six Months Cess of the County: And

said County, the Road from Bang house JValls aforesaid therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring by Eccles, Leetholm, Boughtrigg, Swinton, and Swinton in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid.

Quarries, to Comptone's Lattes aforesaid, with a Branch Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

leading from Swinton Quarries aforesaid by Whitsom, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-to the North of Crossrigg and by Broom-dykes and amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Conny-bank Lanes, to the Water of Whitewater, at or shall appear to them, to the House, near the Bluestoneford, from thence through the And it is referred to Mr. Home, Mr. Murray, See.:

Grounds of Whitehall, by the East End of Chimside, And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine and through the Town, of Ayton, to Eyetnoulh, with a of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Side Branch from Idington Muir by Pielzvalls to Eye- Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. mouth, the Road from Whitelaw Lanes by Kelle and

Chirnside Bridge, till it joins the said Road leading to A Petition of several Burgesses, and other Inhabi- Derby Pa-

Eyemouth, at the East End of Chirnside, the Road from, tants, of the Town of Derby, was presented to the ving, &c.

Earlstonby Greenlaw and Langtonto Dunse, and from House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Pelil, on-

Dunse by Chalkie-lazo and Newton of Edrom, till it and other Public Passages and Places, within the said joins the aforesaid Road by Chirnside to Eyemouth, with- Town, are not properly paved, cleansed, watered, or a Branch from the West End of Chirnside, by the Kirk lighted, and are subject to various Encroachments, of Chirnside, Idington, and Fouldean, to the Confines of Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are in some Parts the said County, at or near the Starch House, the Road narrow and incommodious for Passengers and Car-from Fasney Bridge on the Confines of the County of riages; and that the paving, cleansing, watering, and Haddington to Coldstream by Longformacus, Dunse, lighting the said Sheets, and other Public Passages Nisbet Mill and Darnchester, with a Branch from Nisbetand Places, in a proper Manner, and removing and

Mill by Harcar.se Lanes, Bctrickside, and Swinton, to the preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances,

Lord over the River Tzeeed at Upsetlington, the Road and Annoyances therein, and rendering the same in all from Dunse to Newwater Ford, over the River Tzeeed, Parts sufficiently wide and commodious for Passengers

by Wedderburn Mouth, BlackadderBank, Crossrigg, and and Carriages, would be of great Benefit and Conve-

Fishwick, the Road from Eccles, by Leetholme, Simprin, nience to all Persons residing in, and resorting to, the Upsetlington, and Wester-Shiclls, to the Dam Ford, in said Town or Borough; and that there is, within the said the said River Tzeeed, the Road by the North of the Town or Borough, a Piece of Waste Ground, called Hirsel-Lazy, through SkaithMuirand Todhillrigg, Kerrs-Nun’s Green, on which the Petitioners, and the rest of field, Ladykirk, and Horndean to Fishwick, and Comp- the Freeholders, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses, tone's Lanes aforesaid, with Branches from Neze-Lady- Lands, and Tenements, and Burgesses of the said Bo-kirk Lanes to the Rack Ford, and from Todhillrigg by rough, have the sole Right Common, but from Lennelhill to Gourlay's Ford on the River Tweed, the which they derive very little Benefit, and if the said Road from Lcider Water by Mellerstane Lanes, Todrigg, Piece of Waste Ground was sold, and the Money Old-Greenlazv, Foggo-riggand Bogend, and therefrom to arising by such sale applied in Aid of any Rates to be Sinclairshill, the Road from Eyemouth by Greystonelees to made for defraying the Expence of paving, cleansing, the Post Road at Lamberlon Race Ground, are in watering, lighting, and otherwise improving, the said many Places so deep and broken, that Travellers Town or Borough, it would be of Benefit to the Pe-canoot conveniently pass, nor can they be repaired and titioners, and the other Freeholders, Owners, and Oc-kept in Repair by the Laws now in Force; and that, cupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, and Bur-for the repairing and keeping in Repair the said gesses of the said Borough: And therefore praying,

Roads and Branches, the same ought to be put under That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effect-Tnmpike, with the several Powers, and under the se- ing the several Purposes before mentioned, in such veral Provisoes, in similar Cases given and granted; Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House and that, for the more effectual Execution of the shall think proper.

Laws now in force relative to the Highways within Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the aforesaid County, the same, so far as they concern Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-the Conversions of Statute Labour, ought to be re- amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it newed, varied, and enlarged; and that, as the Funds shall appear to them, to the House: established by Law may be, in many Cases, inadequate And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. to the building and upholding of Bridges, and to the Coke of Derby, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow repairing and keeping in Repair the Highways within Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s the aforesaid County, it ought to be made lawful unto Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Pa-the Heritors and Commissioners of Supply, and pers, and Records.

Justices of Peace of the aforesaid County, to assess the

Landholders therein in such Yearly Sumo for these The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for exe- Estima*es of Ends and Purposes, in Proportion to their valued cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Ordinary,

Rents, as Parliament may think fit; and that the Har- Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad- £javy xt|^0

bour of Eyemouth, which is the only Sea Port within dress to His Majesty, sent/<).

the aforesaid County, and is of great and universal The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for Utility thereto, was some Time ago rendered more the Year 1792: And also,

safe and commodious for the Reception of Shipping, An Estimate of the Charge of what may be neces-by Means of a Pier or Breakwater, and certain other sary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of

Erections made thereon, and in the Execution of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants

these Erections certain Individuals expended, of their Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what own private Monies, certain considerable Sums, on the are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Faith of being refunded by the Landholders of the Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1792.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT

County, and the Landholders did accordingly, at va rious general Public Meetings, pledge themselves in Re-payment of the Sums so advanced, and the same ought therefore now to be levied from the Landholders of the said County, by a fair and equal Assessment, in Proportion to their valued Rents, such Assessment not Vot. 47.

8° Februarii.

A. 1792.

N^vy

Estimates.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1792.

N*

1.

2.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

9-

10.

11.

12.

13-

14-

15-

16.

17-

18.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto..... ——

Superannuated Sea Officers Pensions, and other Allowances

) Yards

28,495 10 ill

10,918 19 5- 4,200 5 —

3,535 18 " 4,057 16 — 6,126 10 —

2,434 8 6

4,946 7 8

(Chatham ——

Deptford - -

Woolwich ——

Portsmouth ——

Sheerness ——

I Plymouth ——

Muster Master, and other Officers of the Out Ports ——

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

Victuals to Officers and Men serving the rein.....-

Charge of Harbour Moorings, and of Harbour Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,"! Buildings, &c - -- -J

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers - -

Bounty to Chaplains ——

Ordinary Charge of Victualling Establishment ——

Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen ——

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1792

f* s. d, 58,715 17 1

39,414 10 4

35,351 5 2

4,508 6 11 81,710 19 3

34,352 11 8

44,8io ——

167,190 ——

172,500 ——

1,231 17 6

36,535 15 1

6,160 17 —

67

2,482 ——

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy amounts to Six hundred and Seventy-two thousand Four hundred and Eighty-two Pounds, for the Year 1792.

Henry Martin. J. Henslow. Geo. Marsh.

Geo. Rogers. W. Palmer.W. Bellingham. Sam'Wallis.

NAVY

g

(Q

r-H

n'

CD

CL

o~

o

NAVY OFFICE, 8th February 1792.

r ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other

-1

Extra W orks, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1792.

Places where.

Deptford - -

Woolwich - -

a

Or

Chatham

93 Neptune

50 Firm -

Sloop Hawke

36 Venus-

32 Active -

Southampton

28 Carysfort

93 Ocean

74 Minotaur

32 Pallas

50 Romney

— Isis

32 Ceres -

38 Latona

32 Iris

98 Temeraire

32 Stag -

— U nicorn

74 Suffolk

Robust

— Resolution

— Audacious

Venerable

— Terrible

— Bellona

— Arrogant

— Zealous

Building, or Nature of their Repair.

Time when may be

Taken in Hand.

Building -

Ordered to be built -Building -Large Repair -Large Repair -Middling Repair fBetween Small and Mid-) \ dling Repair

Ordered to be built -Building -

Ordered to be built -Large Repair -Between Middling and^ Great Repair - -J Large Repair -For completing her Furniture For completing her Furniture

Ordered to be built -Ordered to be built -Ordered to be built -Large Repair -Very Small Repair -Small Repair -

Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -Very Small Repair -Very Small Repair -Small Repair -

In Hand -Uncertain -In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -April 1792

Uncertain -

Uncertain -In Hand -March 1792 In Hand -

February 1792

In Hand -

and Stores -and Stores -

Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -In Hand -In Hand -April 1792 In Hand -April 1792 March 1792 February 1792 February 1792 April 1792

Completed.

Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

March 1792 -

Uncertain

Uncertain

December 1792

Uncertain July 1792 Uncertain March 1792 -

U ncertaia

March 1792 -

Uncertain Uncertain Uncertain March 1792 -April 1792 -

June 1792 -

May 1792 July 1792 -

May 1792 -

March 1792 -April 1792 -July 1792 -

Charge of their TOTAL.

N r Hulls, Masts, and Yards. 'N Rigging and Stores.

£. £. £.

- 4,000 - 4,000

5,oooo - - - 5,000

- 3,050 i,99° 5,040

- 2,000 i,530 3,530

6,79° 2,000 8,79°

" 5,090 1,200 6,290

" 4,000 2,000 6,000

- 2,330 - - - 2,330

11,000 1,200 12,200

- 4,000 - 4,000

- 3,600 760 4,360

- 11,000 1,000 12,000

- i,340 270 1,610

320 320

' 380 380

2,000 - 2,000

T 3,000 m wm 3,000

3,000 - 3,000

- 1,250 330 1,580

1,000 - 1,000

3,730 3,730

5,600 - 5,600

5,3oo - 5,300

- 3,860 m — 3,860

830 - 830

- 900 - 900

3,600 m mm 3,600

o

w

o

a.

o

<V*

Si

wa|

Jv3

Sheerness -

Portsmouth

Plymouth -

64

74

64

50

44

98

50

Sloop

98

74

64

38

23

74

no

80

98

74

64

32

Sloop

Defiance Thunderer -Inflexible Irresistible -Polyphemus

Antelope

Jupiter

Diomede

Prince of Wales Tyger -Swift -Queen Barfleur Triumph

St. Albans -

Phaeton

Arethusa

Thisbe

Aurora

Montagu

O

Hibernia Caesar -Foudroyant -Formidable -Culloden Bombay Castle

Intrepid

Sampson Lowestoffe -Echo -

Small Repair - -

Small Repair *

Small Repair -

For completing her Furniture and Stores -For completing her Masts and Yards

August 1792 November 1792 April 1792

andjj

Building - ~

Middling Repair /Between Middling I Great Repair

Building -

Building -Building -Great Repair -Very Small Repair -Middling Repair [Between Small and Mid-) [ dling Repair - -/

Middling Repair Middling Repair [Between Small and Mid-) [ dling Repair -J

[Between Small and Mid-"] [ dling Repair - -J

For completing her Furniture

Ordered to be built Building -

Building -Small Repair -Small Repair

Small Repair -[Between Middling [ Great Repair Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -

andjj

In Hand -March 1792

In Hand -

In Eland -In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -June 1792 In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -April 1792

September 1792

April 1792 and Stores -

Uncertain -In Hand -In Hand -April 1792 In Hand -April 1792

In Hand -

In Hand -February 1792 In Hand -

December 1792 Uncertain July 1792

Uncertain

Uncertain

October 1792

Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

June 1792

Uncertain

Uncertain

April 1792 -

April 1792 -

November 1792

December 1792 September 1792

Uncertain July 1792 Uncertain Uncertain April 1792 -

October 1792

July 1792

April 1792 -June 1792 March 1792 -

Total for the Ships in the King’s Yards -

9,700 - - - 9,700

- 9,860 - - - 9,860

- 3,3io - - 3,310

- . 1,260 1,260

- 230 ! - - 230

- 3,000 - 3,000

- 4,600 1,000 5,600

- 10,400 - - - 10,400

- 14)000 1,500 15,500

- 2,100 - - - 2,100

- 1,000 - - - 1,000

- 9.500 2 ,6<5q 12,160

- 3,970 - - - 3,970

- 13,170 1,000 14,170

- 8,800 - - 8,800

- 3,900 - - - 3»900

m 7,000 1,300 8,300

- 3,900 1,800 5,700

- 3,"oo 2,200 5,9°o

- - 140 140

- i,ood - 1,000

- 5,240 2,500 7,740

500 - m - 500

— 7,030 f V 7,030

7,900 - ft 7,900

9,4oo - - 9,400

16,000 69O 16,690

7,3oo - m - 7,300

3,400 1,490 4,890

1,200 1,100 2,300

£. 268,380 31,620 300,000

CO

o

8° Februarii. A. 1792.

River Thames -

<5

c

t-

Northfleet Harwich -Chatham -Rochester %

North am -

BuCKI.F.RSII ARD-

MERCHANTS YARDS.

- 32 Andromache Large Repair m In Hand - - September 1792 6,960 - 6,960

24 Amphitrite - - Large Repair m In Hand - - June 1792 3,56o - 3,560

32 Dedalus . Large Repair _ _ - In Hand- - - November 1792 7,800 - 7,800

36 Flora - - Large Repair - In Hand - - November 1792 7,180 - 7,i8o

32 Success - Large Repair - - - In Hand - - September 1792 5,3oo 2,260 7,56o

- Hermione - Large Repair - - - In Hand - - April 1792 - 3,200 2,270 5,470

- - Magicienne - - Large Repair - - In Hand - - August 1792- 5,600 2,690 8,290

- 28 Tartar - - Large Repair - In Hand - - September 1792 6,700 - 6,700

- 32 L’Aimable - - Large Repair m - - In Hand - - November 1792 7,500 - -7,500

- Concorde - Large Repair - - - In Hand - - December 1792 8,900 770 9,670

- 20 Ariadne - Large Repair - - In Hand - - March 1792 - 880 — 880

36 Sta Margarita - Large Repair - - m In Hand - December 1792 10,250 - 10,250

Total - - 73,830 ’ 7,990 81,820

Total for the Ships in the King’s Yards, brought forward - - - - 268,380 31,620 300,000

Total for the Ships in the Merchants Yards, brought forward - - - 73,830 7,990 81,820

Grand Total for the Ships - - 342,210 39,610 381,820

O

o

oo

Woolwich

Chatham Portsmouth -

Plymouth

On Works of the Yards:

Towards carrying on the Outer Mast Pond, with the Return Wall to the Mast House Slip and Wharf at the Front, and Two Bays of Mast Houses, and Part of the W alls of the Inner Pond ——

To complete the Mould Loft and Plank Houses under it ——

Towards building Two new Bays of Mast Houses, with Slips to join those already built, which will complete that Range of Buildings

To 8o Feet running of Stone Wharf, on the North Side of the Boat House Channel ——

Towards carrying on the New South Dock ——

Towards building the New Smith’s Shop ——

To complete the Dam to the New South Dock ——

To blowing and levelling the Rock of White House Hill.

To completing the East Cross New Storehouse ——

To completing the Officers Boat-geer House, Caulker’s and Look-out Houses ——

To repairing Part of the Timber Work of the North Middle Jetty Head, Wharf Wall under, and North Landing Stairs -To digging and carrying away Part of the Rock that the old House, Carpenters Shop, &c. stand on

12,900

1,670

2.000

3.000 13,760

4,070

2.000

700

QOO

200

3,910 2,000

<0

32 Geo. III. 8° Februarii.

Plymouth

W25

«e a

p

Towards building a Wall, digging and blowing away the Rock, Sec. at the East End of the Plank Houses that stand over the Mast Locks, to form the Road in Front of the said Houses -

To completing the building of the New Armourer’s and Plumber’s Shops, Bricklayer's and Mason’s Pounds, &c.

To digging and carrying away the Rock at the North Part of the Yard, and clearing the Ground for building the Bricklayer’s and Mason’s Pounds ——

To building a New Working Shed between the Docks on the Ground where the Old Pitch House stood ----- - r

To lowering the Ground, and forming the Road at the North End of the Rope Houses leading up to the Yard Gates - -

To completing the Repairs of the North Jetty Head, leading into the New and North New Docks ——

330

1,500

400

200

100

360

Total

Grand Total for the Ships brought forward -

Grand Total

- 50,000

381,820

£. 431,820

to

o

ABSTRACT. £. i £.; »

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards - - - {^ng a‘d St0‘re3 I - 268,380! - 31,620/ 300,000 )

For Ships in the Merchants Yards - - - - {lligging and Stores - - 73,8301 7,990/ 81,820 »

Towards Improvements in the Yards - m * — 50,000 -

Grand Total - - 431,820

o

-s

rt.

A

Viz

The Sum of Four hundred and Thirty-one thousand Eight hundred and Twenty Pounds.

Henry M,

Geo. Rogers.

Sam. Wallis.

J. Henslow.

Geo. Marsh. W. Bellingham.

8° Februarii. . 1792.

32 Geo. III.

8° — 9° Fe

121

Committee of Supply.

Accounts of Exchequer Bills referred.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said

Seven hundred and Ninety-one," be referred to the Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless

said Committee,

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Acts were repealed, and the Terms and Powers therein contained reduced into One Act of Parliament, it would tend greatly to the Ease of the Petitioners and the more effectual Repair of the said Roads; and that the Road leading from the Place called The Black Grove, in the Parish of

branching from the Turnpike Road through over Battles Bridge, and through the Parishes of tendon, East and West,

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee, and Great to Chelmsford, and the Road from

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. the Pound in Brentwood, through the Parish of South

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, W

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be - received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,9° die Februarii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

Phayo s.

N ingrossed Bill to amend several Acts of Parliament for regulating the Trials of controverted minting the Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, Trials of was reac| the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to extend the Provisions of certain Acts of Parliament made to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to amend Acts for it

controverted

elections

passed.

A1

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, the Island of Convey, in the

Drainage Bill county of £ssex; And the same was received: and presented, , 7 rr-

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Horn don, Denton, Bulvan, Laindon, Laimlon Hills, Horndon on the Hill, Mucking, Stand] ordlehopc, East and West Tilbury, and Chadxrdl, to Tilbury Fort, and the Road from the Turnpike Gate in Had/eig/i, through the Parishes of South Bern fleet, Thundcrsly, Boners,

Gifford, Pitsea, Vange, Fobbing, Coringham, Stand-fordle/iope, Mucking, Horndon on the Hill, Onset, Little Thurock, and StiJ/'ord, to Sft fjord Bridge, in the said County, are become very ruinous, deep, and miry, and, in the Winter Season, so bad that Carriages cannot pass through the same without great Danger, and the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of the said Acts, and for repairing and widening the said Roads, under such Restrictions, Regulations, and Alterations, as the House shall approve, and see necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bullock,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Debtors, whose Names are there- Lancaster under written, being Prisoners confined in His Majesty’s p^‘)r* Gaol the Castle of Lancaster, in and for the County c 1 lon’ Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Canvey Island Embanking and

Essex, Suffolk, and Hertford Roads Petition.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year Vo l. 47.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed, elected, and Burrnugh-authorized to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made and passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Petition. George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " the High Road leading from Burroughbridge, in the " County of York, through Northallerton, in the same " County, to Croft Bridge, on the River and

" from thence, through Darlington, in the County of " Durham, to the City of Durham," and the other of the said Acts, made and passed in the Twenty-

I i second

122 9° Februarii. A. 1792.

second Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Mr. Rose presented to tine House, pursuant to die Accounts " An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted Directions of an Act of Plarliament, presented.

’* by an Act, passed ki the Eighteenth Year of the An Account of the Produce of the Duties, imposed Duties for " Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High far the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge ooca- defraying

" Road leading from Burroughbridge, in the County of sioued by the Loans made in pursuance of an Act of

" York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Loans.

" Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum

" through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to " of Money by Way of Annuities;" and of One other " the City of Durham, and for making the same more Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for raising " effectual," and also of the several Creditors of the " a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, to be Tolls arising from the several Turnpike Gates or Toll- " attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in Classes," bars erected upon the said Turnpike Road, under and for One Year, from the loth Day of October 1750 to

by virtue of the said Two several Acts of Parliament, the 10th Day of October 1791: And also,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of An Account of the Produce of the Duties, imposed themselves, and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge of the said Road, was presented to the House, and occasioned by the Loans made in pursuance of an Act read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have made great of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Progress in repairing the said Road, and have borrowed Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum considerable Sums of Money at Interest upon the Credit " of Money by Way of Annuities;" and of One other of the Tolls granted by virtue of the said Acts, and Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for raising the re still remains due, and secured upon the Credit of " a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, to be the said Tolls, the Sum of 6,400l.; and that, notwith- " attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in Classes," standing the Tolls collected, and the Money so bor- for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1791 to

rowed, have been duly applied in repairing and amending the 5th Day of January 1792; made up pursuant to an

the said Road, and for Other Purposes mentioned in the Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said Acts, yet, by reason of the many heavy Carriages present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the continually passing thereon, and many of them with " several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting narrow Wheels, which cut and tear up the said Road, " other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said and by reason of many Parts of the said Road wanting " Duties, together with the other Duties composing widening, and the Expence of providing proper Mate- " the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation rials for repairing the same, which are brought from a " of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Proconsiderable Distance to many Parts of the said Road, " duce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of it is impossible to complete the Repairs thereof, and to " the French King, into this Kingdom; and for apply-keep the same in Repair, and repay the said several " ing certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exche-

Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of the said " quer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the

Acts, unless the Terms and Powers of the Acts are " Reduction of the National DebtAnd also, further continued, altered, and enlarged; and that the An Account of the Produce of the additional Stamp Additional

completing the Repairs of the said Road, and keeping Duties, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-ninth of Stamp

the same in Repair, according to the Intention of the George the Third, from the 10th of October 179° to Duties,

said Acts, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the the 10th of October 1791: And also,

Landed Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, and An Account of the Produce of the additional Stamp

the increasing of Trade and Commerce in the said Duties, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-ninth of

Counties of York and Durham in particular, and the George the Third, from the 5th of January 1791 to the Commercial Interest of this Kingdom in general: And 5^ of January 1792: And also,

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in An Account of the Produce of the additional Duties Additional

a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers on Horses and Carriages, for the Year ending the Duties on

of the said Two several Acts of Parliament, and for 10th of October 1791, so far as the same can be made c*rs"‘ld

reducing the same into One, and for the more effectually up: And also,

repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such An Account of the Produce of the additional Duties d°.

Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem on Horses and Carriages, for the Year ending the 5th of meet. January 1792, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- The said Accounts are as followeth;

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tempest, Mr. Grey, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An

32 Geo. III.

9° Februarii.

123

Am ACCOMlPT of the Produce of the Duties, imposed for the Purpose of defraying the increased Duties for Charge occasioned by the Loans made in pursuance of an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of th^Charifo, His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Suin^of Money by Way of Annuities;" and of One other Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of " Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in Classes," for One Year, from the 10th Day of October 1790 to the 10th Day of October 1791; viz.

The Produce of the additional Duties on Horses, granted from the 5th Day of July 1789, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1791

The Produce of the additional Duties on Carriages, granted from the said 5th Day of July 1789, for the same Time ——

The Produce of the additional Duties on Newspapers, granted from the 1st Day of August 1789, for the same Time -

The Produce of the additional Duties on Advertisements, granted from Ditto, for the same Time ——

The Produce of the additional Duties on Cards, granted from Ditto, for the same Time ——

£. s. d.

30,431 6 10

9,005 7 6

7,687 9 —

£. s.

18,632 3 10 4

19,843 14 —

38.475 »7 lo

The Produce of the additional Duties on Dice, granted from Ditto, for the same Time ——

420 15 —

The Produce of the Duties on Legacies or Shares of Personal Estates, granted from Ditto, for the same Time ——

The Produce of the Duties on Probates of Wills* granted from Ditto, for the same Time ——

9,845 ——

29,479 10 ""

----- ----- ----- -86,869 18 4

£ >25,345 >6 aj

Presented the 9th Day of February 1792, by

George Rose.

Vo L. 47-

An

9° Februarii.

Duties for defraying the Charge of certain Loans.

Stamp

Duties.

A. 1792.

An ACCOMPT of the Produce of the Duties, imposed for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the Loans made in pursuance of an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities;" and of One other Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in Classes," for One Year, from the 5th Day of January 1791 to the 5th Day of January 1792; made up pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and " Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other " Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this " Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of " Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt viz.

The Produce of the additional Duties on Horses, granted from the 5th Day of July 1789, for One Year, ended the 5th Day of January 1792 ——

The Produce of the additional Duties on Carriages, granted from the said 5th Day of July 1789, for the same Time ——

18,366 1 11

19,571 17 —

37,937 18 n

The Produce of the additional Duties on Newspapers, granted from the 1st Day of August 1789, for the same Time -The Produce of the additional Duties on Advertisements, granted from

Ditto, for the same Time....

The Produce of the additional Duties on Cards, granted from Ditto, for the same Time ——

The Produce of the additional Duties on Dice, granted from Ditto, for the same Time ——

The Produce of the Duties on Legacies or Shares of Personal Estates, granted from Ditto, for the same Time ——

The Produce of the Duties on Probates of Wills, granted from Ditto, for the same Time - -

£. s. d. 30,328 ——

9,826 12

7,77* ^5 ~

421 ——

9,176 — — 30,158 10 —

87,682 17 —

125,620 15 11

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the 9th Day of February 1792.

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the additional Stamp Duties, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-ninth of George III. from the 10th of October 1790 to the 10th of October 1791.

Newspapers Advertisements Cards -Dice -Legacies - Probates of Wills

£. s. d.

- - - - 3<M3i 6 10

- - - - 9>°°5 7 6

- - - - 7,687 19 —

- - - - 420 15 —

- - - - 9,845 — —

- - - - 29,479 10 —

£. s. d.

86,869 18 4

Stamp Office,

February 7th, 1792.

J. Lloyd, pro Compt\

J. Bindley,

IV. Bai

R. Tick

J. Byng.

An

32 Geo. III.

9° Februa

125

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the additional Stamp Duties, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-ninth of George III. from the 5th of January 1791 to the 5th of January 1792.

Staap

Duties.

Newspapers Advertisements Cards Dice -Legacies

Probates of Wills

£. s. d. £ s. d.

30,328

9,826 12 —

7,772 15 —

421 — —

9,176

30,158 10 — ft7 flfto 1 "7 -

O/jUOx If

Stamp Office,

February 7th, 1792.

J. pro Comptr.1

J. Bind,

IV. Ba

R. Tick

J. Byng.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the additional Duties on Horses and Carriages, for the \ ear ending the 10th October 1791, so far as the same can be made up.

Duties on 1lorses.

Horses

Carriages

Office for Taxes, Sth February 1792.

£. d.

- 18,632 3 101

- 19,843 14 —

Tim. Brent.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Produce of the additional Duties on Horses and Carriages, for the Year ending Ditto.

the 5th of January 1792, as far as the same can be made up.

Horses

Carriages

£. s. d. 18,366 1 11

19,571 17 —

Office for Taxes,

8th of January 1792.

Tm. Brent.

VOL. 47.

Kk

Ordered,

126 9° Februarii. A. 1T92.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. ,from

Consolidated the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Fund pre- in. an(j aj jw presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1792, of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1792, of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereon.

The Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1792, of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereon, amount to the Sum of One hundred Fifty-five thousand Four hundred Ninety-five Pounds, Nineteen Shillings and One Half-penny.

Exchequer, the 9th Day of February 1792.

William Rose Hazcorlh.

Stathern

Inclosure

Petition.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Open and Common Fields of in the County of Leicester, or otherwise interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands within the Parish of Stathern aforesaid lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, with the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, are in their present Situation incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Lands and Grounds, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stathern aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin, Mr. Parhyns, and Mi. Samuel Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Seamen. That Sixteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, including Four thousand Four hundred and Twenty-five Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sum for That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Seamen. Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Sixteen thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For paying That the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of " Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-one," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ditto.’ That the Sum of Two Millions be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-one," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Report

Supply.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Committee ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Ways to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply and Means granted to His Majesty. appointed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Mariue for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces Mutiny Bill while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, the Lord ordered‘

Arden,

V

32 Geo. III.

9° — 10® Februarii.

127

Bill to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel, presented.

Bill for rendering Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus, &c. more effectual, presented.

Petition for a Abolition & the Slave hde.

Arden, and thb Lord Hood, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Fo,t presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Fox presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs " of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a "Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual and for " the more easy trying and determining the Rights " of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Common Council, and other Inhabitants of Leicester, and of those who reside in the Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Correspon-of all Correspondence between the late Sir Archibald dence r«la' Campbell and the Rajah of Travancore, relative to the Purchase or Acquisition oi Cranganore or , by jaycottah,

the Rajah of Travancore. ordtrtd.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Februarii;

Anno 32° Georgii III'" Regis 1792. Prayers.

A BILL for continuing and amending an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of to the Chalk

Pits near The/Jord, in the County of Norfolk, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir John Wodehouse, c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Norwich and Thetford Road Bill committed.

Orders, &c. relative to Tippoo Sultan, and the Nizam, ordered,

Papers re-Uiive to any

Ntgociation oetween Cornwallis ^nd the Ni* i&iu, ordered,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders or Instructions from the Court of Directors, or the Secret Committee to the Governments of India, relative to the Conduct to be observed towards Tippoo Sultan, or the Nizam, from the 1st of January 1788 to the Receipt of the first Accounts firom India of the Commencement of Hostilities with Tippoo.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of Minutes of all Consultations of the Bengal Govern-Earl ment> relative to any Negociation between Earl Cornwallis and the Nizam, 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence between the Court of Directors, or the Secret Committee, and the Government of India, relative to any Negociation carried on by Earl Cornwallis with the Nizam, 1789.

Letters relative to a Loan promised to the Malirattas, ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Parts of Letters from Earl or the Pre-

sidency of Fort Saint George> relative to a considerable Loan of Money promised by Lord Cornwallis to the Mahrattas, in June 1791.

posals for Peace by Tippoo Saltan. Neg,

y&-r <*?

\1:J,

Motion re- A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Utive to Pro- That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Accounts received by the Court of Directors, in their Public or Secret Capacity, from their Servants in India, relative to Proposals for Peace, either written or verbal, made by Tippoo Sultan, since the Commencement of the present War in India, together with the Reasons assigned for not accepting the same, according to the latest Advices;

It passed in the Negative.

Utters Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Oranjanore Extracts any Letters from the late Sir Archibald jiidJaKot- Campbell to Brigade-Major Bannerman, respecting the A ordered. Purchase or Acquisition of Cranganore or Jaycoltah, by the Rajah of Travancore.

Vol. 47.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, having Estates in the Neighbourhood of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately made, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from or near a Place called Bank, near Wyrley, in the said County of Stafford, to or near to a Place called Green Lanes, in the Parish of Walsall, in the said County, and to and into a Farm, called Stow-Heath, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and to the present Birmingham Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton aforesaid, and that Two Navigable Collateral Cuts may be conveniently made, one from the Line of the said intended Canal, at or near a Place called Pool Hays, to part of a certain Farm, called Ashmore Farm, and the other from the Line of the said intended Canal, at or near a Place called Laplcy Hays, to a certain other Part of the said Ashmore Farm; and that the making and maintaining of such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts, together with such other Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also, proper Railways and other Roads to the said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, will open a Communication with several valuable Mines of Coal, Limestone, and other Minerals, and will be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts as aforesaid, with proper Railways and Roads to communicate therewith, in sach Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Ryder, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants, Factors, Manufacturers* and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of

Wolver-

Wyrley and Wolverhampton Caual Petitions.

128

10® Februarii.

A. 1792.

Norwich and Swaflsham Road Bill, committed.

House to adjourn to Monday.

Bridgnorth

Wolverhampton hath, immemorially, been celebrated for its Hardware Goods, and Manufactories, which have been carried on with more particular Success than in many other Places, on Account of its Vicinity to the Coal Mines; and that, owing to the various Canals that have of late Years been made to communicate with the Mines of Coal with which the said Town hath been heretofore supplied, great Quantities of Coals have been carried to distant Markets, and the Price thereof to the Manufactories established in the Neighbourhood of Wolverhampton much enhanced; and that the Petitioners are advised that very considerable Mines of Coal exist in the Manors, Liberties, and Places of and Essington, which, if they could be brought, to the Town of Wolverhampton by Water Carriage, might be the Means of keeping down the Price of that Article, and not only more advantageously supply the said Town and its Neighbourhood, but likewise allow of a further Exportation thereof to distant Markets,"if such Canal was cut through the before-mentioned Places as the Petitioners shall suggest: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, effectuating, and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near a Place called Wyrley, in the County of Stafford, to communicate with the present Birmingham ' Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton aforesaid, or in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the prer ceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the lload from Saint Benedict's Gale, in tlte County of the City of Norwich, to Szcaff 'ham,* in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny in

Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxham, and also a Lane called Hangmans Lane, near the Gates of the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wodehouse, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rosolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Sir.'Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee, Church Peti- to whom the Petition of Thomas Whitmore, Esquire, 110,1 reported. patron of the Parish Church of Saint Magdalen,

in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, William Nichols, Clerk, Minister of the said Church, Joseph Boulton and John Churchwardens of the said Parish, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being. Inhabitants, or interested in the Seats or Pews in the said Church, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. 11

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Haslavood, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Parish Church of Bridgnorth, and the Chancel and Tower belonging thereto, are in a very ruinous and decayed State, and that it is necessary the same should be taken down and re-built — That it will require a very considerable Sum of Money to defray the Expences thereof, which cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament. — And being further examined, he said. That the Church Yard, or Burial Ground, of the said

Parish is too small for the Use of the Inhabitants; and that it would be of Convenience, if the same was enlarged: And the Witness further said, That there is a small Piece of Ground near the Town of Bridgnorth, the Rents and Profits whereof are applicable to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish; and that it would be of Benefit to the Inhabitants if the same was sold and the Money applied in Aid of any Rate which may be made towards re-building the Church, Chancel, and Tower.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for re-building the same, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Parish: And that Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr.

Whitmore, and Sir Richard Hill, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir George Augustus William reported Upton and from, the Committee, to whom the Petition of several ’Wellesboun* of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act {/aSjlJP-of Parliament, of the Tenth Year of the Reign of re*u" His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the ported. Road from Upton, in the Parish of Ratlei/, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s TableWhere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. John Bye being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected, which still remains due and owing, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Upt-on, in the Parish of Bat ley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Hastings, in tl)e County of Warwick: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, and Sir Robert Lawley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Home reported from the Committee, to whom Berwick the Petition of the Freeholders, Justices of Peace,. R°a<is>&c-and Heritors of the County of Bei'xvick, and of the rt*

Trustees for executing an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for.repairing " and widening the Roads from the Confines of the " County of Berw ick, at or near Banghouse Walls, to " Comptone's Lanes and Eyemouth, and from the Town " of Eccles to Eyemouth, and from Aiuir to

" Comptone's Lanes, in the County of ," was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

Clerk’s

32 Geo. III. 10° Februarii. 129

Clerk s Table: Where jthe same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widen-"ing the Roads from the Confines of the County of " Bewick, at or near Walls, to Compton's

" Lanes and Eymouth, and from the Town of " to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Compton's " Lanes, in the County of Berwick;" and for repairing, widening, and amending, several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour, in the said County of Berwick: And that Mr. Home, Major Maitland, and Mr. Anstruther, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Kingston and A Petition of several of the Trustees for the Care Shettbndge Qf the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon tion *11' Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfeld in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the said Road, and also a certain other Road therein mentioned, and in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty an Act was made to explain and render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said former Act, so far as the same relates to the said Road leading from Kingston upon Thames to and

that the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road leading from Kingston upon Thames to Sheetbridge; and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereon, which still remain due; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road leading from Kingston upon Thames to Sheetbridge, be enlarged, and the Tolls increased, and some further and other Powers given to the said Trustees: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road leading from Kingston upon Thames to Sheetbridge, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Clement Finch, Lord William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Voxford and Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to Aldeburgh wj, om the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants,

tion reported. an<^ °^iers> of Town and Borough of Aldeburgh,

' in the County of Suffolk; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners, and Occupiers, in the Parishes through which the several Roads, or Branches of Road, pass from Yoxford and Ben-hall, in the County of Suffolk, to Aldeburgh, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Vot. 47.

Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

George Doughty, Esquire, being examined, said, That large Quantities of Com, the Produce of the adjacent Country, are constantly shipped from the Port of Aldeburgh for London, and other Markets, and considerable Quantities of Coals are imported; and that the Harbour being extremely good, the Trade is capable of great Extension.

That the several Roads described in the said Petitions, being the only Avenues to the said Port, are, from the Nature of the Soil, so very deep and ruinous, that they are in many Parts almost impassable for heavy Carriages, on account whereof the Trade of the said Port is materially injured; and that the Improvement of the said Roads will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and others, by rendering the Communication with the adjacent Countty more easy and commodious, and increasing the Trade of the said Port.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping Repair, the several Roads, or Branches of Road, leading from the Parishes of Yoxford, Saxmundham, and Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aldeburgh, in the said County: And that Sir John Rous and Sir Charles Bunbury do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Aldridge reported from the Committee, to whom Hand Cross the Petition of the Trustees appointed for carrying aild Henfield into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Jionretried, Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from Hand Cross to Corner House, and from " thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham " to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to the " May-pole, in the Town of Heti/ in the County " of Sussex," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with, in respect to the Application for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act; and that the Notices required by the said Standing Orders, with respect to the additional Branch of Road mentioned in the Petition, were given in the Month of January last, it not having been determined to apply for that Purpose till it was too late to give the Notices as required by the said Orders; and that it appeared to the Committee that the said Branch of Road is about Four Miles in Length; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Ellis being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further Powers granted. — And he further said, That it would be of public Advantage, if a certain Branch of Road, leading from the Direction Post near a Place called The Crab Tree, in the Parish of Beeding, otherwise Seal, through the Parishes of Nuthurst and Horsham, to the

L1 Town

130 10° Februarii. . 1792.

Town of Horsham, was kept in Repair, and included it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the in- the said Act, and made Part of the Turnpike Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in Road. at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for is as followeth; viz. enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of an To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present said Acts were read: And,

Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads Mr. Robert Marshall Hutchinson being examined, from Hand Cross to Corner House, and from thence to said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said the Turnpike Road, leading from Horsham to Steyning, Acts into Execution, and have borrowed a conside-and from Comer House aforesaid to the May-pole, in rable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls the Town of Henfield, in the County of Sussex; and thereby granted, 6,400l. of which still remains due also for keeping in Repair a certain Branch of Road — That by reason of the many heavy Carriages which leading from the Direction Post near a certain Place pass on the said Road, the same cannot be kept in called The Crab Tree, in the Parish of Beeding, other- Repair, nor the Money owing be repaid, unless the wise Seal, through the Parishes of Nuthurst and Hor- Term of the said Acts, which is near expiring, be sham, to the Town of Horsham, in the said County: continued, and the Powers thereof altered and en-

And that Mr. Aldridge and Sir Harry Goring, do larged: And he added, That the said Trustees are prepare, and bring in, the same. desirous that the said Acts should be reduced into One

Act of Parliament.

Wei ton In- A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of . Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for closure Peti- Lands and Estates, within the Parish of Wellonin the enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Tw o

tion. Marsh, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the Acts, made in the Eighteenth and Twenty-second

House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, and the Second, for repairing the High Road leading other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, be- from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through longing to the Petitioners and others, which are, in Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge, on their present open dispersed State, incapable of any the River Tecs, and from thence, through Darlington,. considerable Improvement, but if the same were di- in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and vided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more to the several Owners and Proprietors, and other effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said

Persons interested therein, the same might be con- Road: And that Mr. Tempest, Mr. Lambton, Mr.

siderably improved: And therefore praying, That and Mr. Burdon, do prepare, and bring in,

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing the same, and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, and

other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, WestAuck-Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the and Inhabitants, of the several Counties of Durham House shall think proper. and whose Names are thereunto eub-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, scribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ting forth, That the Road leading from the North

Mr. Caxethorne and Sir John Thorold do prepare, and End of the Turnpike Road, called The Coal Road,

bring in, the same. near West Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the

Elsdon Turnpike Road, at or near in the

Borough- Mr. Tempest reported from the Committee, to whom County of Northumberland, through the Parishes of Durham"*1 ^le of the Trustees appointed, elected, and Saint Andrew Auckland, Brancepeth, Lan-

Road Peti- authorized to put in Execution Two several Acts of Chester, and in the County of Durham,

tion reported. Parliament, the one made and passed in the Eighteenth and of Shotley, Saint Peter, Saint An-

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George drew, Corbridge, Thockring-

the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the ton, Corsenside, and Elsdon, in the County of NorthumHigh Road leading from Burrough bridge, in the ,is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in several " County of York, through Northallerton, in the same Places, much overflowed by Floods and Torrents,

" County, to Croft Bridge on the River Tees, and from and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effecthence through Darlington, in the County of Dur- tually repaired, altered, raised, widened, and rendered " ham, to the City of Durham," and the other of the safe and commodious, and kept in good Repair, by said Acts made and passed in the Twenty-second the ordinary Course of Law; but if the said Road Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An w'as properly altered, raised, widened, amended, and " Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted repaired, and necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts,

" by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the and Batteries, made upon the same, it would be of " Reign of His present Majesty, 'for repairing the Utility and Advantage to the Public, and would " High Road leading from Burroughbridge, in the greatly facilitate and improve the Communication be County of York, through Northallerton, in the same tween many Towns and Places in the Counties of " County, to Croft Bridge on the River Tecs, and Durham and Northumberland, and also between various " from thence through Darlington, in the County of Parts of the United Kingdoms of England and ScotDurham, to the City of Durham, and for making land: And therefore praying, That Leave may be " the same more effectual," and also of the several given to bring in a Bill for altering, raising, widen-Creditors of the Tolls arising from the several Turn- ing, repairing, and preserving the said Road, and for pike Gates or Toll Bars erected upon the said Turn- erecting, building, and making necessary and conve-pike Road, under and by virtue of the said Two nient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, upon the same, several Acts of Parliament, whose N ames are thereunto with such Alterations and Provisions as the House subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of shall think fit.

the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was re- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that shall appear to them, to the House: the Committee had examined the Matter of the said. And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Tempest, &c.: Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine

92 Geo. III. 10 Februarii 131

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sfbro3er’> A Petition of Herman Schroder was presented to the Xat-PetitioD. jfouse> and read; JPraying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Pill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burden and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Hull and B«- A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are verity Road thereunto subscribed, being Trustees empowered to eution. pUt in Execution Tw'o several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Road between the Town of

! " Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in

" the East Riding of the County of York," and the other made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of the aforesaid Act, and for repairing the Road from Newland Bridge to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, the greatest Part of which still remains due; and that the Terms granted by the said Acts are near expiring, and the Money due cannot be repaid, j nor can the Roads mentioned in the said Acts be effec-

tually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

jovnbam A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying Market into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the ijadsPeti- twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, in Downham Market, to the Queen's Head, and from the Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close, in the Parish of Barton, and towards Watson, to a Place called The Devil's , in the County of Norfolk, and for stopping up the Road leading from Stradsett, through Barton , towards Watton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which is still due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further Powers given for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered \That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do ex^ Vol. 47.

amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it ball appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Sir John JVodehouse, &c.: And they are to meet upon

Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Ralph Cartwright, Esquire, an Aynholnclo-Infant, under the Age of Twenty-one Years (that is to *UTe Petition, say) of the Age of Twenty Years, and upwards, by Mary Catherine Cottrell, his Mother and Guardian, the Reverend Francis Mapletoft, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of /.lynho, in the County of Northampton, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunder written, Proprietors of Common Field Lands,

Grounds, and Tythes, in the Parish of Aynho aforesaid, in the said County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the said Parish, which lie greatly intermixed, and are of small Advantage to the Proprietors, and in their present Situation incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided and Inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the said Parish of in such

Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Rolle, Mr. Dicldns, and Mr. Powys, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Marine Mu-Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s tiny Bill pre-Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was seiUed-received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1791, ^Report* be referred to the said Committee. cf Public In-

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 1 oth Day come and of May, in the last Session of Parliament, was made ^grerl^ture’ from the Select Committee, to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers presented to the House in that Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what had been the w-hole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and what might be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future, and also what Alteration had taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr.

132

10° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That print or publish, or cause to be made, printed, or pub-he was directed by the Committee to move, that they lished, any Proposal or Scheme of the like Kind or Na-may have Leave to sit again. ture, under any Denomination, Name, or Title what-

J Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- ever, and should be thereof convicted upon the Oath or ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, House, to consider further of the Supply granted to by Two or more Justices of the Peace, of the County, His Majesty. Division, or Liberty, where such Offence should be committed, or the Offender be found, the Person so Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into convicted should for every such Offence, over and Means* a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways above any former Penalties, inflicted by any former 1 eans' and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Act or Acts of Parliament, made against any private Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

or unlawful Lotteries, forfeit the Sum of £. 500; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming,-" it is, amongst other Things,

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, enacted, That if any Person or Persons should, after That they had come to several Resolutions; which the 24th Day of June 1739, erect, set up, continue, or they had directed him to report, when the House will keep any Office or Place, under the Denomination of please to receive the same. a Sale or Sales of Houses, Land, Advowsons, Presen-

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday tations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships, Goods, or Morning next other Things, by way of Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets,

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That Numbers or Figures, Cards or Dice, or should make, he was directed by the Committee to move, that they print, advertize, or publish, or cause to be made,

may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

of Juries in Cases of Libel, committed.

Petition from Proprietors,

printed, advertised, or published, Proposals or Schemes for advancing small Sums of Money by several Persons, amounting in the Whole to large Sums, to be divided among them by Chances of the Prizes in some Public Lottery or Lotteries, established or allowed by Act of Parliament, such Person or Persons, and every or either of them, should forfeit the Sum of £.200, to be recovered and levied in the Manner in the said Act specified; and that, by another Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for licensing " Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of " Lottery Tickets," it is, amongst other Things, en-

Bitl to re- A Bill to remove Doubts respecting the Functions

move Doubts of Juries in Cases of Libel, was, according to Order, respecting read a Second Time.

unc lon* Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole acted, That it should not be lawful for any Person or House, upon the said Bill. Persons to sell the Chance or Chances of any Ticket

or Tickets, in any Lottery authorized by any Act A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are of that Session of Parliament, or in any Lottery thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Printers, and which should be authorized by any future Act of Vd\tors8’ofnd ^1*ors> of Newspapers, Magazines, and other Daily Parliament, or in any Lottery then established, or Newv or Temporary Publications, on Behalf of themselves, thereafter to be established, by any Irish Act of Par-

papers, Sic.and all others concerned in the like Branches of the liament, for a Day, or any less Time than the Whole

Printing Trade, was presented to the House, and Time of Drawing in any such Lottery, or to insure read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the for or against the Drawing of any such Ticket or Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Tickets, or to receive any Money or Goods in Con-intituled, "An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, sideration of any Agreement to repay any Sum or " Mum, Cyder, and Perry, to raise Money by way of Sums, or to deliver the same or other Goods, if any

" a Lottery, for the Service of the Year One thousand such Ticket or Tickets should prove fortunate or un-

" Seven hundred and Twenty-two, and for transfer- fortunate, or on another Chance or Event relative to " ring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land the Drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, whether " Tax for the said Year, and for giving Time for in- as to their being drawn fortunate or unfortunate, or " serting the Money given with Apprentices in their the Time of their being drawn or otherwise howIndentures, and touching lost Bills, Tickets, or soever, or, under any Pretence, Device, Form, Deno-

" Orders, and for exchanging the Tickets in the Ex- mination, or Description whatsoever, to promise or agree

" chequer for Certificates, and for suppressing Lot- to pay any Sum or Sums, or to deliver any Goods, " teries denominated Sales, and other private Lot- or to do, or forbear doing, any Thing for the Benefit

" teries, and for enlarging the Time for the Ac- of any Person or Persons, whether with of without

" countant General of the Bank of England to return Consideration, on any Event or Contingency relative ' " Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer," it is, or applicable to the Drawing of any such Ticket or

amongst other Things, enacted, That all and every Tickets, or to publish any Proposal for any of the Person or Persons, who, after the 21st Day of Decern- Purposes aforesaid, and that, if any Person or Persons her 1721, should make, print, advertize, or publish, or should offend against the said Act, in any of the Mat-cause to be made, printed, advertised, or published, ters aforesaid, he, she, or they, should for every Of-Proposals or Schemes for advancing small Sums of Mo- fence forfeit and pay the Sum of £. 50; and that, by ney, by several Persons, amounting in the Whole to another Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the large Sums, to be divided among them by the Chances Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act of the Prizes in some Public Lottery or Lotteries esta- " to render more effectual the Laws now in being blished or allowed by Act of Parliament, or should " for suppressing unlawful Lotteries," it is, amongst deliver out, or cause or procure to be delivered out, other Things, enacted, That, from and after the Day Tickets to the Persons advancing such Sums, to en- on which that Act should receive His Majesty’s Royal title them to a Share of the Money so advanced, ac- Assent, no pecuniary Penalty or Penalties, which should cording to Such Proposals or Schemes, or should make, be incurred by any Person or Persons offending against

32 Geo. III.

10° — 13°

13 3

such Parts of the afore-mentioned Acts, or any of them, as touch and concern Lotteries, should be recovered or recoverable before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, but should and might be sued for by any Person or Persons whomsoever, at any Time within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence should be committed, and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westmi, and that one Moiety of the said respective Penalties, when recovered, should, in every such Case, go, and be applied, to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who should sue or prosecute for the same respectively: That the said Acts of Parliament, and the Penalties thereof, were not understood by the Petitioners, or the Trade in general, to extend to them, until Michaelmas Term last, when the Judgment of the Court of King’s Bench was given, for the first Time, in an Action brought for Recovery of Penalties under the said Acts, or One of them, against a Printer of a Public Newspaper, for an Advertisement contained in such Paper; and that, from the passing of the said Acts to the Time when the Meaning thereof was ascertained by the said Decision of the Court of King’s Bench, divers of the Petitioners and others have, in the Course of their respective Trades and Employments, inadvertently printed, published, and circulated, certain Schemes, Plans, and Proposals, having Reference to, or depending upon, the State Lotteries authorized by the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland, not being aware, at the Time

of their so doing, that they rendered themselves liable to the Pains and Penalties of the said recited Acts; that Actions have lately been commenced against certain of the Petitioners, and many others are threatened to be brought against them and others, Proprietors, Printers, and Editors, to recover Penalties to a very large Amount, alleged to have been incurred by them under the said Acts; and that the Petitioners feel themselves grievously oppressed by such Proceedings, inasmuch as their having printed, published, and circulated, the Plans, Proposals, and Schemes above mentioned, was done, without any improper Motive on their Part, in the common and usual Course of their Trade and Business, and before the Construction of the said Acts was ascertained, and that, since such Construction was made known to them by an Advertisement from the Stamp Office, the printing, publishing, and circulating of such Proposals and Schemes have been entirely discontinued; and that the Penalties alleged to have been incurred by the Petitioners, and other Printers, Proprietors, and Editors, as aforesaid, amount to many Thousand Pounds, and, should the Payment thereof be enforced against them, most of those concerned in the said Branches of Trade must be utterly ruined, although such Penalties were inadvertently incurred, and at a Time when the Extent of the said Acts of Parliament was utterly unknown to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that a Bill may be brought in to indemnify them, and all others in the like Circumstances, from all Penalties which are alleged to have been incurred under

O _

the said recited Acts, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Biiltoamead The other Order of the Day being read;

Act respect- The Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in

Llmusof Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, inti-

ic"5’ tuled, " An Act for rendering the proceedings upon imted, " Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Na-

Vol.47.

" ture of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; " and for the more easy trying and determining the " Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and " Boroughs," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Junce, 13° die Februarii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIItli Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of arh, in the County of Nottingham, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth; That, upon the 22d Day of March 1791, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of William Paxton, Esquire, and also, the Petition of several other Persons, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, reported to the House, that they had determined, " That the Right " of voting for Members to serve in Parliament for the " Borough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham,

" is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and all the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot within the said Borough and that the Petitioners are advised, that the said Right of voting, so determined by the said Select Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough: And therefore, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, praying, That they may be admitted as Parties, according to the Eorm of the Statute in that Case lately made and provided, to oppose the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee have reported as aforesaid, and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday, the 30th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on th Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Thomas Wilson James Paine,

Robert Murray, Edxcard WJohn Richardson,

Robert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John While, Richard

Roxcland, Joseph Yeoxeard, Ralph , and Joseph Bi 'ownrigg, Citizens of the City of ,was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, by a late Resolution of a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of John Christian Cur wen, and Wilson Esquires,

complaining of an undue Election and Return of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and which, on the 3d Day of March 1791, w as by them reported to the House, that the Right of Election for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, is declared to be in the Freemen of the said City, duly admitted and sworn Freemen of the said City,

M m having

Petition respecting the Right of Election for Newark,

Petition respecting tie Hi glit of Election for Carlisle.

Warwick Election — Petition of Voters.

13" Febrmrii.

A. 1792.

having been previously admitted Brethren of One of the Eight Guilds or Occupations of the said City, and deriving their Title to such Freedom by being sons of Freemen, or by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman, resident during such Apprenticeship within the said City, and in no others; and that the Petitioners are not satisfied with the said Resolution, and are desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose such Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Case made and provided: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 2d Day of next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notices of the said Petitions, and of the Times appointed for taking the same into Consideration, were inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officers of the Borough of Newark, and City of Carlisle, respectively, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, all legal Voters of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are all legal Voters for the said Borough, and that, at the last Election for the said Borough of Warzoick, the Honourable George Villiers and Robert Knight, Esquire, were Candidates, and George Cattell was the Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that the said George Villiers, at and before the said Election, was, by himself and Agents, guilty of various Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and did, by himself -and his Agents, bribe and corrupt a great many Electors of the said Borough to vote for him, the said George , at the said

Election, and the said George Cattell was the avowed Agent and Partizan of the said George Villiers at the said Election, and did, at the said Election, partially, illegally, and unjustly, admit to poll for the said George Villiers, a great Number of Persons not qualified, by the Constitution of the said Borough, to vote, and also received to poll for the said George Villiers a great Number of Persons who were otherwise incapacitated by Law from giving their Votes, whereby a colourable Majority was procured on the Poll in Favour of the said George Villiers, to the manifest Prejudice of the said Robert Knight, of the Petitioners and the other legal Voters who polled for him, and the said Returning Officer did, at the Close of the Poll, declare the said George Villiers to be duly elected, whereas the said Robert Knight bad a Majority of legal Voters at the said Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 8th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought, necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. Farhill Secretary to the Commissioners for .'Reduction of the National Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; vix.

Account of Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt pre« tented.

6th

rT>rn, Ssioners for ’tUc

6th Year.

The AC CO MPT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

r

1791.

Jaa. 11.

13.

Feb.

A-

8.

9-

10.

xi.

X5-

l6.

*7*

18.

3*.

*3. «5. Mar. 1. 3.

3-

4

IO.

41.

1,5-

*6.

18.

jw.

33-

*4-

39.

30. Si-Apr. i.

5*

6.

7-

8.

13.

2 3*

14.

a5-

*9-

20.

21*

*7-

28.

39-

19th Quarter.

Cash Received.

Quarterly Jggue -

Ddon 2,700,000l.^ Consold -

Dw on 785,000 N. fc. Sea - -

Dd On 240,000 /.

175* -

By stock bought

- Ditto -

- Ditto.

- Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto.

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto

- Ditto -

- Dicto -

Ditto -

By Stock bought

- Ditto -

Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto ---

- Ditto - -

Ditto -

Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto.

Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

By Stock bought

Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto.

- Ditto

- Ditto -

- Ditto

Ditto - -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

By Stock bought

£. #. d.

250,000 — —

40,500 ——

n>775 ——

3,600 ——

Totaa

Old South Sea.

Capital.

305,875 ——

8,500

8.400

3.400

i,5°°

2,600

2.400

2.600 8,400

1.600

Price.

81 i

8l

81 i

811

8ii

Sums paid.

s.

2,000

5>soo

3,5°o

3>oooo

500

81 $

sii

75 i 79 i ’78 \

79#

80

53.6oo

6,927 10 6,814 10 — 2,754 — 1,218 15 —

2,115 15 —

1,953 ——

2,125 IO — 6,856 IO — .

1,316 ——

1,517 10 — 4,114 IO —

2,756 5 —

Ne# South Sea.

South Sea 1751.

Capital.

Price.

600

8.400 6,800

8.400

8.400

5,500

6,400

1,400

5,500

6.200

8.200

2,388 15 _ 400 ——

43,258 10 —

k

8,600

9,000

2,900

86,300

801

80 J 801

801

801 80#

Sums paid.

£ t. d.

483 15 —

6,762 — 5,457 —

80 f

811

8»H

81 i 81*

78 # 76*

76 #

6,762 — 6,772 10

4,427 10

5,176 ——

1,139 5 — 4,493 15 —

5,037 10 —

6,672 15

Capital.

7,800

Price.

80#

1,600

3,000

2,000

7,000

2,900

6,740 5 — 6,87315 —

2,222 2 6

69,020 2 6

2,000

80}

80 $

801

81* 81 i

761

6,000

311300

801

Sums paid.

£. d. 6,288 15 —

1,284 —

2,415 ——

1,617 10 —

5,c96

2,3(i7

1,535 ——

4,837 10 —

26,041 2 6

Consolidated.

Capital.

6, Goo 2,000 8,200

Price.

8,200

8.400

8.400

9,000

6,000

8.900

6.900

7.000

3.000

8.500

8.500 5 >900

7,500

113,000

81*

81#

81#

81#

7.9 4 78#

76 B

761 76# 76#

76 j 78#

80# 8o| 80# J

81

Sums paid.

£. s. d.

5,387 5 1,627 10 6,672 15

6,683 — 6,678 — 6,583 10

6,915 — — 4,605 — — 6,797 7 6 5,304 7 6

5,372 10 3,362 10

6,853 2 6 6,821 5 — 4,740 17 6

6,075 ——

89,479 -

Reduced.

Capital.

5,000

7,000

5,900

6,000 8,400 B,450 5, Boo

9.000

9.000

5.600 3,3oo

8.600 5,ioo

2,700

5,5oo

2,400

300

98,050

Price.

8i#

81#

Sums paid.

81#

8* # 81# 8ii* 81#

76 J 76

77# 79 i 78# 7«#

£ s. d.

4,056 5 —

T

5,696 5 —

4,8q8 10 —

4,890 ——

6,835 10 — 6,869 12 6 4,748 15 —

6,86a 10 — 6,840 — —

4,361 ——

2,615 5 — 6,783 5 — 4,022 12 6

2,143 2 6

4,386 5-»,917 - ~ 240 7 6

Total Capital in all the Stoclcs.

8.400

8.500

8.400

8.400

8.400

8.400

8.400

8.500

8.400 8,500

8.500

8.400

8.400 8,450

8.400

8.400

8.400

8.400

8.400 8,200 8,200 8,200 8,200 8,200

8.400

8.400

8.600

9.000

0,000

8.900

8.900

8.900

9.000 0,000

9.000

8.600

8.500 8, Goo

8.600

8.500

8.500 8, Goo

8.500

8.400

8,300

C'.

Cash paid.

£ *. d.

6.772 10 —

6,927 10 —

6,76a ——

6,814 10 —

6,741 ——

6,810 5 — 6,762 ——

6.915 ——

6.772 10 —

6.924 5 —

6.842 10 —

6.843 - —

6.835 10 — 6,869 >2 6 6,874 5 — 6,793 10 — 6,856 10 ~

6.835 i« — 6,860 17 6

6,703 5 —

6,665 ——

6,67a 15 — 6,672 15 —

6,683 ——

6,678 ——

6,583 10 — 6,740 5 —

6,873 15 —

6.915 ——

6,827 2 6 6,797 7 6

6.839 7 6 6,86a 10 —

6.840 ——

6,890 — — 6,723 10 — 6,7*9 >5 — 6,783 5 — 6,778 17 6 6,853 2 6 6,821 5 — 6,884 1 ——

6,775 ——

6,754 10 — 6,715 7 6

78,076 5 — j 383-250 305,875 ——

32 Geo. III. 13° Fe 135

CQ'

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

4

FT

1791. 20th Quarter. Cash received.

Apr. 7. 9- 17^7 Annuities - £. s. d. 12,500

Reduced Dividend 28,875 —

Old South Sea - 16,95710 —

Quarterly Issue - 250,000 — —

Unclaimed A# 21,864 8 3

Expired Annuities 6,107 *3 —

May 3. By stock bought

4* - Ditto -

5- - Ditto -

6. - Ditto -

10. - Ditto -

11. - Ditto -

14. - Ditto -

13.. - Ditto -

17- - Ditto -

18. - Ditto -

19* - Ditto -

20. - Ditto -

24- - Ditto -

*5- - Ditto - -

46. - Ditto -

27. - Ditto -

31. By Stock bought

June 1. Ditto -

?> - Ditto - -

7- - Ditto -

8. - Ditto -

9- - Ditto - - - 1 m —

10. - Ditto -

15. - Ditto -

16. - Ditto -

*7- - Ditto -

21. - Ditto -

22. - Ditto -

*3- - Ditto -

28. - Ditto - -

30. - Ditto - -

July 1. By Stock bought

5- - Ditto -

6. - Ditto - -

7* - Ditto -

8. - Ditto - -

12. - Ditto - -

13* - Ditto -

H- - Ditto - - ~

*5* - Ditto - -

*9- - Ditto -

so. - Ditto - -

21. - Ditto - -

22. - Ditto - -

26. - Ditto -

27. Ditto -

28. - Ditto -

*0- By Stock bought

Total aolh Qr £.

336,304 11 3 95,050

Old South Sea.

Capital.

3,100

1.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

3,000

8,600

8,500

3,000

8,600

6,400

8,600

3.000

3.000 a,000

750

T

Price.

80

79 i

80 J 80 i 80 2

80 £

80}

8i £

81

80 \

8l

8l

811

821

821

83 i

83H

Sums paid.

jfc. s. d.

2,480 ——

J,357 17 6

6,965 17 6

6,981 15 — 7,0-25 5 — 7,036 2 6

2,418 15 — 6,987 10 —

6,885 ——

2,426 5 —

6,966 ——

5,184 — -

7,041 5 —

2,478 15 — 2,486 5 —

1,665 ——

624 3 9

77,009 16 3 23,100

New South Sea.

Capital.

2,000

4,700

1,500

1,000

4,400

2,100

1,400

6,000

Price.

80 I

fio §

8i|

8i|

81

821 82 4

Sums paid.

£. s. d.

1,605 — —

3, SOI 2 6

1,220 12 6

’ 815' ——

3>59J 10 —

1,719 7 6

M49 15 —

4,927 10 —

18,829 17 6

South Sea 1751.

C-pitai.

5,7oo

2,500

2,500

10,700

Price.

8l

8l

8l

Suras paid.

d.

4.617 —

,046

,034 7 6

8,698 5

Consolidated.

Capital.

4,000

4.000 8,700

4.000

3.000

2.000

2,000

7,700

4,200

8,600

7,725

55,925

Frice.

80}

81*

80 §

so 1

81 £ 81

81 J

g, J.1

01 8 4

8l

8l

Suras paid.

s. d,

3,220 — —

3,255 ——

7,036 2 6

3,235 — —

2,437 10

1,620 —

1,630 ——

6,288 17 6

3.433 15 7,030 10

6,392 7 6

45.584 2 6

t :~ (

( ' / ..... I

p-:-' 'i

Reduced.

Capital.

2.700

8.700

4.700

4,700

5,600

5.000

4.000

8,700

2,700

5,500

4,000

8,500

5.500

8.500

8.600 2,200

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.600

5.600 8,500

5,5°°

7,100

6,400

2,300

228,500

Prioe.

79 £

80 80 £

80 80 £

80 80 J

80} 80 $

80 i

8i*l

81

811

81

81* 81 i

81 £

81 £

80 £

82

81 £

81 4

81 £

81 i 81 i 81 £

82 £

8«J

82 £

83 83 83 £ 83

Sums paid.

£. s. <1.

2,149 17 6 7,003 10 — 3.777 12 6

3.760 ——

4,487 ——

4,000 ——

3,210 ——

6,981 15 — 2,180 5 —

4,448 2 6

3,248 15 —

6,895 12 6

4.455 ——

6,895 12 6

6,g66 — i,784 >5 7>°i9 >5

7.041 6,987 6,955 7,134 —

7.090 10

7.090 10

7.041

7.041 7,030 10 —

5

10

5

5 — 5 —

7,041 5 —

7,084 5 —

4,634 " 7,044 7 6

4,565 ——

5,893 ——

5,336 ——

1 ,9°9 -

186,182 10 —

Capital in aii the Stocks.

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.600

8.600

8.500

8.600

8.600

8.500

8.500

8.500

8.500

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.700

8.700 8,70° 8, Coo

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.500

8.500

8.500 8,400 8,300 8,475

413,375

Cash paid.

d.

6,974

7.003

7,033

7,036

6,995

6,967

7,054

6,977

7,ou

6,965

6.981

6.981

7,065

17 6 10 — 12 6 2 6

10 17 6

2 6 17 6

15 — 15 ~

7,025 5 —

7,103 17 6

7,036 2 6

7,030 5 —

7,030 10 —

6,866 17 6

7>oi5 —

6,987 10 —

6,895 12 6

6,885 —

6,881 5 —

6,895 12 6

6,966 —

6,966 — —

6,968 15 —

7,oi9 15 —

7>04i 5 "

6,987 10 —

6,955 5 —

7,134 — - —

7,09° 10 —

7,090 10 —

7,041 5 —

7,041 5 —

7,030 10 —

7,041 5 —

7,04! 5 —

7,084 5 —

7,112 15 "7

7>°44 7 6

7,051 5 —

7,042 15 —

7,001 — —

6,836 10 —

7,016 11 3

336,304 11 3

o>

Q

a

to

IQ

o

1791.

o

o

o

OQ

July 9.

15*

Aug. *.

3-

4*

5-

9

10.

11. 16.

*7-

18.

*9-

23*

*5-26. 30. 31-Sept. l. 6

7-

8.

9-

13-

*4-

15-

16.

20.

33.

*7-28. 30. Oct. 4.

5-

6.

7.

11.

12. 13-14. 19-

20.

21. 26. *7-

Dr-

21st. Quarter.

Quarterly Issue -Consold Dividend New S° Sea -S° Sea 1751 - -

By Stock bought Ditto -Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

Ditto. -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

By Stock bought

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto Ditto -Ditto -

By Stock bought

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto - -

- Ditto -

Ditto -

- Ditto -

Ditto - .

- Ditto - -

- Ditto - -

By Stock bought

TotaJaistQ'- -

Cash received.

250,000 43,7*5 »3>63 5 4>a75

311,635 ——

1,000

3,600

3,000

5,000

5,000

4,100

5,500

8,250

4,800

8,200

8,200

5,800

2,200

8,500

73, >5°

84 i

«5 4

85 i

88 I

88 |

89

88 i

89I

89

87

87 i 87 i

87

86 f

d.

847 10 —

3,069 — 2,57* 10

4,41a 10 —

4,431 5

3,664 7 6

4,881 5 ~

7,394 l 3

4,278 ——

7,134 —

7,185 5 — 5,060 10 —

1,914 ——

7,384 7 6

64,228 11 3

T

8,600

5,500

5,100

3,200

2,000

8,200

4,600

5,400

6,500

4,000

6,0.00

2,200

7,000

6,650

74*95°

84 i

87

88 £ 88 i

«9i

88 |

88 88 I

88 I

88 f

87 i

87 i

87;

87 \

£ t. d.

7,156 5 —

4,785 —

4,513 10 2,824 —

1,78a 10 —

7,287 15

4,076 15 4,779 ~

5,728 2 6

3,540 ——

5,27a 10 — 1,933 5 —

6,151 5 —

5,827 1 3

1,000

1,600

3.000

1.000

6,100

3,600

2,800

7,000

1,200

1,600

4.200

2.200

1,100

62,756 18 9 36,400

87

88 i

88 f

89 4

88 $

88 i

8 9i 881

88 i

87 i

871

rf.

870

1,418

2,625 — 882 10

5,43® 12 6

3,190 10 —

2,478 — 6,247 10

1,063 10

1,410 ——

3,7*7 —

i*933 5

966 12 6

32,268 10 —

3,000

3,000

8,600

3>4°°

8,200

8.200

1.100 8,125 7,000

8.200

8.100

8,100

8,200

1,300

84,525

84 f

841

Mi

89

89 4

891 89 4 89 i 89 i 891 89 i

89

881

88|

d.

2,523 15

2,54* 10

7,289 5

3,030 5 —

7,308 5 —

7,318 10 — 984 10 —

7,271 17 6

6,236 5 — 7,3o8 5 — 7,219 2 6

7,209 ——

7,*67 5 —

1,147 5 —

74,656 ——

5.600

7.600

3,000

5.500 1,800

6.500

3.100 8,200

3.100

4.000

4.000

8.000 2,600

8.000

84$ , «4i i

»5i

85 87. «9l 881 871 881

89 894 88f 1

894 89 i

6,000

2,300

5*000

2,000

85,300

87 i

874

’874

864

£. & d.

4,746 ——

6,449 5 —

1,707 10 _

4,723 2 6 1,579 10 — 5,801 5 _ 2,739 1a 6 7,205 15 — 2,747 7 6

3,560 —

3,575 ——

7,095 ——

3,317 5 7,140 —

5,235 -

3,009 12

4,356 5 —

1,737 10 —

74,725 -

8.600

8.600

8.600

8.600

6.600

8.500

8.300

8.100

8.100

8.200

8.100

8.100 8,«oo

8.100

8.000

8.100

8.000

8.100 8,350

8.200

8.200

8.200

8.300

8.200

8.200

8.100 8,125

8.200 8,200

8.100

8.100

8.100

8.200

8.200

8.200

8.200

8.200 8,200

8.100

8.100

8.500

8.500 8,650

354.325

7.269 15 7.296 i5 7.*56 5

7.319 — 7,289 5

7.295 12

7,234 10

7.319 5

7,152 2

7.205 15 7,178 12

7.168 10

7.266 10 7,239 7 7,095 — 7,198 10 7,140 —

7.219 2

7,394 1 7.287 15

7.308 5

7.267 5

7.308 5 7,357 — 7,3i8 10 7,23* — 7,271 17 7,299 15

7.308 5

7.219 2 7,138 3 7,209 —

7,*57 —

7.267 5

7.205 15

7,134 —

7.168 5 7,185 5 7,070 2 7,117 17 7,417 10 7,384 7

7,564 11

"« $

3

- 3

- fc _ "t

311,635 ——

n n

c* 7 s-

02

g

eg'

r — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

Dr. Old South Sea.

17 91. 20d Quarter. Cash received. Capital. Price. Sums paid.

Oct 15. 21. Quarterly Issue -Old S°Sea Dividd £. j. d. 250,000 — — 19,200 £. £. £. s. d.

>9- 12. Nov. 2. Reduced D° - -1777 Annuities -By Stock bought 34,125 12,500 6,000 8 61 5,1* —

3- - Ditto -

8. - Ditto - - - . -

10. - Ditto - - - ... ... - -

11. - Ditto - - - . 8,500 86 i {; 7,370 i« 6

15-

16. - Ditto - - - - 6,000 861 5,212 IO —

17- - Ditto -

18. - Ditto - - - - 1,000 87 870

22. - Ditto - - - .

23. - Ditto - - - - 8,500 861 7,363 2 6

24. - Ditto -

25-

29- - Ditto - -

Dec. 1. By Stock bought

2. - Ditto -

6. - Ditto -

n / - Ditto - - - ... 8,400 88 7>392

8. - Ditto -

9- - Ditto - - - . 2,000 88 1,76710 —

13*

14. - Ditto - - - - 8,400 89 7,476 —

l.r

ltf. - Ditto - - - 8,200 881 7,28715 —

20.

22 .

23« - Ditto - - - - 4,200 88 3,71115 —

29- 3,738 —

30. - Ditto - - - - 4,200 89

Jan. 3. By Stock bought _ -

4- - Ditto - - - - 8,300 CO 00 7,366 5 —

5* - Ditto - - .

20. - Ditto -

11. - Ditto - - - . 4,100 89 f 3,654 2 6

12. - Ditto - - - - ... - .

13- - Ditto - - - - 7,10° 9° 6,390

*7-

19- - Ditto -

20. - Ditto - - - - 6,100 901 5,535 15 —

24.

26. - Ditto -

27. By Stock bought - 7>900 92# 7,297 12 6

31.

r total !2d Qr - - *15,825 — 98,900 . 8-7,608

216t - - - 20th - - -19th- - - 311,635 — 330,30411 3 305,875 — 73,150 95,050 53,600 - - 64,228 11 3 77,009 16 3 43,258 10 —

Total 6th Year - 1 > i,2C«j,639 11 3 320,700 - - 272,104. 17 6

New South Sea. South Sea 1751. Consolidated, Reduced. cr.

Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Suras paid. Capital. Price. Suras paid. Capital. Price, Suras paid. Capital in all the Cadi paid.

Stocks.

£. £. £. s. d. £. £. £. 5. d. £. £. £. 5. d. £. £. £. s. d. £. £. j. d

2,500 86 i 2,168 15 — 8,50 0 7,343 15 —

8,400 87 i 7,3391° — 8,400 7,339 10 —

5;9°° 87 i 5,184 12 6 2,500 87I 2,196 17 6 8,400 7,381 10 —

5,500 87 4,785 3,000 87 2,610 - - . - - - . - - - 8,500 7,395

8,500 7,370 12 €

3,500 «7* 3,066 17 6 5,000 87 4,350 *8,500 7,416 17 €

2,500 87 2,175 8,500 7,387 10 —

4,300 87* 3,767 17 6 4,100 874 3,592 12 6 8,400 7,360 JO —

7,400 87 4 6,447 5 — 8,400 7,317 5 —

7,000 «71 6,133 lj - w - - . - ... 1,400 87 l,2l8 8,400 7,351 15 —

8,500 7,363 2 6

6,400 87 i 5,600 2,000 M|<4 r^ CO 1,750 8,400 7,35

8,400 86 7,297 10 — 8,400 7,397 to —

6,500 87 i 5,703 15 — - - - 2,000 88 1,760 — - - - 8,500 7,463 15 —

1,15° 87 i 1,007 13 9 . - - 5,750 88 5,067 3 9 1,500 87 4 1,310 12 6 8,400 7,385 10 —

8,5 00 87 4 7,448 2 6 8,500 7,448 2 6

2,000 88 $ 1,767 10 — - - - 6,400 87 4 5,624 8,400 7,391 JO —

8,400 7,39*

8,400 88| 7,402 10 — 8,400 7,402 10 —

6,400 88f 5,664 — — 8,400 7,431 10 —

8,300 «9 7,387 8,3 00 7»387 — —

8,400 7,476

8,300 89 7,387 8,300 7,387 -

8,200 7,287 15 —

8,400 88| 7>455 8,400 7,455

8,200 88 4 7,267 5 — 8,200 7,267 5 —

4,000 88f 3,540 8,200 7,351 15 —

8,200 884 4 7,28110 — 8,200 7,281 10 —

4,000 894 3,565 — 8,200 7,303.

... ... ... ... 8,200 894 7,308 5 — 8,200 7,308 5 —

8,300 7,366 s ~

_ m m _ ... ... _ ... ... - - 8,300 884 7,376 12 6 8,300 7,376 1* 6

8,300 88 i 7,366 5 — 8,300 7,366 5 —

m — m m ... ... _ ... . ... 4,200 89 4 3,748 10 — 8,300 7,402 12 6

m m ... ... . - ... 8,200 »9i 7,339 8,100 7,339 — —

9°i 901 5 — 8,100 7,291 5 —

2,000 89 i 1,787 10 — 6,000 9° i 5,415 8,000 7,203 10 —

... _ - ... - . 8,100 90 i 7,330 10 — 8,100 7,330 JO —

2,000 904 1,817 10 — 8,100 7,353 5 —

7,800 92? 7,195 10 — 7,800 7,195 10 —

2,200 911 2,010 5 — - - - " . 5,^00 92* 5,139 7,800 7.900 7,169 5 — 7,297 12 6

600 92 4 557 5 — T,050 93 4 4 6,583 17 6 7,650 7,140 2 6

52,850 46,386 16 3 13,600 — _ U,917 8,350 7,384 8 9 182,550 . 162,528 15 — 356,250 315,835

74,950 _ _ 65,756 18 p 36,400 - 32,268 IO 84,525 - I 74,656 85,300 - 74,725 354,325 311.635

23,100 . 18,829 17 6 10,700 - 8,698 5 — 55,925 - I 45,584 6 228,500 - 186,182 10 — 413,275 336,304 11 3

86,300 - 69,020 2 (3 3 2,300 26,041 2 6 113,000 " 89,479 98,050 - 78,076 5 — 383,3501 305,875

237,200 1 - - 109,993 15 — 93,000 - -1 7S.D24 17 6 261,800 j 217,103 11 3 594,400 j >01,512 IO ,507,100^1 ,269,639 11 3

Ob

oo

<8

3

Oil

A r »

r /»t,

« ftn.

'X'v>vWV CV -

\ \' A - -\ ~\ -Vftt-I J':- \i i

An ACCOUNT of the Officers appointed by the Commissioners for Reduction

o*

t-> of the National Debt, and of the Annual Allowances settled by the Commissioners *»*

of the Treasury for their Service, Pains, and Labour, in performing the Trust severally reposed in them.

Secretary Agent -Broker Clerk -

Messenger -

£. s. d.

500 ——

300 ——

400 ——

80 ——

50 ——

An ACCOUNT of Incidental Charges. Stationary Office Rent, Sec.

O

"i

An ACCOUNT of Expired Terms and Annuities.

W

O

Unclaimed Life Annuities Expired D* -1777 Annuities -

31,864 8

6,107 *3 —

25,000 ——

ACCRUING INTEREST.

On £.8,279,450 Capital

248,383 10 —

Henry Add.

/F. Pitt.

P. Walker.

S. Bosanquet. Gods. Thornton.

140

13° Febniarii.

A. 1792.

Upton and Wellesbourne Hastings Road Bill presented.

Upper Eat-ington inclosure Bill presented.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers,

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. and Records.

Sir George Augustus William. Shuckburgh presented A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Avebury to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the reunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Inclosure the Term of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present the Common or Open Fields, Common Meads, and etlton' Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Upton, in the Parish of Ratley, to the North End of Avebury, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Wellesbourncthe said Parish, several Open and Common Fields,

and Downs, Common Meadows, and other Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that . Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented the said Fields, Meadows, and Lands, might be greatly to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing improved, if the same were divided, and specific Allot-and inclosing the Open and Common Field within the meats made thereof unto the Petitioners, and the several Township or Hamlet of Upper Eatjnglon, in the Parish other Persons interested therein, according to their of Lmver Eatington, in the County of IFarwick: And respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying,

Hastings, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ctinvcy Island Embanking and Drainage Bill committed

Kinghorn

and

Burntisland 11arbours Petition.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Fields, Meadows, and Lands, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard, and Sir James Tylney Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, and Petitions for

others, Inhabitants of the Town of Nottingham: And an Abolition

of the Slave Trade.

also,

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, the Island of Canvey, in the County of Essex, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bram-

ston, Mr. Bullock, Sic.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers. '

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing,

Justices of the Peace, in the Commissions of the Peace for the Counties of Fife and Mid-Lothian, and Commissioners of Supply for the said Counties respectively, nominated by the Land Tax Act for Scotland, for themselves, and on Behalf of the other Justices of Peace and Commissioners of Supply for the said respective Counties, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Passages and Communications by the Ferries betwixt Leith and King horn or Pettycur, A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Hodges ami and Burntisland, arc not only the general Accesses to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year Cuckfield, the County of Fife, but also to the whole North of of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the p^it1*)°nad Scotland from the South, the Regulation of which Fer- Third, for repairing and widening the Road from ries is under the joint Management of the Justices of Hodges to Beadles and from thence to the Town Peace for the said Counties of Fife and Mid-Lothian, of Cud field, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the who by special Statutes are required to provide con- Town of and from the Turnpike Road betw een

venient Landing Places at the Ferries within their Cuclcfidd and to the Town of Horsham, and

Counties; and that considerable Sums of Money have also the Road from in the Parish of

been expended by the Heritors of the County of Fife to ' ShoGreen, in the Parish of all in the

in improving the Harbour of Kinghorn or Peltycur, County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and but the same, and the Access thereto, is still very in- read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded

to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed upon the Credit thereof several Sums of Money, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Uxbridge;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

convenient, and would require to be further improved; and that the Harbour of Burntisland, and Approach thereto, is likewise very inconvenient for Passengers, and could be rendered more commodious, and the

Communication betwixt the Counties of Fife and Mid-and further Powers given to the Trustees: And there-

Lothian would be much more easy and expeditious, were a Pier or Landing Place erected at Nexvhaven, in the Neighbourhood of Leith; and that those proposed Improvements would be of much Advantage to the Public, and greatly facilitate the Communication from the South to the North of Scotland: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Harbour's of Kinghorn or Pettycur, and Burntisland, and Accesses thereto, and for building or erecting a Pier or Landing Place at New-haxen aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Lord Frederick

Campbell, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's

fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Retaliations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Colonel Lenox, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow' Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Schroder's Order, a Bill for naturalizing Herman Schroder: And Nat. Bill the same was received; and read the First Time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

- f 4 L

32 Geo. III.

13° Febru

141

Ceoscombe and Disxder IocJofure Petition.

Reports from die Board -(Land levenue.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, entitled to Rights of Common on certain Commons or Waste Lands lying and being within the Parishes of Croscombe and binder, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, certain Commons or Waste Lands, being Parts of Mendip, Lyatt, and Dinder Util, in and upon which the Petitioners and others claim to be entitled to Right of Common, as Owners of Tenements and Estates situate within the said Parishes; and that the said Commons or Waste Lands lying open and uncultivated, and subject to Trespasses, are of small Value to the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, but are capable of great Improvement by Means of a Division and Inclosure: And therefore

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the said Parishes of Croscombe and Dinder, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Lej.ve be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Trevelyan and Mr. Phelips do prepare, and bring in, the same.

ham; and comprehends, within its antient Bounds, a considerable Territory, extending into those Three Counties.

There are many Particulars in which the Forests of Whittlewood and Salcey are so similarly circumstanced, that a great Part of the Observations in our Report Seventh on the Forest last mentioned, are equally applicable to RePorl* the other, and will render it unnecessary to state those Particulars again, so fully, in our present Report.

This Forest, as welt as Salcey, is Part of the Honor of Gt'afton; and there are various Perambulations of it, made in the Reigns of Henry the Third, and Edward the First, on Record in the Tower. A Copy of the latest of these, dated 27th and 28th Edward I. is inserted in the Appendix to this Report, describing se- Appendix, parately, the Parts of the Forests lying within each of N u the Three Counties above named. Another Perambulation of this Forest, as well as of Salcey, was made in the 15th of Charles 1. extending the Bounds of it far 2. beyond the former Limits; but that violent and arbitrary Measure was rendered ineffectual, by the Act of the 16th Charles I. which restored the Bounds of the t6Cha. I. Forests to what they had been in the 20th of James the Cap. 16. First, and was, in Effect, a Confirmation of the last

Perambulation in the Reign of Edward the First.

The House being informed that Mr. Harrison, from the Board of Land Revenue, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Eighth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents:

And also,

A Plan of the Forest of Whxttlewood, referred to in the said Report: And also,

A Ninth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents:

And also,

A Tenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents:

And also,

A Plan of the Forest of Whichwood, referred to in the said Report: And also,

An Eleventh Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents* And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Reports and Plans were read.

The said Plans are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Reports are as followeth; viz.

But a Part, only, of the Land within those Limits seems now to be considered as Porest Land. That Part contains 5,424 A. iR. \ \ P. and is almost entirely encompassed with a Ring Mound, which has been its Boundary beyond the Memory of the oldest Man. The rest of the Land within the antient Perambulation, but without that Mound, consists, as in Salcey Forest, of many Estates belonging to a great Variety of Proprietors; some of which, by Grants of Free-Hay, are wholly exempted from the Burthen of the Forest Laws; others are Purlieus, in which the Proprie-

for and the Forester have each the Right of Hunting, or Mawwood,

chasing back towards the Forests, the Deer which may '>a* stray upon them; and in the Remainder, which are still subject to the Forest Laws, the Crown is entitled to certain Privileges for the Deer, and other Forestrial Rights.

3>&95-

We have not thought it necessary to have a Survey taken of more than of the 5,424 A. 1 R. i\P. sti\\ considered as Forest, a Plan whereof accompanies this Report; and that Part is divided as follows; a. r. p.

consisting of 69 different Coppices, are covered "with Timber, and Coder wood.

S&7* — 34> are Open Plains and Ridings, never inclosed.

are inclosed Meadow and Pasture Lands, appropriated to the Lse of the Lord Warden, Lieutenant, and Keepers \ and 329. 1. 31, are inclosed Lawns, appropriated to

the \Jse of the Leer, and the Cattle of the W atdeu and Lieutenant.

312. 2. 3,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses,

in Parliament assembled.

The Eighth Report of the Commissioners ap-

This Part of thfe Porest is divided into Live W a\ks and the following Statement will give a distinct View of those Walks, the dumber of Coppices, arid Qvian-

pointed to enquire into the State and Condition % of Land in each, and the Parishes in which they

of the Woods, Porests, and Land Revenues of situated; a more particular Account of which is

the Crown, and to sell ot alienate Pee Farm and given in the Appendix, extracted from the Survey made App« other \1nimproveable Rents. under our Direction. h® ?

The Porest of Whxttlewood is situated on the Borders of the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, and Bucking-

Vol. 47.

O

142

13° Febru.

A.. 1792.

Eighth R«- 1 port of the Board of Land Revenue* Walks* Coppices. Open Plains and Ridings. Inclosures to the Lodges. Lawns. TOTAL. In what Parishes.

Hasleboroughj Sholbrook Wakefield - Hanger - -Shrob - - N* 10 7 »9 20 8 5 A. R. P. 587 3 n 418 1 13 1,095 3 7 1,083 1 24 456 3 32 252 3 16 A. R. P. 220 1 7 T55 — 6 150 — 17 3i3 1 25 40 2 22 7 2 37 A. R. P. 31 — 3 57 i* 20 172 3 34 16 — 24 35 — 2 A. R. P. — a 37 83 2 9 245 — 25 A. K. P. 839 3 18 573 1 19 1,386 3 13 1,814 3 28 513 2 38 295 2 15 Whitfield. Silverstone. Whittlebury. f Whittlebury. 1 Potterspury. < Passenham. 1 Denshanger, and (Lillingston Dayrell. Passenham. Passenham.

69 3,895 — 23 887 — 34 312 2 3 329 1 31 5,424 i n

The Coppices in this Forest, as well as in , are cut in Rotation, at 21 Years Growth; and after being inclosed for Nine Years, from the Time of each Cutting of the Underwood, they are then thrown open to the Deer and Cattle, for the remaining Twelve Years; excepting those in Shrob Walh, which are constantly inclosed, that Walk not being subject to any Right of Common.

The Wood, Underwood, and Timber of the Seven Coppices in Haslesborough Walk, which lie in the Parish of Silverstone, now belong to Earl; and it

does not appear to us that the Crown has any other Right or Interest in them than that of Herbage and Cover for the Deer.

13 June, The remaining 62 Coppices belonged to, and were Cha> R* kept in the actual Possession of the Crown, until the 17th of Charles the Second, when this Forest, together with Salcey, was settled on Queen Catherine for her Life, as Part of her Jointure; and in the 25th Year of that King the Coppices in both those Forests were granted, with many other Estates, to Henry Earl of Arlington, for his Life, after the Decease of the Queen, with Remainder severally to Henry first Duke of Grafton (then Earl of Euston) Charles Earl of Southampton, and George Lord Fitzroy, otherwise Lord George Palmer, and their respective Heirs Male, for ever: " Excepting to the Crown all great Trees and Timber " Trees, and all Oak Saplings, growing or to grow " in the said Coppices, Woods, Underwoods, and " Woodlands, to be reserved or left on the same for " Stadles or Samplers, and which shall seem most fit " and proper for Timber, according to the Form of " the Statute in that Case made and provided; and " also all the fairest Stadles or Samplers of Oak, Ash, " Elm, or Beech, in or upon the said Coppices, Woods, " &c. growing, coming, happening, or arising, and " also excepting and reserving all the Herbage and " Pannage of the same."

3n>t Decem- By virtue of this Grant, which took Effect on the ber, 1705, Death of the Queen Dowager in 1705, the Family of N. S. Grafton are entitled to the Underwood in the Sixty-two Coppices before mentioned, containing together 3,476 Acres, which, as we have before observed, are cut in Succession at 21 Years Growth; and on every Cutting of the Underwood, the Coppices which are subject to the Right of Common (being the Whole, except those in Shrob Walk') are inclosed with a strong Hedge and Ditch, at the Expence of the Duke of Grafton, except in those Parts where the Fences of the Coppices form

Vi

Part of the Outer Boundary of the Forest, which is for the most Part, fenced with Posts and Rails at the Expence of the Crown.

The Crown, in Consequence of the Reservations in the Patent, is entitled to all the Timber and other Trees, and to all Saplings whatever ljkely to become Timber, as well in the Sixty-two Coppices, of which the Duke of Grafton has the Underwood, as in the Ridings,

Plains, Lawns, and inclosed Lands, held by the Officers of the Forest; and to Herbage and Feed for the Deer in every Part of the Forest.

There are Fifteen Parishes, which, under certain Limitations, enjoy the Privilege of Common of Pasture in the Forest of Whittlewood.

Six of those Parishes, called In-Parishes; namely,

Whitfield, Whittlebury, Si/stone, (or Potters-

pury, Yardley-Gobion, and Passcnham with send their Cattle into the Forest at Lady Day *, and 25 March, keep them there till All-Hallow Tide |; and Nine of 11 N0«m-them, called Off" or Out-Towns, or Parishes; namely, ber. Syresham with Croxefield, Paulerspury with Heavencote,

Grafton, Alderton, Wiclcen, Lillingston-Lovell, Lilling-ston-Dayrc/l, Wapcnham, and Siapton turn in their Cattle on St. Georges Day and take them out at j 23 April. Holy Rood Day §. § 25 Septan-

The Duke of Grafton, and the Forest Officers ap- ber-pointed by his Grace, inform us, that the Commoners enjoy this Right without Stint, as to the Number of their Cattle. The Right however, which by the ancient Forest Laws the Commoners had in the Forests, was only to the Surplus Herbage, after a full Supply for the Manwuod, Deer, of which any Number may be kept without Pa. 229. Limitation.

The Cattle allowed to depasture in the Forest are Horn Cattle and Horses only. No Sheep or Swine are admitted. The Forest is driven Once a Year, or oftener, to examine whether there are any Cattle belonging to Persons not having Right of Common; and when any such are found they are impounded, and a small Fine is imposed on the Owner; the rest are marked as belonging to Commoners, and turned again into the Forest. The Numbers which commonly depasture in the different Walks are stated in the Answers of the Keepers.

The Quantity of Land subject to Rights of Common is 4,486 A. 3 R. 2 P. being the w hole of what is now deemed Forest Land, except Shrob Walk, consisting of 295A. 2R. 15P. and except the Lawns and other inclosed Lands, containing 641 A. 3R. 34 P. in which the

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

143

the Commoners hare no Right; but the Coppices, containing 3,643 A. 1R. 7P. which are a Part of the Commonable Land, are inclosed, as belore mentioned, for Nine Years after each cutting of the Underwood, and remain open Twelve Years, during which Time only the Deerand Catde are admitted into them.

There are some small Acknowledgments paid by the

Parishes having Right of Common in the Forest, Eighth Re-under the Name of Hen Money, mentioned by the Keepers of the Forest in their Examinations, and collected by them, and kept for their own Use. venue.

We shall now give a List of the Officers, under whose Superintendance and Care this Forest is placed; namely,

A Lord Warden, or Master Forester Lieutenant, or Deputy Warden -

4

Two Yerderors -

Woodward - -

Purlieu Ranger -

His Grace the Duke of Grafton.

Joseph Smyth, Esquire.

/The Honbl* Edward F. Willes, Esquire.

Joseph Smyth, Esquire.

Humbo Rigby, Esquire.

Five Keepers, and Six Page Keepers.

Besides the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests.

nJanuary, 31 Cha. II. 1680.

In the Reign of Charles the Second the Office of Warden, or Master Forester, was held by the Earl of Northampton, under a Grant from Charles the First, for his Life, with an antient Fee of Five Pounds per Annum for himself, and certain small Salaries for the Under Foresters, and other Officers appointed by him, amounting together to 23/. 6 s. 8 in

Money; and those Officers had also certain Allowances of Wood, amounting to 231 Loads a Y~ear, as specified in a Claim preferred by Lord Northampton, lathe Tower, at a Justice Seat held for this Forest, in the 11th of Charles I.

In the 32d of Charles II. that King, by Letters Patent, reciting the Grant of the Office of Warden, for the Life of the Earl of Northampton, granted the said Office in Reversion, after his Death, to Henry Earl of Arlington for Life, and after his Decease to Henry Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of his Body, for ever.

But both the Earl of Northampton, and Henry Duke of Graf ton, dying before the Queen Dowager, it appears that Doubts arose as to the Validity of the Grant of the Wardenship, by reason that the Settlement of the Forest on the Queen Dowager was not recited in it; and on this Account, after the Queen Dowager’s Death, which happened in 1705, Charles Duke of Grafton applied by Petition to Queen to grant new Letters Patent, to ratify and make good the former Patent of 326 of Charles II. The Petition of the Duke of Grafton was referred by the Lords of tire Treasury to Sir Edward Nor they, then Attorney General; who gave his Opinion, " that it was in the Queen’s Power to supply the Defect in the Patent,

Appendix

should be abolished; and an Allowance in Money, at the Rate of 10 s. per Load, substituted in their Stead, to he paid by the Surveyor General out of the Produce of dotard and decayed 'Frees.

2nd. That the Crown should have the Power of removing any of the Under Foresters, or other Under Officers, who should either commit, or knowingly permit, any Waste or Destruction of the Timber or Saplings belonging to the Crown 3rd. That under Pretence of Windfalls, claimed by the Master Forester, no Timber or other Trees thrown down by Tempests, or violent Winds, should betaken; but only dead Trees, not being Timber, and dead and withered Branches, blown down by ordinary Winds: And,

4th. That the Under Foresters and other Officers should not lop any other Frees for Browsewood for the Deer, than such as had before been lopped, unless by the Assignment of the Surveyor of the Woods, with the Approbation of the Master Forester.

Under this Grant tire Duke of Grafton holds the Appendix, Office of Lord Warden or Master Forester, which gives 7-him the Possession of the Chief Lodge, called Wakefield Lodge, with the Gardens, Pleasure Grounds, and inclosed Meadow Lands, containing together 116 A. 3R. 16 P. with the Pasturage for Cattle, in common with the Deer, in an inclosed Lawn called Wakefield Lawn, containing 245 A. oR. 25P.

His Grace has also, as Hereditary Keeper, the Custody and Management of the Deer: No more " by granting the Office, as desired by the Petitioner, however seems to have been required from the Noble " the Restraint which her Majesty bad been pleased Duke’s Family, since the Date of the Patent, than to " to submit to by the Act for the Civil List extending answer certain Warrants for the Supply of His Maonly to Grants of Lands, &c. for which Rents, jesty’s Household, and the Public Offices, or others " might be reserved, and not of Offices.’’ Upon this accustomed to have Venison from the Royal Forests. Report, a new Patent was issued, dated the 19th July, The Residue appear to have been left to the Disposal 11th Anne, granting and confirming the Office of of the Lord Warden. A List of the Deer so supplied Master Forester to the Duke of Grafton, and his Heirs is given in the Appendix. The Numbers have varied v Male; and on this Occasion various new Conditions, at different Times, probably according to the Stock of

S*5»wl 6. for the Benefit of the Forest, suggested by

Wilcox, Esquire, then Surveyor General of the Woods, were introduced into the Patent, the Chief of which are,

1st. That the Allowances of Wood to the Under Foresters, and other Officers, amounting to 231

Deer kept in the Forest at different Periods.

The Number of Deer at present kept within the Forest is computed to he about r,8oo of all Sorts; and the Number killed, One Year with another, is about 138 Bucks and 100 Does; none are now kept in Shrob Walk, the Deer having been removed from Loads a Year, under Colour of which great thence, by Order of the Duke of Grafton, about 15 Waste was alleged to have been committed,

Vol. 47.

Y eats ago.

The

144

13* Februarii. 1792.

Appendix,

N*9-

Appendix, N* io.

The Grant of the Wardenship empowers the Lord for this Purpose that there had been an Addition of Warden to appoint the Lieutenant or Deputy Warden, Two Page Keepers to the Number specified in the and the Under Foresters and Keepers. The Patent of Patent.

Queen Anne specifies the Number of those Officers The Lieutenant or Deputy Warden, who is also

then belonging to the Forest, namely, a Lieutenant, Keeper of Sholbrook and Woodward of the Fo-

Five Under Foresters, and Four Page Keepers; and rest, holds the Two Offices first mentioned under the N* n ascertains the Salaries and Allowances to be paid to Appointment of the Duke of , and the Wood-

each Officer, amounting, with the Warden’s Fee of wardship by Patent, as herein after mentioned. The 51- to 23/. 6s. 8 d.per Annum, besides an Allowance Keepers and Page Keepers, besides their respective N* ia in Money in lieu of 231 Loads of Wood Yearly, at Salaries and Allowances, have each a Lodge, with a 10$. per Load, being 115/. 1 os.making together certain Quantity of inclosed Land. They have also 138/. 6s. 8 d. per Annum, which was the whole Sum the ordinary Fees and Perquisites on killing Deer,

then paid to those Officers by the Crown. and the Wood cut for Browse is allowed to them for

These Salaries and Allowances continued to be paid, Fuel; and the following is a Statement of the Salaries, without Variation, from the Date of the Patent until Allowances, and Perquisites, of the Lieutenant and the Year 1727, when His late Majesty, by Warrant Keepers, viz. under his Sign Manual, allowed additional Salaries to the Under Foresters and Keepers, amounting to 98 /. per Annum, which increased the Annual Payments to 236/. 6 s. 8 d.It appears by the Warrant issued

OFFICERS

o

c§" — (-

N'

CD

CL

O

o

Ao

Oq

<1

c

r*

OFFICERS.

Sholbrook Walk -

Wakefield Walk - -j

Hasleborough Walk -j Hanger Walk

Shrob Walk

Lieutenant or Deputy^ W arden - -J Keeper -ist Page Keeper 2d Page Keeper Keeper -1st Page Keeper 2d Page Keeper Keeper -Page Keeper Keeper -

Keeper -

Page Keeper of Hanger"] and Shrob Walks -J

LODGES and LANDS.

Joseph Smyth, Esqr

D# - -

William Lovell William Savage Charles Heath Thomas Oakley William Waterman John Hammond William Varney William Taylor

Reuben Capes George Taylor

Sholbrook Lodge, and 35 Acres of Land Maggotts Moor Lodge, and 7 Acres -Linshire Lodge, and 7 Acres -Wakefield Little Lodge, and 6 Acres -Gullet Lodge, and 5 Acres Sutfield Lodge, and 6 Acres -Hasleborough Lodge, and 14 Acres -Black Hedges Lodge, and 6 Acres Hanger Lodge, and 11 Acres -

Shrob Lodge, and 19 Acres Brownswood Lodge, and 3 Acres

-o

The Lord Warden’s Ancient Fee Total Allowances in Money to the Lord Warden, Lieutenant, and Keepers - £.

Yearly Salaries, and Allowances in Money. Annual Value of Lodge and Land. Fees and Perquisites from Deer. Value of Browsewood, at 20s. per Load. TOTALS.

£. s. £. s. d. £. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

19 16 8 19 16 8

30 70 35 25 160

12 13 4 7 5 — - 8 27 18 4

12 13 4 10 3 8 — 8 34 1 4

30 10 10 — 115 11 166 10 —

12 13 4 8 — 12 — 13 34 5 4

12 13 4 8 10 — 5 11 — 10 36 14 4

25 6 8 19 54 4 — 12 11010 8.

12 13 4 9 15 — 4 14 — 5 32 2 4

25 6 8 15 10 — 27 15 10 Allowance in lieu of a F ee 9 77 12 6

25 6 8 30 t Buck and Doe 6 6 — V j 7 68 13 8

12 13 4 5 511 — 1 10 — 24 14 4

231 16 8 193 10 — 258 1 10 109 10 — 792 18 6

236 16 8

Note. The Salaries and Allowances are here stated according to the Patent and Warrants by which they are granted; but the present actual Payments to the Lieutenant, the Keeper of Sholbrook Walk, and the Keeper

and Page Keeper of Wakefield Walk, are somewhat different; viz,

Mr. Smyth, the Lieutenant, receives from the Deputy Surveyor; For the Lord Warden s Fee ——

For the Salary and Allowances of the Lieutenant

D° of the Keeper of Sholbrook -

D° of the Keeper and 1st Page Keeper of Wakefield

Out of which he pays to the Keeper of Wakefield -

And to the 1st Page Keeper -

And retains for himself, as Lieutenant and Keeper -

£. 5. d.

5 ——

19 16 8

30 ——

42 13 4

£. s. d. 97 10 —

26 -

27 -

- 40 —

The Residue goes as Poundage to the Surveyor General -

93 ——

C5

to

o

w

o

Sj

<v

si

ss

4 10 —

146 13° Februarii. A. 1792.

Appendix, The Verderors of this, as well as of Salcey Forest,

N° 13. have severally Half an Acre of Underwood in each Coppice, every Time it is cut, the Average Profit whereof is estimated at about 10 /. per Annum to each Verderor. They have also a Fee Buck and a Fee Doe each. Their Office is to preside at the Forest Courts; but we are informed by the Duke of Grafton, that they have now no Traces of any Courts of that Nature having been held for this Forest; and we have not met with any Proceedings of such Courts of later Date than the Reign of Charles the First.

The Woodwardship of this Forest is held by Mr. Smyth, the Deputy Ranger, and Keeper of Sholbrook Walk, by Letters Patent during His Majesty’s Pleasure, with a Salary of Five Pounds per Annum, paid out of the Land Revenue; an Allowance of 20 /. per Annum in lieu of Poundage on Wood Sales, formerly received by the Woodward from the Buyers of the Wood; and a Fee of Four Pence per Tree for every Tree marked for felling, which is received from the Purchasers of the Wood and Timber. The Allowance in lieu of Poundage, which is paid by the Surveyor General out of the Produce of Wood Sales, was directed by Warrant from the Treasury, in the Year 1762, to be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Lord Warden of the Forest, to be paid over to the Woodward.

Respecting the Office of Purlieu Ranger, the first Mention we find of such an Officer of Whittlcwood Appendix, Forest is in a Warrant dated 9th March 1 766, which, Han *5’ after reciting that the Duke of Grafton had, by virtue of the Powers vested in him by the Grant of the Office of Master Forester, appointed Humbo lligby, Esquire, to be Purlieu Ranger of this Forest, directed that the like Salary and Allowances should be paid to him as were given to the Under Foresters, namely,

£. s. d.

In Money a Yearly Salary of - - 1 13 4

And an Allowance in lieu of 22 Loads of Wood, claimed Yearly by an Under Forester there.....1916 —

Making together - £.2194

And that Annual Sum was directed to be paid out of Wood Sales, by the Surveyor of the Woods, until His Majesty’s Pleasure should be signified to the contrary.

Upon this Appointment we think it our Duty to observe, that though the Grant of the Wardenship empowers the Lord Warden to appoint " all Under " Foresters, Under Keepers, and other Officers," it

does not seem to give a Power of constituting any other Officers than such as had usually been appointed by the Lord Warden; and that, according to the Forest Laws, " the Ranger of a Forest must be made by Manwood,

" the King’s Letters Patent." It is also observable. Pa. 314. that though the Warrant for allowing a. Salary to the!

Purlieu Ranger pubs that Officer on the same Footing as an Under Foiester, with respect to the Number of Loads of Wood for which ho was to have an Allowance, yet that the Sum paid to him in lieu of Wood is computed at the Rate of i8f. per Load, instead of 10.?. the Allowance directed by the Patent to be paid to the Under Foresters. The Expence of this new' Appointment is certainly but an inconsiderable Object; yet if the Right of the Lord Warden to increase the Number of the Officers, at the Charge of the Crown, should seem to be admitted, the Exercise of it might, at some future Time, be carried still farther: And we therefore think it incumbent on us to remark, that this Appointment does not appear to us to be authorized by the Patent. The present Purlieu Ranger does not reside within the Forest

The Surveyor General of the Woods has the same Superintendence of the Timber of Whittlcwood Forest, Seventh Reas of Salcey, and similar Emoluments. His Deputy port, N° 11. is Mr. Reuben Capes, the Keeper of Shrob Walk, in this Forest, under the Duke of Grafton; whose Salary, as Deputy Surveyor for both Forests, is 25/. Annum.

The Salaries and Allowances of the Woodward and Purlieu Ranger being added to those of the Warden, Lieutenant, and Keepers, before stated, make the whole Annual Payment to the Officers of this Forest 278/. 6 s.o d.besides a proportionable Share of the Appendix,

Salary of the Deputy Surveyor. ,6.

We have taken some Pains to discover what the

State of this Forest was, in former Times, before the

Coppices and Offices were granted in Fee; what it

produced to the Crown about the Time, or soon after

those Grants were made; and w hat Condition it is in

now, more than too Years after the Date of those

Grants, when the Mixture of Rights created by thenij

and the System of Management which has prevailed

during the present Century, may be supposed to have

had their full Effect; and we have been so fortunate as

to find the most authentic Evidence on this Subject.

In the Survey made in the Year 1C08, of the Timber

and Wood belonging to the Crown, in the County of

Northampton, mentioned in our Report on Salcey Forest, Seventh Re.

and of which an Extract is annexed to this Report, port.

the Number and Value of the Trees in the Forest of

Whittlewood, is stated to be as follows: Appendix,

N° 17-

Timber Trees of Oak Decaying Trees

Number.

51,046

Value, per Survey, in 1608.

£. s. d.

25,755 ——

360

123 6 8

Seventh Report, N° 14.

The Number of Loads of Timber is not stated in this Survey; but the Account of the Value of the Trees enables us, in some degree, to supply that Defect. The common Price of Oak Timber at that Period being about 10$.* per Load, the 51,046 Trees then valued at 25,755/., must have contained, one with another, about a Load of Timber; and, making reasonable Allowances for the Tops and Branches of the Trees, there must have been in the Forest from 40 to 50,000 Loads of Timber, Girt Measure, or from 60 to 75,000 Loads, Square Measure. It is necessary, however, to observe, that the Seven Coppices in Hasleborough Walk, now belonging to Earl Bathurst, and which contain 418 Acres, appear to have been the Property of the Crown at that Time, and were, consequently, included in the Survey of 1608. A

proportionable Deduction must therefore be made from the 51,046 Trees comprised in that Survey, and there will then remain 45,568 Trees, as the Number growing on the Lands in which the Crown is still entitled to the Timber; and that Quantity is not more than should be expected to grow on such an Extent of Wood Land, of a Soil so favourable for Timber, under proper Management; for as the Coppices in which the Timber now belongs to the Crown contain 3.447 Acres, if w'e suppose only the same Number of Trees to have been standing in the Lawns and open Parts of the Forest in 1608, as were reported to be growing in them on a Survey of the Tirpher in 1783, being 191 Trees, of 30 Feet and upwards, and that the remaining Number grew within the Coppices, the Proportion would hot be more than Thirteen Trees to an Acre.

We

32 Geo. III. 13°

147

We are not enabled to state what Falls of Timber were made in this Forest between the taking of the Survey of 1608, and the Restoration; bnt the Extracts which we have subjoined of Warrants issued between the Restoration and the End of the last Century*, shew that the Forest was then also well stored with Timber, and yielded great Advantage to the Crown.

Besides those Warrants there were various others issued during the same Period, for felling Timber for

Repairs, and other Purposes; from tilt which it is Eighth Report manifest, that the Forest Was plentifully stocked with, of the Board of and afforded great Supplies of Timber; and Mr. ®eve, iue-Wilcox, in his Report in 1711, about Six Years after the Commencement of the Grant of the Coppices, mentioned, as a Reason for suggesting the Regulations proposed by him to be inserted in the new Grant of the Wardenship, that " the Queen’s Timber in that " Forest was then very considerable."

Appendix, ' 5-

£. s. d.

18,478 10 4 i

13,81S 9 4 x

3,4f>o 5 2 k

2,217 11 U

405 — —

d.

6

We shall now state what Profit has arisen to the Crown from the Reservation of the Timber, And what has been the Expence of Salaries and Allowances to the Forest Officers, and of Repairs and other Works there, from the Death of the Queen Dowager, in 1705, to the End of the Year 1786. For this Purpose we have perused the Warrants issued by the Board of Treasury, and the Accounts of the Surveyors General of the Woods; and from the annexed Abstracts of those Accounts, it appears that the whole Produce of the Timber felled in the Forest, including the Value of 480 Loads taken from thence for Works at Blenheim, in the Years 1709 and 1710, but, exclusive of what has been felled for the Navy, which s.

will be stated separately, amounts to the Sum of ----- -- 37,026 1 o

The Payments to the Forest Officers for their Salaries -Payments for Repairs of Lodges, and other Works in this Forest, including a Sum of 2,000l. allowed to the Lord Warden in the Year 1747, mentioned to be as of His Majesty’s Free Gift and Bounty; and a like Sum of 2,000l. granted in the Year 1770, to be laid out on Wakefield Lodge ——

Expences attending the Sales, Fees, and Poundage to Officers, and other incidental Charges, stated in the Accounts of Trees felled for the Payment of Salaries -.

And the like Charges in the Accounts for Repairs - -

To these is to be added the Patent Fee or Salary of 5/. per Annum to the Woodward, paid by Debenture out of the Land Revenue from 1705 to 1786....

Making together - - - - 38,379 id 10

So that the Charges sustained by the Crown on Account of this Forest, from 1705 to 178G, exceeded the Whole of its Produce, except the Navy Timber, by the Sum of - £.

18.

1 >353 1 4 i

The First Proceeding that we have met with relative to the felling any Timber in this Forest for the Navy, during the present Century, was in the Year 1771, when the Navy Board having written, to the Surveyor General of the Woods, acquainting him that their Purveyor had surveyed about 1,300 Loads of Timber fit for the Navy, in the Twro Forests of Whittlewoodand Salcey, and desiring that it might be felled as soon as possible, the Surveyor General applied to the Treasury for Directions on that Subject; and expecting, probably, that a Warrant would forthwith be issued for felling that Timber, as the Navy Board had desired, he immediately sent an Agent into the Forest to make Preparations for felling the same: But the Lords of the Treasury having thought it proper

to communicate the Proposal for cutting Timber in Whittlewood Forest to the Duke of Grafton, before making any Order upon it, and the Surveyor General’s Agent having, in the mean rJ’ime, proceeded to mark Trees for felling in all the Coppices, without regard to the Age or Growth of the Underwood, instead of confining the fall to those Coppices which had been cut the preceding Season, the Duke of Grafton remonstrated to the Lords of the Treasury against that Proceeding, as injurious to his Property; in consequence- of which the felling of any Timber that Year was suspended, and Directions were given by the Board of Treasury, that the Naval Timber in the Forest should not be felled, until the particular Coppices in which it grew should come in course to be cut.

22d March 1G68. A Warrant was issued for felling 1,000 Trees in Forest for the Use of the Navy; which Warrant

states, that the Earl of Oxford, Chief Justice in Eyre, had certified, that though considerable Quantities of Timber had been felled there by the late Lord Treasurer’s Order, yet the Forest was so well stored, that 1,000 Trees might be spared without defacing the same.

16th February 1674. An Order was made for felling 120 Tons of Timber in that Forest, for repairing the Lodge in Woodstock Park. ltith January 1683. A Warrant for felling 300 Trees there for the Use of the Navy.

10th May 1682. A Warrant for raising 2,000l. in Whittlewood and Salcey Forests, by Sale of Trees not fit for the Navy; which Warrant takes Notice, that it had been lately certified, that over and above the Trees useful for the Navy, there were a great Number of coarse Trees, by Sale whereof His Majesty might raise for some Time the Yearly Sum of 2,000l. without Prejudice to the thriving Timber Trees, which in some Parts of the Forest were so thick as to be hurtful to one another. The Return to this Warrant shews that the Sum raised was 2,589/. 7 s. 11 d.whereof 2,191/. 8.5. 5 d.in and the Residue in Salcey Forest.

sith May 1684. A Warrant for raising 12,000l. for the Use of the Earl of by Sale of such coarse Trees in

and Salcey Forests, not fit tot the Navy, as might be cut without defacing the same. The Sales not to exceed 3,000l. the I’irst Year, nor 2,000/, in any subsequent Year, to avoid selling the Timber at under Rates. By virtue of this Warrant a Sum of 2,000l. was raised the First Year; and in the following Year a new Warrant was issued for raising the remaining Sum in the same Mode. These Warrants were founded on a Report of William Harbord, Esquire, Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, and Thomas Agar, Esquire,

General of the Woods, containing a similar Representation, of the Forest being well stocked with Timber.

30th April 1690. A Warrant for raising 1,000l. a Year in Whittlewood Forest, for so long a Time as it could be done without Prejudice to the Forest, by Sale of Pollard and decayed Trees, fit only for Country Uses, of which there were reported to be such Quantities, that it would be for their Majesties Service to cause Sales to be made thereof, not exceeding 1,000l. Annually'.

aoth April 1693. A Warrant for raising any Sum not exceeding 500l. per Annum, or 5,000l. in the Whole, by Sale of such coarse Timber Trees (not fit for the Navy) in Whittlewood and Salcey Forests, as might be felled without defacing the same; to be paid to the Dutchess of Grafton, sole Heiress of Henry late Earl of Arlington, in Part of the Sum of 12,000l. formerly directed to be raised for the Use of the said Earl; whereof 2,000l. was raised and paid to him as before mentioned.

Vol. 47. Since

148 13 0 Februarii.-

Appendix, v Since that Time there have been Annual Falls of Naval Timber in those Coppices

N° tg. ' where the Underwood has been cut; and the Quantity felled from 1772 to 1786

inclusive, was 3,158 Loads, the Produce of which, with the Bark £. s.

and Offal Wood, amounted to.....8,986 17 4

And the Amount of the Fees, Poundages, and incidental Expences

thereon, was.....1,338 8 3

Clear Produce of Navy Timber to that Time - - - 7,648 9 1

The Accounts since 1786 being not yet passed before the Auditor, we are not enabled to state the exact Produce of the Navy Timber and Wood Sales to the present Time; but by an Account of the Trees felled from 1786 to the End of the Year 1790, transmitted to us by the Surveyor General, it appears that there have been cut for the Use of the Navy 2,304 Trees, producing 2,527 Loads, and 19 Feet of Timber (Square N#so. Measure) which at the customary Rate of 1/. 18 s.per Load, together with the Tops, £. d.

Bark, and refused Trees, amounted to - - - 7,111 16 4

And 2,022 dotard and decayed Oak, and 331 Ash Trees, sold for the Payment of Officers

Salaries, producing - 1,437 14 10

And reckoning the Fees, Poundage, and other Charges, within that Period,

in the same Proportion as those on former Falls, the Deductions from £

the Produce of the Navy Timber would be about ..... 1,059

And on the Wood Sales - -- 223

Salaries of the Forest Officers for those Four Years - 1,193

s.

d.

3 — »4 —

4 —

£. 2,476 1 —

Woodward’s Patent Salary for the same Time, paid out of the Land

Revenue - - - 20 — —

Clear Produce since 1786 -....

D° of Navy Timber, from 1772 to 1786, as before stated

From which being deducted the before mentioned Sum of

The remaining Sum of

2,496 1 —

6,053 10 2

7,648 9 1

13,701 19 3

G353 1 4 i

12,348 17 10 i

shews the clear Produce to the Crown since the Forest has been in the Possession of the Family of Grafton, being 85 Years, or, on an Average, about 145/. 5s. 7 a Year.

Having shewn what the Forest has produced since the Death of the Queen Dowager, in 1705, we shall now give a Statement of the Number and Contents of all the Trees of 30 Feet and upwards, reported to be growing in this Forest, on a Survey taken by Order of the House of Commons in the Year 1783, a Period n<, so recent that we have not judged it proper on this Occasion to incur the Expence of a new Survey of the Timber.

21.

Number of Trees. Quantity.

T_ it,_ In the Lawns Square

in the and open Places.

Coppices. Measure.

Loads. Feet.

Timber fit for the Navy - Knee Timber ----- -- Trees of 30 Feet and upwards, fit to cut Growing Trees of 30 Feet and upwards -Trees of 50 Feet and upwards - 119 4,095 834 12 8 122 21 92 33 6,309 30 805 26 22 44

Scrubbed, Shaken, Do-' tard and decayed J*Trees of 30 Feet and upwards 5,060 353 151 49 7,230 33 569 33

By the same Survey it appeared that there were 18,617 Trees in the Forest constantly lopped for Browse for the Deer, vis. 6,335 Oak Trees, computed to contain 8,907 Loads of Timber, Square Measure (being more than a Load and a Quarter each on an Average) and 12,282 Ash Trees, containing 3,512 Loads; so that the Number and Contents of the browsed Oaks was greater than of the Oak Trees reported to be fit for the Navy, of which the Number in the Coppices was not quite Three Trees to every Two Acres of Land. Between the Years 1772 and 1783 there had been felled for the Navy 1,461 Trees, producing 1,335 Loads; if these be added to the Trees of 30

Feet and upwards, growing in the Coppices at the Time of the Survey, the Number would still be less than Two Trees to every Acre; and if the Browse Oaks be taken into the Computation, the whole Number of the Trees of 30 Feet and upwards would be little more than Three Trees to an Acre.

This extraordinary Diminution in the Quantity of the Timber, compared with what was growing in 1608, must not, however, be supposed to have been occasioned by any Waste of the Property of the Crown on the Part of die Grantee; for Justice obliges us to remark, from the best Information, that the Number of the Browse Oaks has not been increased within

Memory,

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii. 149

Memory, but rather decreased by the selling of decayed he very strongly recommends to plant the vacant Eighth R«port

and worn-out Trees; that the greatest Care is taken Places with Acorns, or to transplant young Oaks from of lhe Uo»rd of

by the Duke of Grafton to preserve the Oak' Saplings Spots where they are growing too thick. The Care Land Rtvenue.y

from being injured by the Persons employed to cut of the Duke of Grafton to preserve the Trees and Sap-

the Underwood; and that there is no other Forest in plings from being injured by those who cut the Un-

which the Crown has granted Rights of the same derwood, cannot prevent the Waste occasioned by the

Kind, either for a Term of Years, or in Perpetuity, Neglect we have described; and though we have not

in which the Timber and Saplings have been so well found any Examples of undue Advantages being taken

protected as in the Forests of Whittlewood and Salcey. by the Deputy Surveyor, and other resident Officers

But, as greater Care not to injure what belongs to the in this Forest, as we did in our Inquiries into the

Crown cannot be expected from any Grantee, we con- Conduct of those in the Forest of , yet it cannot

sider the present State of this Forest to be an addi- be Matter of Wonder that, under such loose and in-

tional Proof of the Justice of what we have frequently attentive Management, as has prevailed for so long a

had Occasion to remark in other Reports, that no Pro- Time, the Property of the Crown in this Forest should

perty in which there is a Mixture of Rights, and a divided have been so unproductive, and should now be, com-

Management, can ever be as productive as if the entire paratively, of so little Value.

Interest and Direction were vested in One Proprietor; Having stated all that appears to us to be necessary and that the Share of the Property in the Royal Forests, to enable the Legislature to judge of the Condition which belongs to the Crown, has, during the present of this Forest, during the last and the present Century,

Century, been under a most wasteful and destructive and of the Causes to which we impute the great De-Course of Management. crease in the Quantity of the Timber, we shall now

The Observations in our Report on the Forest of proceed to suggest such Alterations and Arrangements Salcey, respecting the evil Tendency of the Perqui- as we think the most likely to restore it to its former sites of the Surveyor General, as affording Induce- State of Improvement, or to render it more valuable to ments to fell the Timber profusely, and enhance the the Crown.

Expences in the Forests; and on the mischievous In our different Reports we have found it necessary Consequences of intrusting the Execution of the most to propose different Plans of Improvement, suited to the important Business of that Department to Deputies, peculiar Circumstances of each Forest. Our uniform not acting on Oath, and under no effectual Con- Wish has been to accomplish the Object of our Appoint-troul, are equally applicable to this Forest; and the ment, in suggesting Plans for the Improvement and Effects resulting from those Causes are very forcibly better Management of the Royal Forests, without pro-pointed out by the Duke of Grafton, from his own posing any Thing that might injure the private Property Observation, in a Letter to the Lords of the Treasury mixed with that of the Crown; nor have we felt that in the Year 1771, in which he says, " I would ear- Delicacy more on any Occasion, than in what relates to " nestly and humbly entreat your Lordships to take the Forest of

" under your Consideration the Office of Surveyor of A Division of this Forest, by which the Crown, the " the Woods, especially the Nature of its Perquisites, Duke of Grafton, and the Commoners, might each " calculated to destroy, not to preserve, His Majesty’s have a separate Share, as an Equivalent for their pre-

Forests. I had often mentioned my Opinion at sent Interests, cannot, in our Opinion, be proposed.

" your Lordships Board, that a certain fixed, and By such a Plan, the Beauty and Value of the Place " even ample Salary, which might also be raised from would be lessened; and the Share to which the " the Woods without Prejudice, should stand in the Crown might be entitled would not be of sufficient " Place of Perquisites of such a Nature as those al- Extent to render it advisable to take it into Posses-

" lowed to that Officer." The Letter from which sion, and to have an Establishment of Officers for its

this Passage is transcribed, being a public Letter to Management and Improvement. Neither could we the Board of Treasury, submitted to our Inspection propose a Sale of the remaining Property of the Crown among various Documents concerning this Forest, and to any other Person than the Proprietor of the Parts the Observations it contains coming from a Person already alienated; for the Purchaser, iu consequence so capable to judge of the Subject, and so strongly of acquiring that Power over the Timber which the recommending Alterations, which we have in former Crown has at present, might deprive the Place of all Reports suggested to be necessary, we could not avoid those Trees which form its chief Ornament, and which quoting an Opinion so likely to add Weight to our have hitherto very properly been spared. It seems to Suggestions. us, therefore, that there are only Two Plans which we

But it is not by Profusion in felling the Timber, can, with Propriety, recommend for the Consideration or in the Execution of Works done in the Forests, that of the Legislature, respecting the future Management the Property of the Crown has alone been injured: of this Forest; the one. that the Rights reserved by The total Want of any uniform Plan of Management the Crown, in the Timber, the Deer, and the Soil, and Care of the Trees, while growing, has perhaps should be transferred to the Duke of Grafton, on rca-

been still more destructive in its Effects. In our Re- sonable Terms; and the other, to endeavour, by a better

port on Nexo Forest, we observed that the extensive and more attentive Management, to restore this Forest Inclosures planted there, in the Beginning of this Cen- to the State of Improvement in which we have shewn it tury, in Consequence of the Act of 9th and 10th to have been in former Times.

William III. were, from the Neglect of thinning them If the first Plan should be adopted, we would hum-while young, become filled with Trees, which, though bly propose that the Price or Consideration to the of a great Height, contain very little Timber; and it Crown should either be paid by the Duke of Grafton,

is to be feared will never be of much Use to the in Money; or that he should engage to deliver, An-

Navy: And in the same Manner, the Surveyor whom nually, by Way of Rent Charge, a certain Quantity we employed in the Forest of Whittlewood, reports to of Timber for the Use of the Navy; and, in either us, that the Trees are left to grow as Accident directs, Case, to exonerate the Crown from all future Expence no Care having been taken to plant in vacant Places, of Salaries and Repairs.

or to thin out the Trees where they stand too near If this Arrangement shall be adopted, the Price to each other. In some of the Coppices (he says) " there be paid, or the Quantity of Timber to be delivered,

" is little or no Succession of young Oaks; and in may be determined by Commissioners to be named by " others they stand in particular Spots, as thick as the Crown, and the Duke of Grafton.

" possible too thick even to grow 20 Years without In case an absolute Sale of the Crown’s Interest " injuring one another," And to remedy this Evil, should take Place, we would humbly advise that the Vol. 47. Q q Sum

150 13° Februarii. 1792.

Eighth Report Sura to be received for it should be laid out in the

Land*Revenu01 ^urc^ase some Estate in a proper Soil for the Growth

v___evenue‘, of Oak, situated near to one of the Dock-Yards, or to one of the Royal Forests proposed to be kept as Nurseries of Timber for the Navy. But if the Proposal for delivering an Annual Quantity of Timber should be Seventh Re- preferred, the same Regulations as we have suggested port, pa. 14. in our Report on the Forest of maty be established

here, both for securing the Annual Supply to the Public, and guarding against the Possibility of a profuse and wasteful Cutting of the Timber by a future Possessor of the Forest.'

An Arrangement of this Nature, we apprehend, would prove advantageous both to the Crown and to the Grantee: The Duke of would have it in

his Power to pursue that Plan of Management which he should think the most for his own Interest, and by which the Property might be best improved: A less Number of Officers might, perhaps, be found sufficient for a Forest of this Extent; and certainly the Repairs of Lodges and Fences would be performed with more Oeconomy than they have been by the Officers of the Crown; and all the Profit to be derived from Care of the Forest, or Saving in the Expenditure, or from any Plan of Improvement, either for the Increase of the Timber or Underwood, would be entirely his own.

The authentic Proofs we have given of what this Forest formerly produced while the Interest in the Timber and the Underwood belonged wholly to the Crow’n, shew the Value to which it might again be brought, if it should be freed from the Mixture of Rights created by the Grants under which the various Interests are now held; for it can hardly be doubted, that under the watchful Care of the Grantee, if he were the Sole Proprietor, the Forest would be at least as productive as it formerly w as, under the Disadvantages attendant on public Management.

The Crown would, at the same Time, be freed from the difficult Task of protecting Property mixed with that of others, who have opposite Interests; and of guarding against the misconduct of its own Servants; as well as from the Charge of paying a Number of Officers, not of its own Appointment; and of supporting and repairing of Lodges, at an Expence which cannot easily be ascertained or regulated; and the public Object would, at the same Time, be attained, of securing a Supply of Timber for the Dock Yards.

But previously to the carrying this Plan into Execution, it would be extremely desirable that such a Settlement should take Place between the Crown, the Duke of Grafton, and the Commoners, as we have recommended in our Report on the Forest of Salcey, by which, if it shall be agreed on the Part of the Crown and the Duke of Grafton to discontinue the keeping of Deer in the Forest, or to confine them to an inclosed Part of it, the Commoners should consent to the Coppices being kept a longer Time inclosed after each Cutting of the Underwood, in Consideration of their having the entire Enjoyment of the Pasture of the uninclosed Parts of the Forest for their Cattle (instead of having, as at present, only a Share of it, in common with the Deer) and of their being wholly freed from the Damage done to their Lands, by the Deer straying upon them, for which they are at present without a Remedy; and the ascertaining of that additional Term of Inclosure should also be submitted to Commissioners.

Besides the great Advantage to the Saplings and Underwood from the Coppices being kept a longer Time inclosed, and protected from the Cattle, there would be a considerable Saving in the making of Fences; which would not require to be of so expensive a Kind, if the Deer were either removed; or confined

to an inclosed Part of the Forest: And the Browse Trees might then be wholly cut and disposed of, which would give Room for more Underwood, or better Trees, to grow' in their Stead.

If the Benefit to be derived to the Woods and Timber, from such an Agreement with the Commoners shall be extended to the Coppices belonging to Earl Bathurst, an adequate Consideration should be allowed by him to the Crown and the Duke of,

proportioned, as we conceive, to their respective interests in the Deer, in return for the Advantage which his Property will receive from the Woods being longer inclosed; but if no Alteration shall take place with respect to those Coppices, the additional Pasturage within them for the Cattle, in consequence of the Removal of the Deer, will form Part of the Compensation to the Commoners for keeping the other Coppices a longer Time inclosed.

Objections have been suggested to us, by the Duke of Grafton, to the Proposal for a Rent Charge in Timber, both on Account of the Risk to the Public, and to the Grantee; from the Possibility that some future Possessor of the Forest may dispose of the Whole of the Timber, to the Injury of the Public, which might be disappointed of the Supply expected for the Navy, and of his Successors, who would remain burthened with the Rent Charge, though deprived of the Stock from which it was to be furnished: And wc can propose no other Means to guard against this Danger than what occurred to his Grace, and are stated in our Report on Salcey Forest, and the usual Restrictions to Seventh Represent Waste in entailed Property. port> pa>

If, however, neither of the Plans on which we have proposed a Transference of the remaining Rights of the Crown to the Grantee, shall meet with the Approbation of the Legislature, and of the Duke of Grafton, it remains for 11s then only to recommend a more regular and attentive Management of the Property which the Crown now has in the Forest; and that more effectual Checks may be put on the Conduct of the Officers to whom the Care and Management of it shall be intrusted.

With this View' we think that a new Survey should be taken of all the Timber and other Trees and Saplings belonging to the Crown; and that Regulations

e» o o 7 .

similar to those which we have suggested m our Report on the Forest of Salcey, for the Care of the Interests of the Crown there, during the Continuance of the present Grant of the Wardenship of that Forest, should be established here.

Regulations of this Nature are not altogether new or enJ.x unprecedented; on a Reference to the Warrants and Proceedings concerning this Forest during the last Century, it will be found that for many Years after the Coppices were granted in Fee, similar and more numerous Checks were provided, and strictly attended to in the Execution; but these have since been neglected, and gradually suffered to fall into disuse.

The same Regulations as we have proposed in that Report, with respect to Repairs or other Works in the Forest, to be done at the Charge of the Crown, should also be adopted here; and, as it is probable that the Expences of that Kind hitherto incurred, and which appear to have amounted, from 1705 to 178G, to no less than £.16,036. u. (including the

Two Grunts of £. 2,000 each to the late and present Warden of the Forest) have been greatly enhanced, in consequence of the expensive Mode in which all Works executed in any of the Forests have been carried on; and as it appears that a great Part of the Expence of the Repairs of IVakefdd Lodge has always been defrayed by the Family of , and it can-

not be proposed' that a House of that Magnitude should be supported as a Lodge, entirely at the Expence of the Crown, we would humbly propose that an Estimate should be made of the Expence which may

h

b

*1

tt,

in

ret

wii

h

h

ate

01

Ji

A

tli

*i

to

H

n

*ii

ill

1

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarri.

151

may be necessary for keeping a proper Lodge for the should propose the best Means that occur to us for the Eighth Report Lord Warden of this Forest in Repair, having Regard Preservation and Improvement of the Timber, in case of the Board of to what the antient Lodge was before it was enlarged the Rights of the Parties shall remain unaltered. Land Revenue- —

as a Place of Residence for the Family of Grafton, if

Appendix, N' 10.

that can be ascertained; and that a reasonable Allowance should, accordingly, be made to the Duke of Grafion on that Account.

The Deputy Surveyor, or Officer intrusted with the Care of the Timber in that Forest, and who should be resident within or near it, should have a Salary adequate to the Duty of his Office, and should not be allowed to take any Perquisite whatever, or to hold any other Employment; and the Power which the Crown has Over the Keepers will, at all times, be sufficient to Compel them to do their Duty, in regard to the Preservation of the Timber (with proper Attention on the Part of those who may be intrusted with the Forests) not only from their being removeable for committing or suffering any Waste of the Timber, or Saplings, but from the Nature of the Warrant under which their additional Salaries, amounting to 98/. per Annum, are paid, and the Purpose for which that Allowance was made, namely, " to encourage them to be more " vigilant, and active, in the Preservation of the " Timber."

The lopping of Oak Trees for Browse for the Deer, we conceive to be One great Cause of the Decrease of the Timber fit for Naval Use; and, in our Opinion it cannot be of much Benefit to the Deer, the Oak being so slow of Growth, as not to be fit for browsing

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard, 12th June 1791.

Cha' Middleton, (L. S.) In" Call, (L. S.)

John Fordyce, (L. S.)

SINCE the foregoing Report on the Forest of Whittlexvood was closed, the Duke of Grafton had signified to us, That, " having considered fully the " Difficulties attending an improved Settlement of the " different Rights in this Forest, he would not object " to receive, as an Equivalent, such separate Portion " of the Whole, as is proportionate to his present Possessions, provided that Share should commence from " the East Side, or Boundary, of the Forest, and be " allotted round Wakifeld Lodge; thinking that might

" be the most practicable Method of effecting the " Settlement desired, and which, as it must be thought " reasonable in itself, so it would put neither the Crown, " nor other Claimants, under any Inconvenience."

The Circumstances which prevented us from suggesting a complete Division of this Forest, by which the Crown, the Duke of Grafton, and the Commoners, might each receive a separate Share, as an Equivalent

for their present Interests, were, as we stated in the oftener than Once in Twenty Years, and, when very Report, our Apprehensions that the Beauty and Value old, not oftener than Once in 30 or 40 Years; while of the Place might be injured by such Division, and that

the Ash, which affords a more suitable Food for the Deer, may be browsed every Ten Years. It appears to us, therefore, to be more advisable to increase the Number of Browse Ashes, if What are now in the Forest are not sufficient, than to continue the large

the Part allotted to the Crown would not be of sufficient Extent, to render it advisable to take it into Possession, and to have an Establishment of Officers for its Management and Improvement.

The first of these Objections being, undoubtedly.

old Oaks, which produce so small a Proportion of removed by the Suggestion of the Duke of Grafton,

Browse. — Some of the browsed Oaks, in the Judgment of the Agent for the Navy Board, as well as of our Surveyor, are still fit for Naval Use; and, in our Opinion, the Whole of that Description ought to be taken down, to make Room for a Succession of young Timber; and such as shall be left standing for Browse Trees should be divided' as equally as possible, to

who must be much better able to judge of the Effect w’hich such a Division would have upon the Forest, as a Place of Residence, than we can be, we shall now suggest what we humbly conceive might prove an advantageous Arrangement, both to the Crown and the Duke of Grafton; and by which a more general Separation of the Property of the Crown from that of the Noble

prevent unnecessary Injury, either to the Saplings or Duke, than is proposed in the Letter we have referred

Underwood.

The Carriage of the Timber from this Forest to Deptford Yard has hitherto cost not less than 3/. ioj. per Load, Square Measure; the Land Carriage having been either to Oxford, about 30 Miles, or to Hertford,

which is upwards of 50 Miles; though, to lessen that Expence as much as possible, the Navy Board have had the Timber here, as well as in Ssquared and sided in the Forest, by which we are informed the Timber is reduced One Half in the Quantity. In future,

we

to, would be effected.

In our Report on the Forest of Salccy, we gave it as our Opinion, with the same View of putting an End to the Mixture of Property, that an Offer should be made to the Duke of Grafton to purchase his Right to the Underwood in that Forest; agreeably, therefore, to the Principles of each of those Suggestions, we would humbly recommend, that the Rights of the Crown in the Part’d Forest mentioned by the Duke

of , commencing at the East Side, and extending

apprehend there may be a considerable Reduction in round Lodge, should be transferred to the

this Charge, by conveying the Timber by Land to Duke; and that, in Return, the Rights which his Grace AynhocWharf about 11 of 1‘2 Miles from the nearest has in and so much of the West Part of

Part of the Forest, and from thence, by the Canal as may be farther necessary to compensate

lately made, to Oxford. what the Duke may receive, should be transferred to

But though the Regulations we have proposed, if the Crown, carried uniformly into Effect, under the Direction of an By Means of tins Arrangement, if the Grant of the Office of Forests, properly constituted, would in' all Offices in Forest shall terminate at the Death of

Probability tend very much to improve the Property the present Warden, the Crown will then have the reserved by the CroWri in this Forest, and' to increase entire Property of that Forest, subject only to the Rights the Quantity of the Timber; yet we are convinced of the Commoners; and will have the same Interest in that no Regulations, nor any System of Management1 so muich of the West Part of Whittlexfood as may be which can be devised, will ever be found completely allotted to the Crown; and with this View we appre-to guard against, or prevent, the bad Effects to be hend that Commissioners or Trustees, should be ap-apprehended from a Mixture of Rights, and an Op- pointed by the Crown to treat with the Duke of Grafton position of Interests in the same Property. No Estate for’a Settlement of this Nature; and that any Dif-which has more than One Proprietor, and is under a ference of Opinion which may arise respecting the Terms divided Management, cah ever be brought'to its highest of Exchange, should be referred to Arbitration.

State of Improvement; and these' Regulations are In"order that the Settlement may be rendered as suggested, only because our Duty requires that we complete and'permanent as possible, it may perhaps VOL. 47. be

152 13° Feb

E!§llth RepoJl be advisable, that, as the Crown will be freed from the LandVeveuue ° Pa)’ment of Officers, and from the Repairs of Lodges, '/ or other Expences, within the Part of the Forest to be allotted to the Duke of Grafton, that Part should be rendered Fee Simple, instead of being held, as it now is, only during the Continuance of Heirs Male of the Family of Grafton. The Terms agreed on for such Exchange should be laid before Parliament; and if approved, an Act should be passed for carrying the Agreement into Execution.

As the great Object for the Public, in the future Management of the Woods to be then allotted to the Crown, will be the Increase and Protection of Timber for the Navy; and as the young Trees are often destroyed, and even the Underwood considerably injured by the early Admission of Cattle, it may be further advisable that, in the same Act, Provision should be made for an Alteration in the Mode of enjoying the Right of Common; by which, instead of the Coppices being thrown open to the Cattle at the End of 9 Years, the Crown should be empowered always to keep a certain Proportion of the Forest inclosed, until the Trees shall be past Danger from Cattle; and that on throwing

uarii. A. 1792.

open those Inclosures, or any Part of them, an equal Portion of the Residue should be inclosed for Timber, in the same Manner as is provided in the Acts for Dean and New Forests, and as we have proposed for the 20 Cha. ir. Improvement of others. 9 & 10W.III.

By such a Settlement with the Commoners, though the Crown will be entitled to increase the Quantity inclosed, in consequence of the Removal of the Deer, the Interest of the Commoners will not be injured, because they will have the entire Use of the Herbage of the Part left open for their Cattle; and though that Part will be of smaller Extent, the Pasture will not be less valuable.

The Officers who may be appointed for the Care of Salccy Forest may, as we have suggested in the Report on that Forest, have the Superintendance of both, which would in some degree obviate the Second Objection.

Cha’ Middleton, (L. S.),

Land Revenue Office, Jn° Call, (L. S.)

Scotland Yard, John (L. S.)

6th February 1792.

APPENDIX.

N*

Page

1. Perambulation of the Forest of Whittlewood, in 27th Edward 1st -

2. Perambulation of the same Forest in 15th Charles 1st

3. An Account of the Coppices, Lodges, Lawns, and other Lands, within the said

Forest; extracted from a Survey thereof, made by Richard Davis, in 1787

4. Petition of Charles Duke of Grafton to Queen Anne, to supply a Defect in his Grant

of the Master Forestership of the said Forest; with the Attorney General’s Report thereon, dated February 3d, 1710-11 - -

5. Report of Edward Wilcox, Esquire, Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests,

relative to the said Petition, 11th February 1711 -

6. Grant of the Office of Master Forester of the said Forest to Charles Duke of

Grafton, and his Heirs Male, dated 19th July, 11th Anne -

7. The Answer of his Grace the Duke of Grafton, Warden or Ranger of the said Forest,

to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue -

8. List of Deer supplied Annually from the said Forest -

9. Warrant for Payments in Money to the Officers of the said Forest, in lieu of

Allowances of Wood, claimed by them, dated 8th August 1713 -

10. Warrant for additional Salaries to the Under Foresters and Keepers of the said

Forest, dated 14th September 1727 -

11. The Answer of Joseph Smyth, Esquire, Lieutenant Woodward, and Keeper of

Sholbrook Walk, in the said Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue ——

1 a. Examinations of the Keepers, and Page Keepers of the said Forest -

13. The Answer of J. F. Willes, Esquire, Verderor, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue ——

14. The Answer of Humbo Rigby, Esquire, Purlieu Ranger of the said Forest, to the

Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue -

15. Warrant, allowing a Salary to Humbo Rigby, Esquire, Purlieu Ranger of the said

Forest, 10th June 1766 ——

16. List of the Officers of the said Forest, with their Annual Salaries and Allow ances,

10th December 1790 ——

17. Extract of a Survey, intituled, " A Survay Estimate and Value of his Mau Tymber

" and Fyerwoods, in the said Countye S’vayed marked and valewed by Wm Salter " and Henrye Thorpe, the first of January A® 1608 " -

18. Abstract of Accounts of Timber felled within the said Forest for the Use of the

Navy, from 1705 to 1786, inclusive ——

19. Abstract of Accounts of Wood Sales within the said Forest for Payment of the

Salaries of the Officers, and defraying the Expence of Works and Repairs, in the said Forest, from 1705 to 1786 inclusive ——

20. Account of Timber felled in the said Forest for the Use of the Navy, and of Wood

Sales there, from 1786 to the End of the Year 1790....

21. An Account of all the Oak and Ash Trees growing in Whitllewood Forest, surveyed

between the 13th of November 1782 and the 6th of March 1783, by Reuben Capes, Deputy Surveyor ——

22. Warrant for raising certain Sums of Money by Sale of Pollard and decayed Trees,

in the said Forest, and Establishing Regulations for the Care of the Timber and Saplings there, dated 30th April 1690

1.53

154

155

160

161

162

164

165

165

167

168

169

179

>79

180

181

182

>83

184

185

186

187

N° 1.

32 Geo. III.

13° Febru

153

N* l.

PERAMBULATION of the Forest of

in the 27th Year of King Edward 1st.

ROT: PERAMBULAC: de Anno Regni Regis Edwardi prirai Vicesimo septimo. m. 11.

vnfiTHT /"REX Omib* ad quos &c\ Saltm, 1 t SCIATIS qd Cum Coitas Regni nfi

nob concesserit Quintamdecimam onrrfum Bono? suo? mobilium que hebunt in Festo Sci Micftis pximo fu-turo extunc taxando?, Quequidem Quintadecima post hujus modi Taxacoem colligi debet, levari et fideli? nob solvi, Volumus et concedimus p nob et heredibj nris q d patnbulacdes facte coram ditco et fideli nro Rog*o Brabanzoun et Socijs suis ad hoc assignatis p |)ceptum nrm de Forestis nris in Com Northton de-ce?o teneantur et observentur p Metas et Bundas contentas in eisdem pambulacoibj quaf Tenor de Verbo ad Verbum sequitur in hunc Modum. PERAM-BULACO fca in Forestis de Salseto et Wydewode Die Venfis px ante Festum Aptor Simonis et Jude Anno Regni Regis Edwardi Fit Reg Hen? Vicesimo Septimo p fkeptum Dni Regis Edward p Sacrum Walt? Fit Robti de Davintre, Galfirid de Sandyacre, Jobis de Roseles, With de Wotton, Elye de Prestone, Johis de Hargrave, Thome Malekaks, Rogi Musin-dene, Ade de Toursmere, Robti le Bon, Hen? Gobyon, Jobis de Barnevitt, Jobis de Grymescote, Theobaldi do Evenle, Thome de Gretworthe, Reginaldi Clici, Johis de la Hacche, Jobis de Wydevytt, Jobis Le Forester, Reginald Mallor et Jobis de Cumelyntone ad hoc electo? coram Rog^o Brabanzoun, Jobe de Berwyk, Rado de Hengham et Jobe de Crokest Justie ad hoc assignat: ISTE SUNT BUNDE et Divis de Wytle-wode, Videlt, de Ponte de Stony Stratford p Filum vete? cursus Aque de Ouse, includend in Foresta Pas-senham et Kyngesham usq Salcwere, et de Salcwere usq Kyngham Mere, Et de Kyngham Mere ini Cam-pum de Magna Deneshanger et pva Deneshanger usq Portwey et sic ex WansvSr le Portwey in? Kyngesbarwe et Wykebarwe p Wyttricheswey in? Feod de Passen-ham et de Wykedyne usq ad Gardinum Elye de Tyng-wyks, Et sic p quoddam Fossatum includend p>dem

Gardinu simul cum Man’io suo Co..magna

Deneshanger et inde extransve?s p Kyngesbroks usq ad Bournewell in? Boscum dnicum Dni Regis et Bos-cum Jobis Dyne, excludend dcm Boscum dci Jobis usq Byrchenegrene, Et de Byrchenegrene in? Boscum dnicum Dni Regis Heywode usq Westmede-dyks, Et de Westmededyks in? Boscum de Norton et Heywode usq Ferthygner, includend Boscum de Nortone tantum, Et de Ferthyng usq Stomfordehacche, Et de Stomfordehacche usq Alyenewodebrok et sic usq Chapelhacche, Et del Chapelhacche p medium Prio-ratus de Loffeld in? Comitatus Northton et Bokyng-hame, et sic usq Wolmerestyl in? Hynewod et Hasel-berwe et Hynewode Ruydyng, excludend Hynewode, Et sic p Langelesyks ini Marywode et Haselberwe usq Litelheybrigge, et de Lyttelheybrigge in? Boscum dnicum Dni Regis et Feod Wyntoner p quoddam Fossatum usq Lurtebrokbrigge, Et Villat de Wyteveld rem in Foresta sicut Prius, Et de Lurtebrokbrigge includend Grangiam de Kyngeshull usq Stakeswell, et de Stackeswell in? Bydemor et Bichenho usq Warpen-namwode p Le Rede Weye, Et sic in? Boscum Mo-Dachor Sci Andree Northton et Dnicum Dni-Regis usq Haselberwemor, Et de Haselberwemor usq Tone-brigg, Et de Tonebrigg usq Heggesmulne, includend pcurn de Haule infra vetus Fossatum, Et de Hegge-mulne p quondam Ductam usq Newebrigg excludend Doowellehay et Vitt de Touccestre, cum pochia ejusdem usq Pavelyeshegg et de Pavelye-shegg usq Wodekespath p Feod de Nortone, et de Woaekespath in? Feodum de Pavely et de Nortone usq Odewell et sic usq ad Watlyngstrete subtus pcum de Potterspyrye, Et sic p Watlyngstrete usq ad

V01. 47.

Capud Vilt de Potterspirye ex Oppoitode Wetelehurne, Ei ghtb Report et de Wetelehurne p quoddam Ductum usq Roule, et llJ* Boatd of de Roule subtus Dnicum Dni Regis p Redebrok usq , n ^t01ie' Bemylleswode, excludend Boscum de Covesgrave Forho,

Prior de Snelleshall, Elye de Tyngwyks, Jobis Fil Jobis et Jobis de Bernevyll, et sic usq Bernevylle-shacche, et de Bemevylleshacche p quandam Semitam usq Santpittes, Et de Santpittes, excludend Feod Leycestr, usq Wyckewell, Et de Wyckewell extrans-ve?s, Ductum usq Tripenheg in Camp de Pokest, Et sic semp in? Feud Leycestrye et de Passenham, includend tantum Feod de Passenham, Et de Tripenheg subtus Cooptum de Pokest et de Schrobbe p Alwynesfeld usq -Keteleshull, Etde Keteleshull usq Fassislescrofteshume,

Et de Fassislescrofteshume transeundo ultra Watlyngstrete p quandam Viam que seducit ad le Feldyate Rector Ecctie de Forho, includend totum Boscum qui vocatur Nottescokest, Et sic p Watlyngstrete usq ad Pontem de Stony Stratford.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

Robert Lemon,

Chief Clerk.

ROT. PERAMBULAC: de Anno Regni Regis Edwardi primi Vicessimo octavo, m. 7.

OXON /REX Omib3 ad quos &c\ SCI ATIS , ‘ [qd Cum Comunitas Regni n?i nobis con-

cesserit Quintaudecimam omlu Bonor suor mobiliu que hebunt in Festo Sci Michis pximo futuro extunc taxando? Quequidem Quintadecima post hujus modi Taxacoem colligi debet, levari, et fideli? nob solvi, Volumus et concedimus p nob et hSdibj nris qd pam-bulacdes fee coram ditco et fideli nro Rog 0 Brabazun et Socijs suis ad hoc assignatis p {Jceptum nrm de Forestis n?is in Com Oxon dece?o teneantur et observentur p Metas et Bundas contentas in eisdem pam-bulacoibx qua? Tenor de Verbo ad Verbum sequitur in hunc Modum. PERAMBULACIO Foresta? Com Oxon fca coram Dnis Rogro Le Brabazun, Rado de Hengham et Witfmo Inge Justic Dni Regis ad dcam pambulacoem faciend assignat in psencia Forestario? et Viridario? Foresta? pdea Die DnTca in Vigilia Beati Petri in Cathedra Anno Regni Regis Edwardi Vicesimo octavo p Sacrm Jobis Filij Guidon Fulcon de Rucote, Thom de Parco, Witti de Skatebrok, Hen de Bruylly, Gilbti de Gay, RicT de Canne, Johis de la Hide, Hugonis de Barton, Stephi de Abedon, Jotiis de Haddon, Robti de Stoks Robti de Romeny Jun, Rici de Cornewell, Radi de Sutton, Hen Le Espicer de Cheping Norton, Wald Heseil de Lillingston, Robti Noel de Wode Pyrte, Nicbi Broun Juh, Radi de 1a Hjde, Witti Bernard, Jobis de Honyngton de Chadelyngton, Ade de Dounhalle, et Robti de Astcote. QUI DICUNT sup sacrm suum qd Foresta de Whytlewode incipit apud Buggerode juxta Stowe-hach in? Boscum Abbis de Oseneye et Boscum de Boycote, et sic usq Foulmere, et sic usq Blakeputtcs Slade, et sic usq Iloleweye, et sic p vivam Hayam usq Stowehacch, Et sic p Villa de Boycote cum Catnpis Boscis et omTbj ptin, que est in manu Abbis de But-tlesden deafforestatur, Et deinde incipiendo apud Ay-lythwodebrok in? tres Com Scitt, Oxon, Buts, et North ton, Et sic p Di visas usq Wytlebury Rode, in-cludendo Forestam ex parte sinistra p oines Bundas et Metas subscriptas, et excludendo extra Forestam ex parte dextra totum residuum; Et sic usq le Cokschutc Weye, et sic usq vivam Hayam inter Boscum ct Campum apud le Brode of the Lesewe, et sic p vivam Haiam usq Fossatum apud le Stertestile, Et sic de-scendendo in? Campum del Heyburne et Campum de Lillingston usq le Hertstrete ad Capud supius de Throkelemede, et sic p le Hertstrete usq Divisam in? Campum de Lillyngston et le Heyberum, Et sic as-

R r condendo

154 13° Februarii. A. 1792.

Eighth Report cendendo usq Wakerfeld Rode, et sic p vivam Hayam of the Board of US(^ je Blakeputte et sic usq Hardesley grene, et sic usq Land Revenue. j3y1-c|ienegrenej et sic usq Southfelderode, et sic usq N" ' le Thistelgrene, et sic usq Leychehamrode, et sic extransverso usq Stottesdich, et sic usq Torenhaterhawe, et sic usq Rivulum qui venit de Aylinew odebroks, et sic p dcm Rivulum usq magnam Lillyngston, Et sic magna Lillyngston cum Campis Boscis et alijs ptin est extra Forestam. ET DICUNT Ju? qd Boscus de Boycote qui est Abbis de Butlesdene, et Boscus de magna Lillyngston qui modo est Galfridi de Bradden et Ade de Monte Alto fuerunt afforestati post Coronae Dni H: Regis pavi Dni Regis nunc, ad tale Dampnum qd nec ipi nec eor Antecessores seu pdecessores post tempus {idem usq nunc, nichil de pdcis Boscis capere potunt, nisi n Liberacoem Forestarior et ad eordein Forestarior Voluntatem nec aliud pficuurn de eisdem Boscis rccipere sicut prius here et fac?e consueverunt ante tempus CoronacoTs Dni H: Regis pdci absq Atlachiamento et Impedimento Forestarior fidcor. ET DICUNT oihes pdcos Boscos esse afforestatos post Coronacoem Dni H: Regis fjdci put intellexcrunt et intellegunt ex Ilelatu Antecessor suor et also? pbo? Holum et p coem Famam Patrie et p omes Villatos eidem Foreste ppinquius adjacentes, SET DICUNT Jur qd quid vel quantum et quales Bosci fuerunt afforestati in tempore Regum lien? pavi, Rici et Johls sepatim, certive noiSre nescunt.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the

Tower of Londo, having been examined.

Robert,

Chief Clerk.

ROT: PERAMBULAC: de Anno Regni Regis Edwardi primi Vicesimo octavo, m. 2.

BUKS Oiiiibj ad quos &c. SCIATIS qd

t Cum Comunitas Regni n?i nob con-cesserit Quintamdccimam omlu Bonor Suor mobiliu que hebunt in Festo Sci Miclns pxiino futuro extunc taxandor, Quequidem Quintadecima post hujus modi Taxacoem colligi debet levari et fidelit nob solvi Volumus et conccdimus p nob et Ileredibj n?is qd pambulacoes tacte coram diteo et lideli n?o coram Dno Ratio de Henghain et Socijs suis ad hoc assig-natis.p pceptum nrin de Forestis nris in Coin Buks deceto teneantur et obsurventur p Mctas et Bundas contentas in eisdem pambulacbib3 qua? Tenor de vbo ad vbutn sequitur in hunc Modum. PERAM-BULACIO facta de Foresta nra in Com Buks Die Jovis in Septimana Pentecost Anno Regni Regis Edwardi Fit Regis Henrici Vicesimo octavo, Coram Dnis Rado de Hengham, Willo Trussed, Stepho de Graveshend et Willino de Sutton Justic p Bre Dni Regis ad pambulacocm Foreste faciend in Com pdeo assign p Jurator subscriptos Videlt, "Witt* de Bello Campo, Witt" de Saundirdone Milites, Radm Seitun de Crendon, Petrum de la Rokele de Wotton, Radm le Serjaunt, Rogrum Bracy, And? Croks, Eliam dc Aspele, Robtm de Burlee, Reginaldum de

....., Wittum de Virida?, Thomam de Len-

ton, Radum de Reyne, Nichum de Euere, Wittm de Olneye, Robtm de Ekeneye, Ricitm cum Barba, Tho-mam Manger, Thomam de Walda, Johem Basset, Wittm Passelewe, Ricum de Tours, Wittm le Botel-

ler, Thomam Bol....., Johem Fit Joins de

Hampslar, Johem de Hargrave, Robtum de Hyntes Jur, flsencia Joins de Haud Forestar de Berilwode, Wal?i de Upton, Jotiis de Feurbrans, Adam Fit Petri viridar. QUI JUR DICUNT p Sacramen-tum Suum qd Dnus H Rex pavus Dni Regis nunc habuit ad Coronacoem suatn dmcos, Boscos suos in Corn pdeo in Foresta prius afforestata p Antecessores suos, Scilt, Boscum de Pounsehale &c. ITEM pdei Jur Dicunt qd in Baitia JohTs de Tyngwyll Forestar de Whytlewode in Com jMco ffdcus Dnfis H

Rex pavus &c. nullum habuit DnTcum Corone, nec ante tempus suu nulla Foresta suit nisi p ipm Dnurn H Regem pavum &c. et temporibj Regum post et non ante — ITEM f)dci Ju? dicunt qd in Balliva Ade de la Chaumbre Foresta? de Sauce in Com fJdco fidcus Dnus H Rex pavus &c. nullum habuit DnTcum Corone, nec ante tempus suu nulla Foresta suit, nisi p ipm Dnum H Regem pavum &c. et temporibj Regum post et non ante.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

Robert,

Chief Clerk.

N* 2.

PERAMBULATION of the Forest of Whittlewood, in the 15th Year of King Charles 1st.

Foresta Dni Regis' de Whittlewood.

N° 3. in Bundei 2." Clameor in Forest de Whittlewood.

PERAMBULACO fcaperTho-niam Knighte Gen Francm Butler Gen Robtm Hopkyns Ricm Scrivenor Ricm Fitz Hughe ats Caporne, Ricm Webb Gen. Johem Hopkyns, Ricm Robyns, Robtm Clarke, Witt" Reeve Gen, Thomam Holman, et Robtm Heuson, Regadator Foreste de Whittlewood pred de Metis et Bun-dis ejusdem Foreste in Coin Northton Vicesimo Sexto Die Junij Anno Regni Dni nri Caroli Dei Gra Anglie Scotie Frauncie et Hibnie Regis Fidei Defensor &c. decimo quinto.

QUI DICUNT qd Mete et Bunde Foreste pred incipiunt ad Pontem de Thorton et sic p Aquam de Use usq ad Pontem de Stratford, et de eodem Ponte per eandein Ripam usq ad Ripam que vocatur Stinle et sic sursem per Ripam de Stinle usq ad Pontem de Athilford, et de eodem Ponte per eamlem Ripam usq ad Pontem de Cademan, et sic p eandem Ripam usq ad Pontem de Nort extra Viliam de Towcester, et de eodem Ponte per Viam Regis que ducit versus Northt per niediam Viam de Tiffend usq ad Locum qui vocatur Snakemor, et de Snakemor p Viam Regis que vocatur Oxenford Wey in? Vill de Donecote et Burcote, et sic p eandem Viam per medium Villat de Bradden, et de eadem Villa per eandem Viam per mediam Vitt de Slapton et de eadem Villa per eandem Viam per media un Capud Ville de Wappenbiam usq ad Molendinum ventriticum quod est extra eandem Villain, et de eodem Molendino per eandem Viam usq ad Locum qui vocatur Crowefend et sic per eandem Viam intr Parcum de Wessele et Vitt de Westcote usq ad Pontem qui vocatur Huberdisbrigg, et de eodem Ponte per eandein Viam p mediam Vitt de Bracklye.

Thomas Knight.

Francis Butler.

Robarte Hopkines.

Thomas Holman.

Richard Fitzhugh.

Richard Webb.

Richard 'R Scrivenor.

John + Hopkins.

Richard Robines.

Robart Clarke.

Robart Heuson.

William Reeve.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

Robert,

Chief Clerk.

N* 3.

32 Geo. III.

13° Febructrik

m

N* 3-

An ACCOUNT of the Coppices* Lodges, Lawns, and other Lands, within the Forest of extracted from a Survey thereof, made by Order of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, by Richard Davis, in 1787.

Whittlewood Forest,

Is situate in the Parishes of

and Passenham, or Denshange (which is a Hamlet to

Passtnham) in the County of Northampton, and a small Part in the Parish of Lillings in the County of Buckingham.

This Forest is divided into Five Walks, namely, Hasleburrou', Sholbrook, W Hanger, and Shrob

Walks; and there is a Keeper to each Walk, appointed by his Grace the Duke of Grafton. Those Keepers have each a separate Lodge, and have their respective Page Keepers to* assist them.; -

Hasleburrou>

Is situate in the ! Parishes of TVhitfield and Silslone, in the county of ; Northampton, at the South End of lVhittleumd Forest, and is bounded on Parts by the Parishes of Whittlebuty, Bid-

dlesden, and Siresham.The Turnpike Road from Oxford to Northampton passes through the Middle of this Walk, which is not encompassed by a Ring Fence on every Part as the other Walks are, but is in Places open, so that the Deer and Common Cattle often stray into the Village of Silstone, and other adjacent Places. '

This Walk contains Ten Coppices, which are in the Parish of Whitfield, where the Timber is the Property of the Crown, and the Underwood is the Property of his Grace the Duke of ftnd

Seven Coppices which are in the Parish of Silslone, where both the Timber and Undefwood belorlg to the Right honourable Earl Bathurst.

The Soil is in general good, consisting of a Red Loam, and Sand mixed w'ith Clay, in that Part of the Walk which is in the Parish of though

the Underwood, from having been neglected many Years ago, is of the least Value here of any other Walk in the Forest, there being more Plains and open Places in these Copses than are tnet with in general, which makes the Feed to the Deer and Common Cattle to be of the greater Value. 1 '

Sholbrook Walk,

Is situate in the Parish of Whetween Lord Bathurst's Coppices and Walk, and is

bounded on Parts by the Parishes of Lillingstone-Lovell, Lillingstone-Durcll, Silstone, and other Lands within the same Parish of Whittlebury. _

This Walk contains Sixteen Coppices, on which the Common Cattle and the Deer ‘depasture when open, and Three Copses, where the Deer are excluded, being only connected to the Forest by ai narrow Neck of Land, which would make it expensive to have a proper Mound to contain the Deer. —

The Soil is in general a strong deep Clay, with a little Exception; of Sand and Loam. The Underwood is for the most Part thick, and the Oaks appear healthy.

In this Walk is Sholbrook Lodge, the Residence of the Lieutenant and Deputy Ranger, Joseph Smyth, Esquire; Maggots Moor Lodge, in the Occupation of William Lovell, Page Keeper; ind another Lodge, in the Occupation of William Savage, the other Page Keeper. 1

Vo I.. 47.

Wakefield Walk, Eighth n^rt

J of the Hoani

Is situate in the Parishes of Whittlebury, Potters-Pury, La„d Revenue.

and Passenham, or Fknshanger (which is a Hamlet to v ----- ---, ——

Passenham) in the County of Northampton, and a Part in the Parish of Lillingstone-DareU, in the County of Buckingham, laying between Sholbrook and Hanger Walks, and is bounded on Parts by the Parishes of Paulers-Pury, Lillingstone-Lovell, and Wick

There are in this Walk Twenty Coppices, on all of which the Common Cattle and Deer depasture when open, and several open Plains and Ridings, particularly a large Plain open at all Times, called Holy-brook Plain, a Part of which used to be inclosed as a Coppice a few Years ago, but is now thrown open in Consequence of an Agreement with the Commoners, in lieu of an Inclosure which is at no Time thrown open, adjoining to Wakejield Great Lodge, called The Pheasantry.

In this Walk is Wakefield Great Lodge, the Seat of his Grace the Duke of Grafton, with suitable Otlires,

Garden, and the Pheasantry above mentioned laid out in the Style of a Pleasure Ground. Also Little Lodge, in the Occupation of Mr. Charles Ileath;

The Gullet Lodge, in the Occupation of Thomas Oakley,

Page Keeper; and Sutfield Green Lodge, in the Occupation of William Waterman.

Wakefield I mud,

Is a large Tract of Land, on which no Cattle arc admitted but the Deer and Horses, Cows and Oxen, belonging to the Ranger. The Common Cattle are excluded by Rails, a Round of near Three Miles, which are kept up both in Stuff and Workmanship at the Expence of the Crown, rough Timber for that Purpose being cut in the Forest.

The Soil is various, but for the most Part is good Land (especially the Lawn) and consists more of a sandy Loam and less of the Clay that is prevalent in this Forest. There are many good Coppices of Underwood, and much line Oak Timber.

Hanger Walk,

Is situate in the Parish of Passenham, adjoining to Wakefield Walk, at the South-east End of that Part of the Forest which lays connected together.

There are in this Walk Eight Coppices, on all of which the Deer and the Common Cattle depasture when openand several Ridings, as Arell as a small Plain called Hanger Hoi loirs, open at all Times.

There are also Two Lodges: Hanger Lodge, in the Occupation of Mr. William Taylor, Keeper of the Walk, and another Lodge in the Occupation of George Taylor,

Page Keeper.;

- The Soil, most of it, is strong deep Land, and produces in general some of the best Navy Timber, and ( good Underwood; fewer Browse Trees in this Walk than the last, and, where the Ridings are ploughed, ‘ produces good Crops of Corn.

Shrob Walk,

Is situate in the Parish of Passenham, being encom-: passed with a Ring Fence by itself, and detached for near the Distance of a Mile from any other Part of the Forest, in an Eastward Direction from This Walk nearly adjoins to the Town of Stony Stratford, and is bounded on one Side by the West Chester Road, called The Walling Street Road.

There are in this Walk Five Coppices, which are, as well as every other Part of this Walk, entirely exempt from Rights of Common at all Times; nor are there any Deer in this Walk, they having been driven hence to the other Part of the Forest, about Twelve Years ago, by Order of his Grace the Duke of Grafton.

156 13® Februarii. . 1792.

Eighth Report The Underwood and Timber are consequently of the of the Board of most Value of any of the Copses, and the Vicinity Land Revenue. to Stony Stratford and the Turnpike Road occasions ----- ----- -' the Underwood to fetch a superior Price.

There is but One Lodge in this Walk, which is occupied by Mr. Reuben Capes, the Keeper of the Walk, who is also the Deputy Surveyor of the Forest; and there is a greater Quantity of Land in the Occupation of the Keeper of this Walk than any of the others, because there are no Common Cattle nor Deer to partake of the Feed of the Plains and open Ridings.

The Ring Mound of this Walk has not been kept up with so much Care and Strength since the Deer are gone; and is moreover liable to many Depredations from being stolen, by laying near a great Town.

The Soil is of a mixt Nature, in general Loam and Mould, with some Clay, and is of that Kind as might be converted to almost any Purpose: Such as in Woodland produces good Underwood and Timber; the Meadow produces good fair Crops; and the other Parts, which are now pastured, would, if ploughed up, produce good Crops of Corn.

COPPICES.

In Hasleburrmv Walk

Black Hedges Coppice King Richard’s Coppice -Little Fernily Coppice Fair Oak Coppice Shield Coppice Sandyhurst Coppice -Shiplands Coppice -Bones Coppice Lodge Coppice Litchlake Coppice -

Lord Bathurst's Coppices:

Chapel Coppice Kingshill Coppice Wildwood Coppice Barn Yard Coppice Fox hole Coppice Hicks’s Coppice Cheese Coppice

In Sholbrook Walk:

Iron Yard Coppice ——

Hawkspath Coppice ——

Cook’s Coppice - -

Whittage Coppice ——

Kitlake Coppice - -

Kulcuttwell Hill Coppice -

Birch Coppice ——

South Linshire Coppice - - - - .

North Linshire Coppice ——

Farthing Coppice - - - - . - .

Holly Oak Coppice -

Buckingham Thick Coppice -

Chambersale Coppice - -

Hay ricks Coppice ——

Brand Coppice ——

Hanly Hill Coppice....

Black Pitts Coppice ——

Long Hedges Coppice - -

Porter’s Wood Coppice -

In Wakefield Walk:

Old Tun Coppice ——

Cattle Hill Coppice ——

Smalladine Coppice - -

Say’s Coppice ——

Bull’s Coppice -

Holton’s Coppice ——

Meanfallow’s Coppice -

Bear’s Coppice....

A. R. p. A. R. P.

8i 0 39

67 0 3»

18 2 9

82 2 23

15 2 18

44 2 13

0 12

55 3 33

47 3 6

»*9 0 28 587 3 11

55 0 14

56 1 20

63 2 3i,

42 1 0

5i 2 9

81 2 14

67 3 5 418 1 13

1,006 0 24

94 3 38

70 2 1

58 3 33

102 3 17

69 1 25

68 1 5

60 0 26

74 0 15

62 2 12

9 2 38,) *

57 2 18

90 0 26

87 3 30

42 2 24

34 3 29

a9 2 12

13 1 30

8 2 33

59 0 35 1,095 3 7

60 2 8

68 3 3

59 0 34

38 2 18

46 2 20

5i 1 19

56 0 1

50 3 37 King’s

32Ge.o. III.

13° Februa

15 7

King’s Coppice ——

Lady Coppice - ,

East or North Waterslade Coppice -

West or South D° ——

Briary Coppice ——

Sumtom Quarter Coppice ——

Inclosed Ridges ——

Old or West Ashwell’s ——

New or East Ashwell’s -

Hill’s Copse, including the Riding joining The Pheasantry

Rodmoor Coppice -

Steer Coppice ,....

In Hanger Walk.

Stallage Coppice

Grubhill Coppice, including the Stripe -Oundenwell Coppice, including the Stripe Old Coppice -

Points Coppice -

New Ditch Quarter -Long Coppice -

Hanger Coppice -

Total of the Coppices, on which there are Common Rights

In Shrob Walk.

Eustilus Coppice Bear’s Watering Coppice Sallow Coppice -Pond Riding Coppice -Cole Coppice -

Total of Coppices not Commonable General Total of alb the Coppices

A. E. P. A% R. P»

37 1 13

78 2 S ' *

80 0 18

63 0 35

50 2 8

67 3 10

20 l 12

48 3 3

65 1 21

49 0 38

42 2 29

47 1 9

1,083 1 24

40 3 3

109 1 3i

59 1 6

89 1 6

30 3 18

4« 0 27

26 3 22

59 0 39

456 3 32

- - 3,642 1 7

54 3 35

70 1 37

33 0 24

59 3 26

34 1 14

- - 252 3 16

- - 3,895 0 23

Eighth Report of the Board of Land Revenue*

PLAINS and OPEN RIDINGS, &c. never inclosed.

There are many Plains, Ridings, and public Roads, in different Parts of the Forest, between the Coppices, which have been never inclosed, consequently the Deer and Common Cattle feed there at all Times. In some Places there are a few Timber Trees, Bushes, &c. but no young Stock, on Account of the Deer and Common Cattle being never excluded.

In Hasleburroxo Walk.

Priests-Hay Riding, Monk’s Wood Riding, Fleet Green Dirty Riding, Open Fernily, Henwood

and Lodge Riding, Litchlake Straits, & c....

In Earl Bathurst’s District of the aforesaid Walk, Winter Hill, Kettle-end Green, Honey Lane, and other Ridings ——

In Sholbrook Walk.

Cold Thorn, Buckingham Riding, Whittlebury Green, the Lawn Head, and other Open Ridings,

A. R. P.

220 1 7

155 0 6

150 0 17

In Wakefield Walk.

Hollybrook Plain, Open Ridges, Gullet Hollows, Lawn Hollows, and other Open Ridings, with a Freebord adjoining ....

313 1 25

In Hanger Walk.

Hanger Hollows, and other Open Ridings, with two Freebords adjoining

Plains and Ridings never inclosed

In Shrob Walk (not Commonable.) Open Ridings, with a Freebord adjoining....

Total of Plains and Ridings

- 40 2 22

- 879 1 37

- 7 2 37

- 887 0 34

VOL. 47.

S s

LODGES

13® Febrmrii.

A.1792.

Eighth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

LODGES and LANDS in the Occupation of the Ranger, Deputy Rapger, and Keepers.

Ia Hasleburmv Walk.

John Hammond, Keeper.

Hasleburrow Lodge, Buildings, Garden, &c. -Two Meadows adjoining -

A Close of Pasture, called Homp’s Hill -

William Varney, Page Keeper.

Black Hedges Lodge, Yard, Garden, and Homestead -

The Meadows by the House ——

The Meadow, called The Allotment ——

A Piece of Land inclosed from the Forest, by the Duke of Grafton’s Permission

In Sholbrook Walk.

Joseph Smyth, Esquire, Deputy* Ranger.

Sholbrook Lodge, Buildings, Gardens, &c. ——

Two Meadows adjoining.....- -

William Lovell, 1st Page Keeper.

Maggot’s Moor Lodge, Garden, See. ....

A Close, Part of King’s Riding, subject to a Road....

William Saxage, 2d Page Keeper.

The Lodge, Garden, and Homestead ——

The Meadows adjoining ——

The Slip next Lillingstone-Lovell Parish ——

In Wakefield Walk.

His Grace the Duke of Grafton, Ranger.

Wakefield Great Lodge, Buildings, Garden, &c.

The Pleasure Ground, called The Pheasantry -The Paddock, a Meadow.

The Two Canals ——

The Road across the Head of the Canal -

Charles Heath, Keeper.

Wakefield Little Lodge, Buildings, Garden, &c.

A Meadow called Rushmoor -

Thomas Oakley, 1st Page Keeper.

Gullet Lodge, Garden, See. -

A Close of Meadow ——

The Feed of Part of King’s Riding, subject to a Freebord -

William Waterman, 2d Page Keeper.

Sootfield Green Lodge, Garden, and Homestead

Two Closes adjoining -

for an 18 Foot Freebord The Spinney, Part of King’s Riding

A. K. P.

0 3 0

12 1 6 3 2 10

In Hanger Walk.

William Taylor, Keeper.

Hanger Lodge, Buildings, Paddock, &c. Three Closes of Meadow

A. R.

0 5 5 4 1 35 1 3 3 29 0 0

0 3 0 I

32 3 *5

0 1 13

10 2 24

0 0 21 1

3 1 12 ]

9 1 15 1

4 3 26

59 2 271

52 1 3

22 1 *5

0 2 22

0 0 27 1

7 0 11 1

0 2 17 I

5 23

2 2 23

0 0 27 I

5 2 23

* 9 3 *

1 2 22

- 1 3 36

0 34

15 1

15 a

33 a

10 3

12 2

*39:

*7

*3

10

27

*5

37

8

*3

o 38

2 23

1 O

o 30

George

32 Geo. III.

13p Febru

George Taylor, Page Keeper of Hanger and Shrob Walks.

Lodge, Garden, and Homestead A Close of Meadow adjoining

In Shrob Walk. Reuben Capes, Keeper.

a. r. v.

oo 33 231

159

A. ft. P.

Eighth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

2 334.

Shrob Lodge, Buildings, Garden, &c. ——

Two Closes of Meadow ——

Shrob Lawn, the several Coppice Stripes,’Shrob Hollows, and the Green

1 1 39 >5 3 37

17 2 6

Total -

35 o 2

3»2 2 3

LAWNS,

Appropriated to the Deer and Cattle of the Ranger and Lieutenant, and where the Common Cattle

have no Righti

Wakefield Lawn, the Hollows, &c. Sholbrook Lawn -Hasleburrow Lodge Yard

A. R# p.

245 0 25

83 2 9

0 2 37

329 1 31

ABSTRACT.

Sixty-nine Coppices -.....-

Land in Open Plains and Ridings, never inclosed -Lodges, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, appropriated to the Use of the Rangers and Keepers ——

The Lawns ——

Total -

A. R. p.

3*895 0 23

887 0 34

322 2 3

329 I 31

5,424 1 11

OBSERVATIONS.

The Underwood in the inclosed Coppices cannot rightfully be cut, except at Twenty-one Years Growth; and, after the Two Verderors of the Forest have taken the Second best Half Acre of Woodland each in every Copse, the Remainder is the Property of his Grace the Duke of Grafton.

When a Copse goes to Sale, it is inclosed with a strong Hedge and Ditch, made at the Expence of his Grace the Duke of Grafton, on such Parts as are not the Outer Boundary of the Forest. If an Outer Boundary, it is inclosed mostly with Posts and Rails, at the Expence of the Crown, and that Hedge is continued Nine Years, in order that the Underwood and Saplings may grow out of the Reach of the Cattle and Deer, and then must, by Prescription, be thrown open to admit the Deer and Common Cattle for Twelve Years.

AH Timber Trees growing in this Forest are reserved to the Crown. There are very few Trees of any other Sort than Oak and Ash; the latter are of no considerable Value, because of the immemorial Custom practised of cutting off their Heads, and making them Dottrells or Pollards, in order that they may bear more Lop for browsing the Deer.

In the greatest Part of the Coppices in this Forest, the young Oaks stand tolerably thick, and as near to one another as they ought, to come to Perfection, and not injure the Underwood; but in some of the Copses there is little or no Succession of young Oaks, which may be attributed to this Cause. If it is a plentiful Year of Acorns when a Copse goes to Sale, then the Cattle and the poor People, collecting them together, tread them together into the Ground, and there is a Voi. 47.

plentiful Spring of young Oaks; but if, on the other Hand, it is not a Year for Acorns, then there are few or no Saplings, and by a Copse going to Sale Twice or Thriee in a scarce Year, the Succession of Oaks is entirely lost. There are a few Copses of this Description, as well as some where the young Oaks stand, in particular Spots, as thick as possible (too thick even to grow Twenty Years without injuring one another).

I am informed these particular Spots are Places where the Keepers have had Skirmishes with poor People, who make a Practice of collecting Acorns to sell, and have cut their Bags, by which many of the Acorns have been trod into the Ground.

To remedy the Evil of losing the Succession of Oaks, as before mentioned, would it not be advisable to plant the vacant Places with Acorns thick enough ? The best and most promising might be selected, and saved at proper Distances, and the worst taken out at different Intervals; and perhaps Thirty Trees of Navy Timber would be as many as should be left to come to Maturity on an Acre or more, depending on their Size, and the Number of young Trees in Succession.

In th’ose Copses where the Saplings of Oaks stand too thick to come to Maturity, and are of a proper Age, an earlier Stock might be procured by transplanting some of them to the vacant Places in the same Copse, or in any other Copse where the Succession was lost, than by planting Acorns.

There are many ancient Oaks, in every Copse, called Browse Trees, which are the only Oaks that are suffered to be lopped: These are very unequally divided, some Walks having many more, in Proportion to the Quantity of Ground, than others , Some of

these

13° Februariv,

-4. 1792;

Eighth of the Land Revenue,

Keeper, whose Perquisite such Lop is, after the Deer. thereupon, have browsed the Bark off from it. There are often . some Browse Trees taken down in Aid of the Keeper’s Salaries, but none have been set out in Room of them of late Years.

W* LOWNDES.

Duke Grafton to Mr Attorney Gen".

N* 4.

To the Queen’s Most Excellent Majestie.

The Humble Peticon of Charles Duke of Grafton;

Sheweth,

That King Charles the 2d, by his Letters Patents under the Great Seale of England, bearing Date the 12th Day of January, in the Thirty-second Year of his Reign (reciting Letters Patents'granted by King Charles the First to Sir Christopher Hatton, Knight of the Bath, whereby he was constituted and appointed Warden of the Forest of Whittlewood, in the Count’ys of Northton and Bucks, with all Fees, Profits, and Perquisites thereunto belonging, IN TRUST for and dureing the Life of James Earle of Northton) grants to Henry Earl of Arlington, for the Terme of his Life, the said Office of Warden of the Forrest of Whittlewood, from the Death of the said Earle of Northton, or Surrender of the said Letters Patents above recited.

The said King Charles the 2d, by the same Letters Patents, grants to Henry Duke of Grafton, Your Pet" Father, and the Heires Males of his Body issueing, the said Office of Warden of Whittlewood Forest, with all Fees, Profitts, Perquisites, and Emoluments, thereunto belonging, from the Death of the said James Earl of Northton, and Henry Earl of Arlington.

That all the Interests granted precedent to the Estate granted to the said Henry Duke of Grafton, are long since determined.

That dureing the Life of the late Queen Dowager the said Forrest, being granted to her Trustees in Trust for her said late Majestie, dureing her Life, Your Petitioner is Son and lleire Male of the Body of the said Henry Duke of Grafton, was hindred from the enjoying the Benefitt of the said Grant; and since her Majesties Death, some Question hath been made touching the Validity of the said Letters Patents, on Pretence of some Want of Forme in the same, and Your Petitioner is kept out of the said Office by some Persons who have not any Right in themselves, by any Grant from Your Majestie, or any of Your Royall Predecessors.

In regard therefore that by the said Grant Your Majestie’s Royall Uncle King Charles the Second's Intentions appear to be, that the Heire Male of the said Henry Duke of Grafton should enjoy the said Office of Warden of the said Forrest;

Your Petitioner humbly beseeches Your Majestie, by Your Majestie’s Letters Patents, to ratifie and make good the said Letters Patents to Your Petitioner, and the Heires Males of his Body, and thereby to supply the Defects therein, if any such be, that Your Petitioner may enjoy the said Office, according to his said late Majestie’s gracious Intentions, Your Petitioner being advised that it is in Your Majestie’s Power so to do, Offices being no Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown.

And your Petitioner (as in Duty bound) shall ever pray, &c.

Whitehall, Treary Chambers,

9"' Xber, 1710.

The Right Honw* the Lords Comm'* of Her Majestie’s Treasury are pleased to refer this Petition to Sir Edward

To the Right HonWe the Lords Com" of Her Matie’s Treasury.

’May it. please your Lordships,

In Obedience to Your Lordships Comands signi-fyed to me by Mr. Lowndes, I have considered of y* annexed Petition 6f Charles Duke of Grafton, whereby he represents to Her Majesty, that King Charles the 2d, by his Letters Patents bearing Date the 12th Day of Jan,r, in the 32d Year of his Reign, granted to Henry Earle of Arlington, for the Term of his Life, the Office of Warden of the Forest of Whittlewood, in the County of Northampton, from the Death oif James Earl of Northampton, for whose Life that Office was before granted; and by the same Letters Patents did grant the said Office to Henry Dukie of Grafton, the Petitioner’s Father, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to hold from the Death of the said Henry Earl of Arlington, and James Earl of Northton, both long, since dead. That the Petitioner is Son and Heir Male of the Body of the said Duke of Grafton, but could not enjoy the Benefit of the said Grant during the Life of the late Queen Dowager, the said Forest being granted to Trustees for her during her Life, and since her Death hath been kept out of the said Office by some Persons who have not any Right in themselves, by any Grant from her Majesty, or any her Royal Predecessors; and the Validity of the said Letters Patents have been questioned on Pretence of some Want of Form in the same. And the Petitioner thereby prays, that in regard the said King Charles the 2nd’s Intentions appear to be, that the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Henry Duke of Grafton should enjoy the said Office, that Her Majesty would be graciously pleased to ratify and make good the said Letters Patents to the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and thereby to supply the Defects therein, if any such there be, the Petitioner being advised that ’tis in Her Majesty’s Power so to doe, Offices being no Part of the Land Revenue of the Crownand I doe must humbly certify Your Lordships, that long before the 32d Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the Forest of Whittlewood, in the Countys of Northton and Bucks, was granted for a Term of Years, in Trust for the late Queen Dowager during her Life, and after in Trust for the Crown. That on the 12th of Janrr, in the 32d Year of King Charles the 2nd, the said late King, by Letters Patents, reciting therein a Grant made by King Charles the 1st to Sir Christopher Hatton, at the Nomination of James Earl of Northton, of the Offices mentioned in the Petition for the Life of the said Earl, in Trust for him, did grant the said Office to the said Henr. Earl of Arlington for his Life, when void by yc Death of the said Earl of Northton, and after both their Deceases to the said Henr. Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Males of his Body issuing; and therein is contained a Clause declaring the said Grant shall be good and effectual, notwithstanding any Statute, Act, Ordinance, Provision, Proclamation, or Restriction, or any other Matter, Thing, or Cause, whatsoever, to the contrary. That the said Earl of Northampton and Henry Duke of Grafton, dying in the Life of the Queen Dowager, in Trust for whom the Forest was granted during her Life, and She being enabled to nominate to the said Office for her Life, Her Matr did appoint the late Earl of Feversham to the same for his Life, and he

surviving

32 Geo. III. 13 ° Februarii. 161

surviving the said late Queen, under Colour thereof, tho’ his Grant determined by her Death, kept Possession of the same during his Life, and the respective Rights of the Petitioner and the Lord Feversham were by their severall Petitions humbly laid before her Majesty, but no Determination was thereon. That the Objection made to the said Grant of King Charles the 2nd to the late Duke of Grafton was, that the Term of Years of the Queen Dowager’s Trustees in the Forest was not recited, as it ought to have been, and for that Reason the Grant wa3 void, unless made good by the Gen" non obstante therein, which I doubt will not supply that Defect, although the Petitioner is advised by his Councell that it will. The Patent is very ill drawn, which was not the Fault of the late Duke of Grafton, but the Neglect of those who had the preparing and passing it; and the Intention of the late King is fully therein expressed to be, that that Office should be enjoyed by the said Duke, and the Heirs Males of his Body; and I am of Opinion it is in her Maty’’ Power to supply that Defect, by granting the Office as the Petitioner desires, the Restraint which her Majesty hath been pleased to submit to by the Act of the Civil List extending only to Grants of Lands, &c. for which Rents might be reserved, and not of Offices.

All which is most humbly submitted to Your Lordship’s great Wisdoms.

EDWD NORTHEY.

Febry 3"1, 1710-11.

Eighth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

N° 5. V.

To the R* Honw‘ Robert Earle of Oxford and Earle Mortimer, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

In Obedience to Your Lordship’s Comands signified by Mr. Lowndes, that Applicacon having been made to the Queen, by the Duke of Grafton, for confirming his Grant of the Office of Master Forester of the Forest of Whittlewood in the Counties of Northton. and Bucks, your Lordship was pleased to direct me to propose (in case such Confirmacon should be made) what Cautions or Clauses I think necessary to be incerted for preserving the Queen’s Timber.

I humbly represent to Your Lordship, that in order thereto, I have read over that Grant, and do not find any Allowances menconed therein, but all referred to former Grants; I have therefore (that I might be able to give Your Lordship a true State thereof) searched the Records at the Tower, and find, that at the last Justice in Eyre’s Seat, held by the Earle of Holland, in Anno 1636, the following Claimes were allowed to Spencer Earl of Northton. then Master Forrester; (viz.)

The Office of Master Forrester, and Master of the King’s Wild Beasts of the said Forrest, and all other Wild Beasts and Coneys within the same, during his Life, with a Fee of Five Pounds per Annum.

Power to name a Deputie, and to constitute all the Under Forresters and Page Keepers, and at his Pleasure to remove them, and constitute others, with the several Yearly Allowances following:

To the Under Forester of Norton Woods, and Sholebrooke Lawn, being a Double

Walk ----- -....

To the Page Keeper of D*.....-

To the Under Forrester of Shrob Office - -

To the Page Keeper of D* -

- To the Under Forrester of Hangor Office ——

To the Under Forrester of Hasleborough Office ——

To the Page Keeper of D° -

To the Under Forrester of the Double Walk, called Wakefield and Legullet Office

To the Page Keeper of D° -

To the Master Forrester’s Deputie - .

For his Expence in making Hay for tike Deer, &c. ——

The Masters Forrester’s ovvne Fee, before menconed ——

Tot.

Loads of Wood. Money.

£.s. d.

44 368

1 1 — 16 8

22 1 13 4

1 J — 16 8

22 1 13 4

22 1 13 4

11 — 16 8

44 368

11 — 16 8

33 —

-; 368 5

231 & £. 23 6 8

To the Master Forrester all Windfalls, dry and withered Trees called Dotards, and the Roots of Trees cutdowne, and One Acre of Underwood, cutt and sold in each Copice every Year.

To the Deputie Half an Acre in each Copice.

I am humbly of Opinion, that the onely Way to preserve the Queen's Timber in that Forest, -which is at present very considerable, and will increase, is to take off the Allowance of Wood, and in lieu thereof to pay them 10#. per Load, in Money, which will amount to 115/. io#. 0 pr Ann. and added to the Allowance of 231. 6 8 d. payable out of the Exchequer, makes in all 138/. lbj. 8 which may be raised Yearly by Sale of Trees already rendered unfitt for the Use of the Navy, by browseing and unlawful Methods used to make dead Trees, and the same may be paid to the respective Officers, in Vol. 47.

Proporcon to their severall Claims of Wood and Money.

That they may be allowed Windfall Wood, such as dead and rotten Boughs, blowne down by ordinary Winds, and the Rootes of Trees cutt downe.

It may be objected, that in hard Frosts and Snow the Deer will want the Browse for Sustenance, though in several Forests none is allowed; but in such Case the Keepers may be suffered to lopp some Trees that have been lopped before, and will' afford such Browse as the Deer will feed on, but those not without the Assignment of the Surveyor of the Woods or his Deputy, and some of the Regarders, if there be any, and that, together with Hay that may be made in the Grounds laid to each Lodge, as it’s reasonable to believe for that Purpose, by the Allowance of 3 /. 6. 8. pr Ann. for making Hay for tire Deer, &c. will be sufficient.

T t A Clause

13° !Eeh:nnar\i.

4. -yim.

Report A Clause for reserving to the Crown the Power of Board of displacing any officer of the said Forest that shall cut Revenue. (jQwne or i0pp atly Tree, or young Tiller left in the Copices for Standards, of suffering the same to be done by any other Person without Assignment of the’ Officers before mentioned and to constitute another in his roome, in case the Master Forester, upon Complaint and Proof made thereof, shall refuse to do it.

I have hereunto annexed the Attorney General’s Opinion on several irregular Proceedings in the said Forest, menconed in Mr. Ryder’s State thereof, for 5Topr Lordship’s Perusal.

All which is most humbly submitted to Ypur Lordship.

Edits Wilcox.

llth Febry 1711.

N* 6.

COM: NORTHTON et BUCKS.

ANNA Dei Gratia Magn® Britani® Franciae et Hibni® Rna Fidei Defensor etc* Omnibus ad quos Rentes L?® nrae pvenerint Satttp Cum Pcharissimus avunculus Noster Carolus Secundus nuper Rex Angt etc* per Lras suas Patentes sub magna Sigillo suo Angt confect geren Dat apud Westm. Tricesimo Die Junij Anno Regni sui Decimo septimo ad NoTaconein Pcharissim® Consortis su® Dn® Catherin® Angt etc* Regin® (inter alia in eisdem Lfis Paten Content) DE-DERIT ,et Consesserit pse Heredit>3 et Successoribj suis DenztU Dno Hollis Capitat Senescallo dee Consortis suae Phillippo (Comiti Chesterfield Dfio Camera? Hos-pitij dc® Consortis suae Witto Vicecomiti Brounker Cancella? et Custod Magni Sigilli dcae Consortis suae Henrico Vicecomiti Cornbury Secreta? dcae Consortis suae Jofii Hervey A? Thesaura? et Receptor Generat dcae Consortis suae Franco Slingesby ar Supvisor Generat dcae Consortis suae et Witto Montague Ar Attornat Generat dcae Consortis suae TOTAM illam Forestam de ^Vhi.ttlewood cum suis Juriscj Membris et ptinen universis quib3cunqi in Comitatib3 Northton et Bucks Parcell Honor de Grafton Habend Tenend et Gaudend Forestam pred (except put in eisdem Iris Patentib3 except) pfat Denzill Dno Hollis, Philippo Comiti Chesterfield, Witto Vicecomiti Brounker Henrico Vicecomiti Cornbury Jotii Ilervey, Francisco Slingesby et Wifto Mountague Executor^ Administratorib3 et Assignat suis a Festo Annunciacois Bfe Marie Virginis Anno Ilni sui Decimo sexto usq> ad finem et terminu et pterminoNonagintanovem Annorextunc px im sequen et plena? complend et finiend absq> Compo seu aliquo also p inde fjfat nup Regi Heredib3 vel Successor^ suis quoquomodo reddend seu solvend durante vita rrati dcae Dn® Catherin® Pcharissim® Consortis suae Sub Confidentia tamen Spiati quod ipsi pred Dnus Den-Kill Hollis Philippus Comes Chesterfield W’ittus Vice-comes Brounker, Henricus Vicecomes Cornbury, Jobes Hervey, Ffanciscus Slingesby et Wittus Mountague Executor Administrator et Assignat sui disponerent ftoiissa pred ad Solum et ppriij opus et usum dcae Dnae Ca-t^herina Rrecjhqrissim® Consortis sute duran vita sua nrali et post ejus Decessum tunc ad solum opus et usum fifat nup Regis Haeiedum et Supcessor suof put per easdem jia§ Ratentes (relacone in de hita) plenius liquet et apparet Qui quidem Terminus pbon Assuranc in Lege mojo vestit exi?tit in Rico Rilling Mit IN FIDUCIA p nobis Ueredfb3 et Successor^ nris Gumq^ in et per at Lras Patentes del. nuper Regis sub Magno Sigillo suo i\ngt, CPPtectas gerefi dat apud Westm Duodecimo die Jayuarij Anpo Rni sui tricesimo secundo menconatur quod prgd nup Rex p se Heredib3 e.t Successor^ suis Dederit, et Concesserit pdjlecto et pquein fideli Con-sangjuineo suo Henrico Dyci de Grafton modo defunct Offic Magri Forestav Parpor et Magri Deduct fera?

Forest®, suae <^e Whittlewopd in Cqmjtat suis de-North-ton. qt Rucks et oium et ^ngyt Fei;ar ,et Cyjryculo? in pa^em Tores t^e de Whittle^qqd HABEND tenqyd

!' ;audend, et exerceudQ^ic /jqodlibet.et.cseteira

iyiissa yna cqyi oibys. et sfiigut j)^c-Comodita,t Jur ibtat Privileg Pbeminenc et ErnoUiyien qyibuscuqc

Offic pred sen por alicuiqyoquomodo spectan sive ptinen vel cum.eor aliqju nsitatpfat.Henrico.Dyci de.Grafton et Herpdibj masculis de Corpore suo exeun tam pse qqam.p sumcientem Deputatu suum ^ivje Deputat syos SuiB^pientes. imeefiate et quamcito Offic pred p mortem Jacobi Copnitis Northton et Hepripi.Comitis Arlington pipdo defynct.et eor alterius aut also qyopunq^ modo va-cari, contigerent put p easdem Lras Paten (inter asia in eisdem Content) retacone in de hita p)enius;ljquet et apparet Cumq^ prdilcus et pquem sincere fidet Con-sanguineus noster Carolus Dux de Grafton Sit filius et Heres de CJorpore ^fat Henrici Ducis de GraftpaCumqj diverss Duhitacones sive Questiones orientur vel ortse fuerint Valid!totem dear Lrur Patentiu ult menconat tongefi ac fifat [Carolus Dujc de Grafton p se et Here-dib3 masculis de Corpore suo exeun in obseqyio, nobis Mandatisq^ nris in ea pte quendaip finem Sur CQpusans de droit come ceo &c. unacum Prqclamacpn in de habit et fact vel heod seu field spdm formam Stotut ,in ea parte edit et pviss de Offic et premiss in ysdem LrTs Paten ult menconat menconat fore concess coram prdi-lect et fidei Consiliar nro Thoma Dno Trevor Barone de Bromham Capitat Justic nro Cur nrae de Coi Banco et Socijs suis in usum nri Heredum et Successor nror nup Levaverit et Cognoverit et p Indenturam geren dat Primo die Julij Anno Rni nri undecimo fact inter nos ex una parte et prefat Carolum Ducem de Grafton ex altera parte et in dca Cur nra de Comuni Banco debo modo Irrotulat Concesserit et Sursum Reddiderit nobis Heredib3 et Successor^ nris Offic et ^miss pred quos quidem finem at Sursum reddiconem nos acceptavimus Et p prsentes acceptamus nos tamen Gratiose Volentes quod fifat Carolus Dux de Grafton Offic et fimissa in diet Iris Paten ult menconat heret et gauderet sibi et heredib3 masculis de Corpore suo exeun sedm veram intenconem deci nup Regis SCIATIS modo quod Nos p diversis bonis Causis et Consideraconib3 nos ad psens Spialiter moyen de Gratia nra Spiali ac ex cefta scientia et mero motu nris DEDIMUS et Concessiiyus ac p prsentes pro nobis Heredib3 et Successor^ nris DAMUS et Concedimus ^fat Carofo Duci de Grafton Officium Magri Forestar iorestae nr® de Whittlewood pred et parco? nror in Foresta pred et Magri deduct ferar Forest® nr® de Whittlewood pred ac oium et Sin-gut Ferar et Cuniculor in eadem Foresta de Whittlewood ac ipsum Carolum Ducem de Grafton Magrum Forestariu Forest® et Parcor nror pred et Magrum Deduct ferar Forest® nr® de Whittlewood pred ac oium et singut ferar de Cuniculor in eadem foresta de Whittlewood p nobis Heredib3 et Successor^ nris FAC1MUS Creamus Stabilimus Ordinamus et Confirmamus p pre-sentes HABEND tenend exercend et gaudend Offic pred et eor quodlibet et cetera fimissa unacu oibus et singut pfTc vad feod Regard Allocacon Comoditat Jur libtat Privileg Pbeminenc et Emolumen quibuscunt^ pred Offic seu eor alicui quoquomodo spectan sive per-tinen vel cum eor alicqu usitat (Except put inferius in his Iris nris Paten excipitur) Pfat Carolo Duci de Grafton et Heredib3 masculis de Corpore suo exeun tam p se quam p sufficien Deputatum suu sive Deputatos suos sufficientes adeo plene libe et integre ac in tam amplis modo et forma put aliquis alius sive aliqui alij Offic pred seu eor aliquod antehac hens seu exercenshentes seu ex-ercentes unqm huit pcepit seu gavisus suit hue? peeper seu gavisi sue? aut libre pcipere seu gauderc debuit aut debue? (Except put inferius excipitur) ET ULTE-RIUS de uberiori Gratia nra Spiali acex certa scientia et mero motu nris DEDIMUS et Concessimus ac p p?sentes p nobis Heredib3et Successor^ n?is DAML S ‘ et

32 Geo. III. 13° Febmarii. 163

et concedimus Pfat Carolo Duci de Grafton et He- quam quidem Vendiconetn faciend diet Supervisorem Eighth Report redi&3 masculis de Cor pore buo excun Licentiam et nrum vel Successor nror pro tempore existen p Nobis R^enuef plenam potestatem et authoritatem de tempore in tem- Heredity et Successor^ nris per prsentes Authoriza- v Jvgnue; pus Assignandi Nominandi et Constituendi ad libitu suu mus et appunctuamus) sufficientes fuerint solvere priores onm et siugut Subforestar Subcustod Garcion Custodes Allocacones in Numo et c®teras Annuat AUocacones p aut at subministros quoscunq, infra Forestam de Whittle- psentes fact Solubil p et in loco seperat et respectivar wood pred ac infra quamlibet in de parcel! ac humoi so- Allocacon Bosci ante hac bit exact et pcept ut pfertur restar subCustod Garcion Custodes et at Subministros ad ac quod ipse pred Supvisor Boscor nror Heredum et beneplitum eof sen eor alicujus respectiv de tempore in Successor nror citra Trentam p tempore existen de Actis tempus expellendietamoveudiet alios de novo Assignan- et factis inde reddat Computum in modo consuet ET di Nominandi et Constituendi toties quotieseidem Carolo ULTERIUS Volumus ac prsentes Rescrvamus Nobis Duci de Grafton et Heredit>3 masculis suis pred expe- Heredibj et Successor^ nris plenam potestatem et diens videbitur CUMQ nobis representat fuerit quod authoritatem in casu ubi aliqui vastum Sive Destrucco Clamea qu® antehac fuer Annuatim Allocat Pred Ma- comissa vel fact fuerit p pred Subforesta? Subcustod yet g?o foresta? caterisq, officiarijs ejusdem forest® fuer put Garcion aut aliqui at Subministros quoscunq, exscin-sequuntur (viz') Magfo forestar p pprio feodo Centum dendo amputando vel pdendo aliquas Arborem vel Solid in Numo annuatim Subforesta? de Norton Woods Arbores sive teneram Arborem qua? sunt vel erunt relict® et Sholebrooke Lawne existen Duplici pambulacbne in aliquibj Copie nris Heredu vel Successor nror infra quadraginta et quatuor Carectat Bosci et tres Libras Forestam pred p Arboribx inciduis Anglice Standards Sex Solid et Octo Denar in Numo Annuatim Garcion vel Scienter pmittendo tat vastum sive DestruccSnem pred Boscor undecim Carectat Bosci et Sex-decim Solid comitti vel fieri p aliquam vel aliquas at Personam vel et octo denar in numo annuatim Subforestar pambula- Personasquascunq, amovendi et expellendi tat Officiariu conis vocat Shrob Office Viginti et duas Carectat Bosci sive Officiarios sic Oftenden Prout nobis Heredib3 vel et triginta et tres Solid et quatuor denar in nuino Successor^ nris in ea Parte expediens visum fuerit annuatim Garcion ejusdem pSmbulaconis undecim Ca- Pred Offenss primo examinat et tal^)fficiarius sive Of-rectat Bosci et Sexdecim Solid et octo denar in numo ficiarij comittens sive jjmittens Comittentes sive Per-annuatirn Subforesta? pambulaconis vocat Hangor Office mittentes eundem Comitti adjudicat et declarat fore in viginti et duas Carectat Bosci et triginta tres Solid et de Culpabilem vel culpabiles p Sunni Thesaurar Mag-quatuor denar in numo Annuatim Subforesta? de Hasle- nae Britani® vel aliquos tres vel Plures Comissionarior brough Office Viginti et duas Carectat Bosci et triginta pro Thesauro nro Heredu vel Successo? n?or p tempore et tres Solid et quatuor denar in numo Annuatim Gar- existen QUA RE etiam Volumus Ac Per psentes p no-cion de Heslebrough Office undecim Carectat Bosci et his heredibj et Successor nris Declaramus quod ftae lfns Sexdecim Solid et octo denar in numo annuatim Sub- nr® Paten aut aliquod in eisdem content non exponen-foresta? Duplicis Pambulaconis vocat Wakefield et Le- tu? accipientur sive adjudicentu? ad Concedend Mag?o gullet Office quadraginta et quatuor Carectat Bosci et Forest® n?® heredu vel Successo? nror Pred p tempore Sexaginta et Sex Solid et octo denar in numo annuatim exisen (sub Ptextu aliqu Bose vocat Windfalls) ali-Garcion earundem PSmbulaconu undecim Carectat Bos- quas Arbores (Anglice Timber Trees) aut at Arbores ci et Sexdecim Solid et octo denar in numo annuatim p tempestates aut violentos ventos pstratas sed tantum Deputato Magri forestar triginta et tres Carectat Bosci tat Arbores non existen Arbores (Anglice Timber annuatim ac p expensis suis in fenum versando p feris Trees) quat mortu® sunt ac mortuos et Consumptos sexaginta et Sex Solid et octo denar in numo Annuatim ramos p Comunes ventos p stratos ET ULTERIUS SCIATIS modo quod nos tam p Augmentation et pre- Volumus ac p psentes p nobis Heredity et Succcssoriby servacofi Macremij nri in foresta Pred quam p at bon nris Phibimus Subforesta? ac ceteris Officiar et Submi-CausisnosadhocSpialitermovenVelimusetDeclarenias nistris quibuscunc^ pred amputando aliquas Arbores p quod Pred Clamea sive Allocacon Bosci aut aliqu eor Subbosc (Anglice Browse) Prater tat Arbores qual antehac babit recept et preept in oibus futuris tempo- antehac fuer amputat Nisi per Assignaconem Supvisoris rib3 imposterum absolute abolit® exonerate et vacu® Boscor nror pred ac A pprobacon Magri foresta? forest® fuerint Ita quod null tat Allocaco habit recept vel Pred p tempore existen at Arbores qiii qu® antea ampu-pcept fuerit p pred Officiar aut aliquem eor super ali- tat fuerunt notat fuerint p Subbosc (Anglice Browse quern {Jtextum quemeunq ATTAMEN Volumus ac Wood) aliqu in Psentibus content in contrariu in de in p presentes p nobis Heredity et Successor^ nostris aliquo non obstante ET ULTERIUS de ampliori DAMUS et Concedimus eisdem Officiarijs et eor cuT- Gratia n?a ac ex certa Scientia et tnero motu n?is DE-libet p et in loco pred sepat et respectivar Allocacon DIMUS et Concessimus ac p psentes p nobis Here-suor Bosci quandam AllocacSnem numiScdm ratam de- dish et Successor^ nris DAMUS ET CONCEDI-cem Solid p qualibet Carectat inde ut fifertur quodq^ MUS Pfat Carolo Duci de Grafton tot tant tat huinoi tam pred Allocaco in Numo ad ratam pred quam seperat etConsimit vad Feod et Denar Sum Regard pfic Alloca-et respectiv Annuat Vad et Allocacon in nuino super con Subbosc et plenam et debit Allocacon p feno et Pisis Particulariter specificat fiit et pcept fuerint per pdcos infra Forestam pred ac omn at Commoditat pfic et seperales et respectivos Officiarios in oibus futuris tem- Emolumen quecunq, quot quant quat et qu® ac adeo porib3 imposteru p et ex pecunijs pvenien p vendiconem plene libere et ihtegre ac in tam amplis modo et forma Siccar etComsumpt Arbor Anglice Dotard and Decayed put aliquis alius Pred Offic per Psentes pconcess aut Trees aut aliquar at Arborum infra forestam pred eor aliquod sive aliqu® antehac hens exercens sive gau-inaptar ad Servitium Classis nostr® Regi® QUARE dens nuper huit vel pcepit racone Offic pred p Psentes VOLUMUS Ac p psentes p nobis Heredib3 et Sue- Pconc^ss sive eoi alicujus (Except ^except) HA-cessorib3 nfis Mandamus Dirigimus et Appunctuamus BEND pcipiend et gaudend pred Feod Denar Sum Supvisor Bosc5? nro? Heredum et Successor nro? citra Regrftrd pfic Allocacon Subbosc Allocacon p feno et Trentham p tempore existen quod ipse in psentia et Pisis et aT Coinoditat pfic et Emolumen quecunq, (Ex-cum auxilio Magri forest® pred p tempore existen aut cept ^except) Pfat Carolo Duci de Grafton et Heredity Deputut ejusetaliquo? duo? sive Pluriu Subforesta? ibm masculis de Corpore suo exeun ET ULTERIUS Vo-Aonuatim et qudibet Anno notet Succidat et Exscindat lumus ac per prsentes pro nobis heredib3 et Successor^ vel Notari Succidi et exscindi causabit tot siccas et Con- nris ^cipimus et mandamus pfat Rico Billing Execu-sumptas Arbores vel at Arbores infra forestam pred in torib3 Administrator^ et Assignat ss quod ipse vel ipsi aptas ad Servituum Classis nr® Regi® quot p vendico- ad instanc expenss et custag pfat Caroli Ducis de Graf-nem earuudem unacum tfrondacon amputacon etreliquis ton et heredum masculor de Corpore suo exeun duran iade Anglice the Lopps Topps and Offall Wood (ad Termino pred ea oia faciat et exequatur vel faciant et Vot. 47. exequantur

164 13° Februarii. A. 1792.

Report exequantur que necessar forent ad redd end tias Iras nras Re°venuef ^ate^ Pie^ Carolo Duci de Grafton et heredity mascu-v. ^venue> lis de Corpore suo exeun effectuales DENICp Volumus ac per flsentes p nobis Heredity et Successor^ nris Concedimus pfat Carolo Duci de Grafton et Heredifoj masculis de Corpore suo exeun quod fise tr£e nrae Pa-tentes vel Irrotulament earundem erunt in omnib3 et per omnia boil firm valid sufficien et effectual in Lege absq^ aliquib3 at Confirmaconib3 Licenc et Toleracon de nobis Heredity vel Successor^ nris in ea parte imposte-rum peurand vel obtinend non obstan male recitand vel non recitand pred Lras Patentes p recitat vel Dat earundem vel aliqu at Lras Patentes de Foresta de Parcis pred vel de Offic et pmiss pred seu eor aliqu antehac Concess et non obstan non plene vel recte recitand pred finem de Offic de f>missis pred in usum nri Heredum et Successor nror p pfat Carolum Ducem de Grafton pro se et Heredib3 masculis suis pred levat ut.pffiertur vel Sur-sum reddicon pred Et non obstan male nominand vel non nominand Offic pred seu eor aliquod et cetera pmissa su-pius in psentib3 menebnat aut aliquam in de partem aut aliqu at omissione impfeccon defecture causa vel materia quacunq^ in contrariii inde in aliquo non obstante IN CUJUS Rci Testimoniu has Lras nras fieri fecimus Patentes TESTE me ipsa apud Westm Decimo nono die Julij Anno Rnl nri Undecimo.

P breve de Privato Sigillo. COCKS.

Irrotulat xvj'° die Martij 1713.

N° 7.

The Answer of his Grace the Duke of

to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

1 hold the Office of M ai den or Ranger of the Forest of // 'hitllciicod (viz'.) the Superintendency of the Whole, with the Powers and Duties common to all Rangers of Forests, together with that of Master of the Game in the same, by Grant under the Great Seal of Charles 1IJ, after the Life of Catharine Queen Dowager. The Office is Hereditary, hut determinable on Failure of llcirs Male from myself, and of Lord Southampton, when the same would revert to the Crown. As Chief Ranger, or Master of the Game, I am entitled to 20/. i6j. 8 from the Exchequer; besides which I was entitled to a certain Number of Loads of Timber by virtue of the aforesaid Grant, which specifics the Quantities to each Head Keeper and Page Keeper; in lieu of which the 't reasury, on my Grandfather’s Representation, altered it to a fixed Sum to each Person above Go Years ago. He always gave his Share, as I have constantly done mine, among the Keepers; therefore I will not speak t5 the precise Sum, but 1 believe it to be about 401, per Ann. and paid by the Deputy Surveyor of the Woods. I receive no Fees or Emoluments whatever, but such as arise from the pleasurable Consideration of the Place, &c. on which I cannot set the Value for another, but feel how estimable these are to me. I kill for my own Table what Deer I want, and give the rest that is killed among my Neighbours. The Messuage, &c. which I live in as Ranger, reverts to the CrownWhen the Office does; till then it belongs not to the Crown, but is my Property, and that of my Heirs Male. My Grandfather and myself have laid out

full 10,000l. upon it. ----- --- The Land I hold as

Ranger is 52 Acres of Meadow, Tythe free - - - - 104

About 300 Acres in a Fine Lawn, but where the Deer are also admitted - - 200

Value per Ann. - £. 304

Resides a large Lake, near 40 Acres, made at my Grandfather’s Expence. — There are Five Walks, each

of which have a Head Keeper. There are Eight Under or Page Keepers besides, to all which my Grant gives me the Appointment. They are paid by the Deputy Surveyor of the Woods, as above; and you will have received from them the Amount of their Salaries. They have each a Habitation suitable for a Keeper, and no better; with a pretty Meadow. They are removeable at my Pleasure. I receive no Rents or other Sums of Money for the Use of the Crown. Prosecutions of Deer Stealers, Poachers, and Mood Stealers, &c. have been carried on at the Expence of my Grandfather and myself, without troubling the Treasury with them, though we have never considered that Charge to be incumbent on us to defray. There are Brow se Trees, so called, or Pollards, having been set out as such many Years before my Time, under a Treasury Warrant. These in their Turns are lopped for the Deers browsing, and in the Summer are faggotted up for the Keepers Fire, for which it seldom is sufficient. My Share of this is no larger than that of the Under Keeper. — None is allowed to be sold. No Timber Tree is touched or used for any Repairs, unless by Order of the Treasury. The Keepers can best answer the Question concerning the Number of Deer kept, and the Number killed, and I conclude have done so. What Hay is given to the Deer is made, &c. at my sole Expence, except One Stack, put upon his Lawn by the Lieutenant of the Forest, Joseph Sim/th, Esquire, w hose Name

and Office I omitted before. The Tenure of his depends on my Pleasure, as well as the Offices of the other Keepers. 1 lis Meadows and Lawn are very valuable. I know of no Intrusions or Encroachments on the Rights of the Crown within the Forest, or at least so inconsiderable as hardly to be mentioned as such. Three or Four poor Cottagers may have very lately got, among them all, Half an Acre for Potatoes, adjoining to their Dwellings. Even those are told perpetually that they may expect to have them taken from them. All the M'ood in Whittlewood Forest (Timber Trees only excepted) is my Property, by virtue of another Grant of Charles IP. I hope and believe that no Timber on any private Estate was ever more carefully attended to than that in this Forest, from the Time our Family have held it, but it has suffered greatly by being left to grow too close and thick, and in many Places weakened thereby. The Soil is peculiarly kind to the Growth of M’ood. The Right of Common is without Stint, being bond side the Property of the Inhabitants of the many In and Out Parishes who have that Right, of which the Keepers will have sent you the Names. Horse and Cow Stock only are admitted; no Swine are allowed at all; and the Cattle are considered by us Foresters as belonging to the Common from Jllay 1st to All Saints l)ay (O. S.) The Forest is not cleared of Cattle during the Fence Month. During the Winter Ilaining the Ground is too wet and bare to keep Cattle, even if they could prove a Right. No Payments are made by Persons having Right of Common. The Forest Cattle are usually drove fas the Expression is) Once a Year, by One of the Verderors and Keepers; and if any unlawful Cattle are found, these are pounded, and a few Pence paid on letting them out, which never can pay the Charges of Driving. The rest of the Cattle are branded. I know of nothing that can be done to improve Four of the W’alks in the Forest; for the fine State of the Wood and Timber in those Four M'alks would surprize any one who is a Judge of the Effects to be expected from the Right that the Deer and Cattle have to go into the Coppices at Nine Years Grow th, feeding in and upon them for Twelve Years, till the Age of Twenty-one Years, at which, by long Custom, they are to be cut, and not sooner.

Hasteborough, the Fifth Walk, (as I have been told by old People) was little inferior to any, till the Timber

was,

165

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii.

was, illegally in my Opinion, taken down by the Crown, in the standing Coppices of this Walk, towards the Building of Blenheim. The dying Interest of the Queen Dowager did not move her to stir in the Business; and the Perquisites of certain Officers were too tempting to expect them to start Objections in Defence of the Interest of others. The sad Consequence is, that both Timber and Underwood are miserable in that Walk; even one or Two Coppices left without the Means of inclosing the m. I have endeavoured to redeem One, a large one, which had not been inclosed for Eighty-four Years; I flatter myself that the Expence I have been at in mounding it, &c. will answer to me, if so it must of course to the Crown, to whom the Timber will belong, and without Cost.

I should have mentioned, that on One of the Five Walks, called Shrob Walk, there is no Right of Common at all.

On the Whole, I am of Opinion that, except Hasle-borough Walk, the whole Forest is in an excellent State for the Growth of Underwood, and of Timber; and I have greatly my Doubts whether, if sold Tomorrow, the greatest Part would not be kept in Wood, as likely to pay in that State best. Fuel and Hedging Stuff, &c. are so scarce, and so much demanded, and of course so dear in those Parts, that the Country for Twenty Miles around would feel the Distress, if such a large Tract was to be converted to Pasture or Arable; not to mention the Want which the vast Number of Hands would find, and which this populous Neighbourhood sends now into the Forest to Wood-work all Winter, in a Country which by the Nature of it has not the Advantages to employ its Labourers at that Season, which many others have, and where the Poor’s Rates come up to, if they do not exceed, those of any other Place unconnected with Manufactures, &c. These Circumstances I am persuaded will never escape your Consideration, nor that of the Legislature.

I ought perhaps to have added to my Answer to your Third Question (respecting the Tenure on which my Office is held) that I have Seven Sons, Three of them grown up, One married. My Brother has as many, at least, Two of whom are married. The Male. Descendants of every of these having their Rights prior to the Expectancy of the Crown, I will leave it to you to calculate the present Value of such a Reversion, for lam unable.

Grafton,

Ranger of the Forest of January 30th 1790.

N° 8.

Board of Green Cloth, 11th May 1790.

Gentlemen,

In Answer to your Letter of the 6th Instant, I send you the Particulars of the Venison ordered to be served to the Household, by Warrants of 1st Queen Anne. 1st Geo. I. 1st Geo. II. and 1st Geo. III. Ido

not find any Entry of any prior to that of the 1st James II. which was sent in a Letter from this Board, the 5th of February last.

I am,

Gentlemea,

Your most humble Servant, To John Call, and J.

John Fordyce, Esq".

Extract from the List transmitted with the foregoing Letter.

Whittlexvood Forest.

1st Queen Anne 1st Geo. I.

1st Geo. II. -1st Geo. III.

Brace.

A State of the Number of Bucks and Does returned as fit to be killed in His Majesty’s Forest of Whittlewood, in the Years under mentioned.

Bucks. Does.

In the Year 1776 . 12 12

1777 - - io TO

1778 - - 10 10

' 1779 - 12 10

1780 - 10 10

1781 - - 12 12

1782 - - 12 12

1783 - - 12 12

1784 - - 12 12

1785 - - 12 10

1786 - - 10 10

1787 - - 10 IO

1788 *0 - 12 10

1789 W* 10 10

May 14th 1790.

Peter Nicol,

Clerk of the Venison Warrants.

N* 9.

Warrant for Payment of Salaries to the Master Forester, and other Officers of Whittlewood Forest, Com. Northtcm.

After my hearty Commendations: Whereas her Majesty, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the 19th Day of July 1712, in the Eleventh Year of her Reign, hath given, granted, and confirmed unto his Grace Charles Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of his Body issuing, the Office of Master Forester of her Majesty’s Forests and Parks of Whittleuood, in the County of Northton, and Master Conductor of the Wild Beasts of the said Forest, with several Powers, Authorities, Liberties, Privileges, and Advantages therein particularly mentioned, and all and singular Wages, Fees, Rewards, Allowances, Commodities, Rights, and Emoluments whatsoever, to the said Offices, or any of them, belonging or appertaining (except as in the said Letters Patents are excepted): And whereas in the said Letters Patents it is specially recited, that the Claims heretofore Annually allowed to the Master Forester, and the rest of the Officers of the said Forest, were as followeth; vis.

Eighth Report of the Board of I and Revenue,

VOL. 47.

U U To

13° Febru

Eighth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

Shillings

m

Money

To the Master Forester for his own Fee, One hundred Yearly ——

To the Under Forester of Norton Woods and Laron, being a double Walk,

Forty-four Load of Wood, and Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence in Money Yearly ——

To the Page Keeper of the said Woods, Eleven Load of Wood, and Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence in Money Yearly ——

To the Under Forester of the Walk called Shrob Office, Twenty-two Load of Wood, and Thirty-three Shillings and Four Pence id Money Yearly -To the Page Keeper of the same Walk, Eleven Load of Wood, and Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence in Money Yearly ——

To the Under Forester of the Walk called Hanger Office, Twenty-two Load of Wood, and Thirty-three Shillings and Four Pence in Money Yearly -

To the Under Forester of Hazleborough Office, Twenty-tw o Load of Wood, and Thirty-three Shillings and Four Pence in Money Yearly -

To the Page Keeper of Hazleborough Office, Eleven Load of Wood, and Sixteen

Shillings and Eight Pence in Money Yearly.

To the Under Forester of the double Walk called Wakefield and Lcgullct Office, Forty-four Load of Wood, and Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence in Money Yearly ——

To the Page Keeper of the double Walk called Wakefield and Office,

Eleven Load of Wood, and Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence in Money Yearly -To the Deputy Master Forester Thirty-three Load of Wood, and for his Expences in making Hay for the Deer Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence in Money Yearly ——

A. 1792.

Allowances.

And whereas her Majesty by the same Letters Patents (for the Causes and Considerations therein mentioned) hath declared that in all Times coming for the firture the said Claims or Allowances of Wood shall be absolutely abolished, discharged, and made void; but that nevertheless the said respective Officers and Ministers, heretofore having and receiving the said Allowances of Wood, shall have and receive in lieu thereof, for the future, an Allowance in Money, after the Rate of Ten Shillings for every Load of Wood, so that there now becomes payable to the said several and respective Officers and Ministers, on their former Allowances in Money, the Yearly Sum of Twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, and for and in lieu of their former Allowances in Wood, which amounted to Two hundred Thirty-one Load, the Yearly Sum of One hundred and Fifteen Pounds Ten Shillings, computing the same at the Rate of Ten Shillings a Load as aforesaid: These are therefore, by virtue of the said Letters Patents, to direct, authorize, and require you, in the Presence and with the Assistance of the Master Forester, or his Deputy for the Time being, and any Two or more of the Under Foresters there, Yearly and every Year, to mark, fell, and cut down, or cause to be marked, felled, and cut down, at the most fitting and proper Season for dqing thereof, so many dotard and decayed Trees, or other Trees, within the said Forest, not fit for the Service of her Majesty’s Navy, as by the Sale thereof, and of the Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood of the same (which Sale you are hereby authorized and appointed to make) shall be sufficient to raise the said several and respective Yearly Sums of Twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, and One hundred and Fifteen Pounds Ten Shillings, and thereupon to pay unto the said respective Officers and Ministers for the Time being, Yearly and every Year, their several and respective Parts and Shares thereof in Manner aforesaid, and take Receipts, specifying therein that the Money so paid is not only in full of all former Allowances in Money for the respective Years so to be paid,

In Money. In Wood.

£. s. d. 5

368 44 Load

— 16 8 n Load

1 13 4 22 Load

1 M O 00 11 Load

1 13 4 22 Load

1 13 4 22 Load

— 16 8 11 Load

368 44 Load

— 16 8 11 Load

368 33 Load

Claims and Demands of

Wood as aforesaid; and you are to render an Account from Time to Time of your Actings and Doings herein in Manner accustomed; and this shall be as wefi to* you as to all others concerned a sufficient Warrant; provided an Entry of the said Letters Patents be first made before you, and in the Office of the Auditor of her Majesty’s Revenue for the County of Norihton, to the End due Cognizance may be had thereof, several Reservations, Clauses, Matters, and Things, being contained therein for the Preservation of her Majesty’s Timber in the said Forest from Waste and Destruction.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 8th August 1713.

Oxford.

To my very loving Friend Eduard Wilcox, Esq', Surveyor General of her Majesty’s Woods, Trent South.

Irrotulat'. xvj'°. die Martij 1713.

We do hereby ratify, confirm, and approve, the aforegoing Warrant, and direct the same to be executed and complied with by Thomas Hczcet, Esqr, the present Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Woods, and all other Persons concerned therein. For which this shall be a sufficient Warrant.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 12th April 1715.

Half ax.

Intr xiiij. Aprilis 171

Will. <S* Quintin. Rid. Onslow.

>5-

We do ratify, confirm, and approve the Warrant of which the aforegoing is a true Copy; and do hereby direct the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Woods to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as are grown or shall grow due unto the several and respective

Officers

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii

167

officers and Ministers therein named, from the Time of their being last paid thereupon. For which, and for the Allowance of such Payments upon Account, this shall be a sufficient Warrant.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

17th July 1717.

Intrat' 2d* die Geo.

Septembris 1717. Tho.

N* 10.

George R.

Whereas We are given to understand, by a Report of Charles Wither, Esq. Surveyor General of Our Woods, bearing Date the 22d of June last, which you have laid before Us for Our Pleasure to be signified therein, that the Great Lodge, Outhouses, and Buildings thereunto belonging, at Wakefield, in Our Forest of Whittlcwood; in the County of Northampton, which are held and enjoyed by Our right trusty and right entirely beloved Cousin and Councellor, Cha' Duke of Grafton, as Ranger in Fee of the said Forest, are at present in so ruinated a Condition that the estimated Charge of putting the same into substantial Repair does amount to the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds, which the said Charles Duke of Grafton proposes to perform and defray at his own Cost and Expence, in case One hundred and Fifty Loads of rough Timber growing within the said Forest be assigned him towards the same, to which We, being graciously pleased to condescend and agree, Our Will and Pleasure is, and We do hereby authorize, direct.

and require you to give Warrant unto the said Sur- Eighth Ibport veyor General, in the Presence and with the Assistance iievenuc*^ of such Officers of our said Forest as should or ought \ \

to be present in Cases of this Nature, to mark, fell, and cut down, or cause to be marked, felled, and cut down, in such Part and Places of the said Forest where the same may most conveniently be spared, so many Trees, not fit for the Service of Our Navy, as may be sufficient to produce the said One hundred and Fifty Loads of rough Timber, and to deliver the said One hundred and Fifty Loads of rough Timber, when felled, to the said Charles Duke of Grafton, or his Order, to be employed in and about the said Buildings and Repairs; and you are to direct and require Our said Surveyor to take Care that the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood of the Trees to be felled, be sold, and disposed to the best Advantage for Our Service, and the Monies arising thereby be brought to his Account of Woodsales, within such Space of Time as you shall think fit to direct and appoint And whereas W e are further given to understand, by the said Report, that the Under Foresters, Under Keepers, or Page Keepers, and other Under Officers within the said Forest, have, instead of Allowances of Wood heretofore claimed and taken by them, to the great Waste and Destruction of the Timber and Trees within the said Forest, Allow ances in Money made to them Yearly by Our said Surveyor out of Woodsales; and that it will be for the Service of the Crown, and the Encouragement of the Keepers to be vigilant and active in their Duty and Attendance, in case the Suihe of Ninety-eight Pounds by the Year, over and above the present Allowances, be allowed and made payable to them in Manner following; that is to say,

To Wakefield Walk Under Forester, Four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per

Ann. ....

To the First Page Keeper there, Twelve Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Ann.

To the Second Page Keeper there, Six Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Ann.

To SholebrookWalk Under Forester, Four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per

Ann..... , " . _ 1 .

To. the First Page Keeper there, Twelve Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Ann. - .

To the Second Page Keeper there, Six Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Annum To Hasleborough IValk Under Forester, Twelve Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence

per Ann. ....

To the Page Keeper there, Six Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Ann.

To Hanger Walk Under Forester, Twelve Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Ann. ——

To Shrob Wilk Under Forester, Twelve Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per

Ann. -....

To 1st Page Keeper to both the last menconed Under Foresters Walks, Six bounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Annum ——

£. s. d.

4 13 4

12 13 4

6 6 8

4 13 4

12 13 4

6 (i 8

12 13 4

(i 6' 8

12 13 4

12 13 4

6 6 8

9$ —

To which We being graciously pleased to condescend and agree, Our further Will and Pleasure is, and We do hereby direct, authorize, and require you to give Warrant to Our said Surveyor General, out of such Monies as shall from Time to Time be and remain in his Hands, arisen or to arise by Woodsales, to pay the said several and respective Allowances to the said several and respective Under Foresters and Page Keej>ers in Manner aforesaid, from the Nineteenth Day of July last, 1727, Quarterly, or otherwise, from Time to Time, as other the Salaries payable to the Under Foresters, Page Keepers, or other Officers in the said Forest, are or shall from Time to Time be paid, and for so doing this 'shall be your Warrant, Given at Our Court at Vo L. 47.

Kensington, the Fourteenth 1727, in the First

Year of Our Reign.

By His MatTe’s Command.

To the Comm" R. Walpole.

of Our Treasury. Geo. Oxen den.

Wm Clayton.

NORTHTON.

After our hearty Commendacbns: These are to authorize and direct you to take Care that His Majesty’s Pleasure, signified to us by the aforegoing Warrant, as well in Relacon to the Timber to be felled and

delivered

A. 1792.

13° Februarii.

Eighth Report delivered, and the accounting for the Bark, Lops, Tops, of the Board of and offal Wood thereof, as in Relacon to the Payment Land Revenue suj7j;e of Ninety-eight Pounds Annum, out of

Monies arising by Wood Sales to the Officers therein menconed, from the Nineteenth of July, 1727, by Quarterly Payments, be executed in all Particulars whatsoever, according to the full Tenor and true Intent and Meaning thereof; nevertheless you are hereby enjoyned and required to cause His Mat'" said Warrant, and this our Authority thereupon, to be entered with the Auditor of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the County of Northton, before any Step be taken by you towards executing the same; and we do also enjoyn and require you to render an Account to the same Auditor of your Actings and Doings herein, within Twelve Months from the Date hereof at farthest, for all which (such Entry being first made as aforesaid) this shall be, not only to you, but to all others herein concerned, a sufficient Warrant. Whitehall Treary Chambers, the 26tk Day of Sep', 1727.

R Walpole. Geo.

Cha: Turner. Clayton.

To Our very loving Friend Chef Wither, Esqr, Surveyor General of His Matie’s Woods.

N# 11.

The Answer of Joseph Smyth, Esquire, Lieutenant and Woodward of the Forest of and

Keeper of Sholbroo/c Walk, in the said Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

The said Joseph Smyth saith, That he holds, by virtue of Letters Patent from the Crown, the Office of Woodward of the Forest of Whittlexvood, during His Majesty’s Pleasure. That he receives as Woodward a Yearly Fee or Salary of Five Pounds, which is paid by the Receiver General of the Land Revenue, by virtue of a Debenture from the Auditor; and a Yearly Allowance of Twenty Pounds, paid by Reuben Capes, Deputy to the Surveyor General of the Woods, from the Sale of dotard and decayed Trees, in lieu of a Fee of Twelve Pence in the Pound, formerly received by the Woodwards of the said Forest, from the Buyers of Wood or Timber there; and he has also a Fee of Four Pence for every Tree felled there, which is paid by the Purchasers of the Timber and Wood.

That he holds likewise the Office of Lieutenant or Deputy Warden of Whittlexvood Forest, and Keeper of Sholbrook Walk there, by Appointment of his Grace the Duke of Grafton, Lord Warden of the said Forest, during his Grace’s Pleasure. That, as Lieutenant, he has the Superintendance and Care of the whole Forest under the Lord Warden; and, as Keeper of Sholbrook, he has the particular Charge of that Walk. That he receives Annually from the Surveyor General of the Woods, or his Deputy, the Sum of Ninety-seven, Pounds Ten Shillings for the several antient Fees and Allowances following; vis.

£. s. d.

For the Warden’s Fee - - - 5 — —

For the Lieutenant or Deputy Warden, his Allowance in lieu of 33 Loads of M ood, at 10 per

Load - -- -- - 16 10 —

His Allowance for making Hay - 368

For the M ages of the Under Forester or Keeper of Wakefield Double Walk - 368

For his Allowance in lieu of Loads of M ood, at 10s. per Load - - - 22 — —

For his Additional Salary - - - 4134

For the Under Forester or Keeper of Sholbrook Walk, the like Wages and Allowances For the Wages of the First Page Keeper of Wakefield JValk -

30 ——

30 ——

12 13 4

Of which Sum he receives for his own Use Forty it is felled under M’arrants from the Treasury. That Pounds per Annum, as Lieutenant and Keeper, and the exact Number of Deer in cannot

pays to the Keeper of IVakefield I fit Ik the Yearly Salary be well ascertained, but they have been supposed to be of Tw'cnty-six Pounds, and to the First Page Keeper about Three hundred and Fifty Head of all Sorts, of the same Walk, the Yearly Salary of Twenty-seven That about Eleven Brace of Bucks, and Eight Brace Pounds. The Salaries and Allowances of the other of Does, on an Average, are killed Yearly in that Keepers and Page Keepers of the said Forest are paid Walk, and sent to the neighbouring Gentlemen and to them by the Surveyor General’s Deputy; all which Farmers, and others who receive Damage from the Deer. Payments are defrayed out of the Produce of dotard That about Ten Tons of Hay are Annually allowed for and decayed Timber, or of Timber supplied for the the Deer, by the Lieutenant. That an Encroachment Use of the Navy, deducting One Shilling in the is made on the Vert of this Forest in general by the Pound as the Surveyor General’s Fee. That the Fees lower Class of People picking up Acorns; to prevent received by him for Venison killed in Sholbrook Walk which the Keepers have applied to the neighbouring amount, on an Average, to Twenty Pounds per An- Justices, but can get no Redress. That no Spoil,

num, which are paid by the Receivers of the Venison, Waste, or Destruction, has been committed of the and the Profit from the Sale of the Skins and Offal, Wood or Timber belonging to the Crown in the said about Fifteen Pounds per Annum. That he occupies Forest; and no Abuses do exist there, to his Know-ft Lodge and Out Offices, with about Thirty-five ledge, injurious to the Rights of the Crown. That Acres of Meadow Land adjoining, of the Yearly Va- there are Fifteen Parishes and Hamlets, which have lue of about Seventy Pounds per Annum; and also a Right of Common, without Stint, in the Commonable Lawn of about Eighty Acres, subject to the Deer, and Parts of the said Forest, of which Six are called In-Common to Tw'o Head of Cattle only, where he keeps Towns, Whitfield, Whittlebury, Silver Ion, his Horses and Dairy Cows. That he has Annually pury, Yardley, and Passcnham with; and

about Twenty-five Loads of Wood, from the Browse Nine Out-Towns, viz. Crorvfield, Paulers-

Wood, cut for the Deer in Sholbrooook Walk, worth pury with Ilevcncote, Grafton. Alder ton, I Vie ken, Lilling-about Twenty Shillings per Load. That no Timber ston-Lovel, Lillingsion-Dayrell, Wapcnham, and Slapton. is cut for Repairs Annually; but when any is wanted, That the Cattle admitted to depasture in the Forest,

are

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii. 169

are Horse and Cow Kinds only, all other Kinds are excluded. That the Time allowed for the In-Towns to turn in their Horses and Cows, is about the Fifth of April, and to take them out on the Twelfth of November; and for the Out-Towns to turn in about the Fourth of May, and take out the Twenty-fifth of September Yearly. That no Notice has been taken of the Fence Month since the Swanimote Court has been discontinued. And the Winter Haining has not been attended to by some of the In-Towns, who pretend to have a Right during that Time. That Part of Paulerspury with Hevencote, and Lillingsione-Dayrell,

pay an Acknowledgment for Herbage, called Hen Money, to the Amount of Twenty Shillings per Ann. which is divided among the Keepers of Sholbrook Walk.

That the Method used to prevent the Forest being sur- Eighth Report charged by Commoners, and the Admission of Cattle °ef

of Strangers, is by a Forest Drift. Those that are com- v monable and branded, pay One Penny for the Drift.

Those that are commonable, and not branded, pay Four Pence per Head, and One Penny for the Drjft. And when any Cattle are found belonging to any one who has no Right of Common, a Penalty of Ten Shillings per Head is demanded; which Monies are usually divided among the Keepers of the respective Walks where the Drift is made. The planting of Acorns in particular Parts of the Forest would be of great Use.

Jo1 Smyth,

N* 12.

ABSTRACT John Hammond, William Taylor, Charles Heath, -Reuben Capes, -William Vemey, - -George Taylor, - -Thomas Oakley, - -William Waterman, -William Lovell, - -William Savage, - -

4>

V

Ui

of the EXAMINATIONS of

Hasleborough Walk.

Hanger Walk.

Wakefield Walk.

Shrob Walk.

Page Keeper of Hasleborough Walk.

Page Keeper of Hanger and Shrob Walks.

1st Page Keeper of Wakefield Walk.

3d Page Keeper of Wakefield and Hanger Walks. 1st Page Keeper of Sholbrook Walk.

2d Page Keeper of Sholbi'ook Walk.

-a

o

g

eg'

i — 1~

n'

CD

CL

O'

o

Eighth Report of the Board of Land Revenue. X i

The Examination of John Hammond, Keeper of Haslcborough Walk; taken upon Oath, the Oth Day of December 1790. The Examination of William Taylor, Keeper of Hanger Walk; taken upon Oath, the 6th Day of December 1790. The Examination of Charles Heath, Keeper of Wakefield Walk; taken upon Oath, the 6th Day of December 1790. The Examination of Reuben Capes, Keeper of Shrob Walk; taken upon Oath, the 6th Day of December 1790.

Appointment. Saith, That he is Keeper of boroughWalk, in Forest, appointed by his Grace the Duke of Grafton, during his Pleasure. That he is Keeper of Hanger Walk by the like Appointment, during Pleasure. That he is Keeper of Wakefield Walk, by the like Appointment, during Pleasure. That he is Keeper of Shrob Walk, by the like Appointment, during Pleasure.

Duty. That the Duty of his Office is to take Care of the Woods, Deer, and Game, within the said Walk, and to assist in other Parts of the Forest, when required. That his Duty is to take Care of the Woods Timber, Vert, and Venison, and to kill or assist in killing the Deer when required. That the Duty of his Office is to look after the Deer, Woods, and Game, and to assist in killing the Deer in this Walk, or in other Parts of the Forest, if required. That the Duty of his Office is to take Care of the Woods, and Game within the said Walk, and to assist in killing Venison when required, in any Part of the Forest.

Salary. That he is paid by Reuben Capes, Deputy to the Surveyor General, the Yearly Salary of 25/. 6s. 8 out of which is deducted, for the Surveyor’s Poundage, the Sum of 1 /. 5 4 d. TI.3 like Salary, and Deduction for Poundage. That his Salary is 26/. per Annum, paid by Joseph Smyth, Esquire, Lieutenant of the Forest. That his Salary is 25/. 6 s. 8 per Annum (One Shilling in the Pound deducted to the Surveyor’s Use) payable out of Monies arising by Wood Sales, by virtue of Warrants from the Treasury.

Fees on Venison. That the Fees received by him for Venison killed within this Walk, including the Value of a Fee Buck and Fee Doe, amount to about 30/. 6 s. 6d. per Annum, or more, which Fees are paid by the Receivers of the Venison, and he receives about 23/. 17 s. 6d. per Annum, by Sale of the Skins and Offal. That the Fees received by him for Venison, amount, on an Average, to about 10/. 3 s.4 d.per Annum, and the Emoluments from the Skins and Offal to about 10/. i6j. per Annum, and he has also a Fee Buck and Fee Doe yearly, which he sells for 61. \6d. That the Fees which he receives for Venison killed in Wakefield Walk, amount, on an Average, to about 50/. per Annum, which are paid by the Receivers of the Venison, and the Profit from the Skins and Offal of such Venison to about 651, per Annum, or more, arising by the Sale thereof. That he has a Yearly Allowance of Six Guineas, paid by the Duke of Grafton, in lieu of a Fee Buck and Fee Doe, no Deer being kept within this Walk.

Lodge and Land. That he occupies a Lodge worth 51. per Annum, and about 14 Acres of Sweard Ground, worth 14/. per Annum, out of which he pays for the Land Tax, and House and Window Tax, 1 /. 18 s. 3 d.per Annum. That he occupies a Lodge and Offices, and about 11 Acres of Land, worth 15/. ioj. per Annum, subject to the Payment of the House, Window, and Land Tax, amounting together to 2/. 1 6s.a d.a Year. That he occupies a Lodge worth about 5 I.per Annum, and 6 Acres of Land, worth about 5/. 1 per Annum, subject to the Payment of 1/. 14$. for House and Window Taxes. That he occupies a Lodge in Shrob Walk, with 19 Acres of Pasture, worth about 30 I.per Annum, subject to the Payment of Land and Window Tax.

to

l

r

Fuel.

O

r*

Timber for Repairs.

Number of Deer in each Walk.

Number of Deer killed Annually.

.O

c That he has about 1,200 Faggots - Yearly, from the Wood cut for browsing the Deer, within W

worth 20 s.per Hundred, after Payment of the Expences of cutting.

That no Timber is cut Annually for the Forest Officers, except for Payment of their Salaries; and when any Timber is wanted for Repairs, it is cut by Authority of the Surveyor’s Warrant to his Deputy.

That there are about 360 Head of Deer of all Sorts in Hasleborough , as nearly as he can ascertain.

That about 15 Brace of Bucks and 8 Brace of Does are Annually killed within his Walk, for the Use of Noblemen and Gentlemen, whose Property sustains Damage by the Deer, and 6 Brace of Bucks and 6 Brace of Does are Annually sent from other Walks of the Forest; but as to other Warrants he refers to the lieutenant of the Forest, and his Deputy.

That no Timber is allowed to the

Keepers; but Browse Wood is cut for the Deer, according to the Severity of the Winter, and when the Deer have done with it, alter Lady Day, it is gathered up for Fuel, for the Use of the Keepers, of which this Examinant hath about 8 or 9 Loads, worth about 20 per Load.

That the Number of Deer kept in the Forest, or in any particular Walk, cannot be ascertained, but this Examinant thinks there may be about 100 Head of all Sorts in Hanger Walk.

Of which on an Average are killed 5 Brace of Bucks and Brace of Does Yearly, exclusive of the Keeper’s Fee Buck and Fee Doe: All Venison Warrants, and Orders for Venison, are directed to the Lieutenant of the Forest, or his Agent, to whom he refers for an Account thereof.

L

That he has Annually about 1l Loads of Fuel Wood, from the Wood cut for browsing the Deer in Wakefield IValk, worth about 20 s.per Load, after paying the Expences of cutting, &c.

That no Timber is Annually cut for Repairs; but when any are wanted, they are done by the Surveyor of the Woods.

That the Number of Deer in Wakefield Walk, cannot be well ascertained,

but have been computed to be about 1,000 Head of all Sorts.

That the Number killed Annually on an Average, is about 37 Brace of Bucks and 29 Brace of Does, of which 6 Brace of Bucks, and 6 Brace of Does, are returned to the Warrants of the Board of Green Cloth, 5 or 6 Brace of Bucks, and about 5 Brace of Does (as they can be spared) to the Cofferer’s Warrants. The Chief Justice in Eyre, his Secretary, the Verderors and Purlieu Ranger, each have Fee Venison. Some are ordered by his Grace the Duke of Grafton for his own Use, and some to his Friends, and the rest are disposed of by the Lieutenant to the Gentlemen and others round the Forest, that sustain Damage by the Deer.

That he has the Browse Wood of the Oak and Ash Trees in this Walk, (such as have heretofore been browsed) and cuts Annually about 700 of Faggots, worth about 71, per Annum; but that no Timber Trees are cut down for Fuel in this Walk, or in any other Part of the Forest, for the Use of the Forest Officers.

Not Annually for Repairs, but occasionally by Warrant from the Lords of the Treasury.

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii.

D £r<X»

o-ger

5§»

<» (i D Q.*T3

5c!

Hay for the Deer.

Encroachment.

Right of Common (without Stint).

D

eg'

« — t-'

N

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg.

FT

In-Towns turn in 5 April, and take out 12 Nov. — Out-Towns turn in 4th May, and take out 25 Sept. Yearly.

The Examination of John Hammond continued.

That about 1,500 Weight of Hay, worth about 21. 5 s.is Annually provided for the Deer within JVa Ik, as the Severity of the Season requires, at the Expence of the Keeper of the said Walk.

That an Encroachment is made on the Mast Vert of the Forest in general by the poor People carrying away Acorns, to prevent which the Keepers have frequently applied to the Neighbouring Justices, but can get no Redress.

That 15 Towns and Hamlets have Right of Common (without Stint) on all the Commonable Parts of the Forest, for Horse and Cow Cattle only, of which 6 are called In-Towns {viz.) Whitfield, Whittlebury, and Silverston,

Potterspury and Yardley

ham, and Denshanger; and 9 Out-

Towns {viz.) Syresham and Cro/ield, Paulerspury and Heat/ ,

A/derton, JVicken,

Lillingston-Dayrell, and

Slapton.

That the In-Towns turn their Cattle into the Forest about the 5th of April, and take them out about the 12th of November; and the Out-Towns turn in about the 4th of May, and take out about the 25th of September, in every Year.

The Examination of William Taylor continued.

That no Hay or Corn is provided for the Deer in Hanger JV1alk.

To the like Effect.

To the like Effect.

To the like Effect.

The Examination of Charles Heath continued.

That about 18 Tons of Hay are Annually made for the Deer, at the Expence of the Duke of Grafton.

The Examination of Reuben Capet continued.

To the like Effect.

To the like Effect.

To the like Effect

That an Encroachment is made on the Vert of this Walk, and other Parts of the Forest, by the lower Class of People picking up Acorns, for which he cannot get any Redress, there being no Swani-mote Court held for this Forest.

That no Persons have Right of Common of Pasture, or Pannage, within this Walk; but there are 15 Parishes and Hamlets which have Right of Common on other Parts of the Forest; for an Account of which he refers to the Keepers of the other Walks.

60

<v*

s!

a

v-

o

o

a

rT

4

*5

Fence Month and Winter Hain-ing.

Cattle admitted

Fence Money, or Hen Money

Drift.

Penalty.

Number of Cattle driven.

Drift Money.

That no Notice is taken by the Commoners of the Fence Month, but by the Keepers only in their respective Walks looking after the Does whilst fawning; and the Winter Haining has not been duly attended to by some of the In-Towns, who pretend to have a Right during the Time.

That the Townships of and Slapton pay as each Yearly, to the Keeper of Hasleborough , which they call Fence Money, or Hen Money, and the Townships of and

Crofield pay about 155. Annually, more or less, which is collected from House to House, and divided between the Keeper and Page of Hasleborough Walk.

That to prevent the Forest being surcharged by Commoners, or the Admission of Cattle of Strangers, the Cattle are driven to a convenient Place, and there kept, till Notice is sent to the different Parishes to which the Cattle are supposed to belong, for the Owners to take them away; and if any be found that have no Right of Common, the Commoners that do appear generally put a Fine of ioj. per Head on each Beast. The Money collected on that Day is mostly expended; the Residue is divided between the Keeper and Page of the Walk where the Drift is made.

That the last Drift but One, the Number of Cattle driven amounted to 96 Horses, and 191 Cows, in all 287; and the Cattle la9t driven were 124 Horses, and 205 Cows, in all 329.

That the Cattle belonging to Persons having Right of Common, and which are branded, pay One Penny for the Drift for Horses and Cow s separate, be the number more or less, of each Sort, and those not branded, pay per Head, which Money is likewise divided as aforesaid.

That no Notice is taken of the Fence Month; and the In-Towns are apt to encroach on the Time of Winter Haining.

That the Cattle admitted to depasture in the Forest, are Horse and Cow Kinds only; and all others are excluded.

That in the Parish of Passenham, adjoining to Hanger , a Collection is made at Shrovetide from House to House, of what is called Hen Money, amounting to about io$. or 12 per Annum, which is divided between the Keeper and Page Keeper of Hanger Walk; and as. and is Annually paid by the Parishioners of Lillingston-Lovell to the Keeper of Hanger Walk.

That when any Imposition is suspected in regard to the Cattle turned into the Forest, a Drift is made, and the Owners of such Cattle as have Right of Common, and are branded, pay only One Penny for the Drift; those unbranded pay per Head, and One Penny their Drift; and those that have no Right pay a Penalty according to their Trespass, sometimes as high as 105. per Head: Which Money is divided among the Keepers of the Walk where the Drift is made.

1

That no Notice is taken of the Fence Month; and the Winter Haining has not been attended to by some of the In-Towns, who pretend to have a Right during that Time.

The like.

That the Commoners in Potterspury and Yardley pay an Acknowledgment, called Hen Money, to this Examinant, as Keeper of IVakejidd JV , amounting to about 2 os.per Annum, collected from

House to House.

That the Method taken t<? prevent the Forest being surcharged by Commoners, or the Admission of Cattle of Strangers, is by a Forest Drift, when the Cattle that are Commonable and branded pay One Penny for the Drift; those Commonable, and not branded, pay per Head, and One Penny for the Drift; and when any Cattle are found belonging to Persons having no Right of Common, a Penalty of 1 oj. per Head is demanded, which, with the Drift Money, is usually divided between the Keepers of the Walk where the Drift is made.

3 0

a. ar zr 37* £T

r» £ rt

E c- £

32 Geo. III. 13° .

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

CD

o

eg

?r

----- ' . - -; — — ’ — -L ..A

Eighth Report of the Board of Land Revenue. v \

The Examination of Wm Vemey, Page Keeper of Hasleborough Walk; taken upon Oath, the 6th December 1790. The Examination of George Taylor, Page Keeper of Hanger and Shrob Walks; taken upon Oath, the 6th December 1790. The Examination of Tho1 Oakley, First Page Keeper oi Wakefield Walk; taken upon Oath, the 6th December 1790. The Examination of Wm Water- , man. Second Page Keeper of Wakefield and Hanger Walks; taken upon Oath, the 6th December 1790. The Examination of Wm Lore//, First Page Keeper of Shole-brook Walk; taken upon Oath, the 6th December 1790. The Examination of Wm Savage, Second Page Keeper of SAo/e-brook Walk; taken upon Oath, the 6th December 1790.

Appointment. That he is Page Keeper of Hasleborough appointed by the Duke of Grafton, during his Pleasure. That he is Page Keeper at Hanger and Shrob W alks, by the like Appointment, during Pleasure. That he is First Page Keeper of Wakes 1 Calk, by the like Appointment, during Pleasure. That he is second Page Keeper of Wakefeld and Hanger Walks, by the like Appointment, during Pleasure. That he is First Page Keeper of Sholebrook Walk, underJoscphSmith, Esquire, i by the like Appointment, during Pleasure. That he is Second Page Keeper of Sholebrook Walk under Joseph Smith, Esquire, by the like Appointment, during Pleasure.

Duty. That his Duty is to take Care of the Deer, Woods, and Game; to assist in killing the Deer; to hunt the Purlieus; and assist in other Parts of the Forest when required. That the Duty of his Office is to take Care of the Timber Woods, Vert, Venison, Commons, &c.; to assist in killing and dressing 0 0 the Deer in Hanger and IV:ike-feld Walks; and to assist in any Part of the Forest, in any respect, if required. That the Duty of his Office is to look alter the Deer, Woods, and Game, and to assist in killing the Deer in this Walk, or other Parts of the Forest, if required. That the Duty of his Office is to take Care of the Woods, Deer, and Game, and to assist in the killing the Deer in the said Walk, and to hunt the Pur-, lieus. That the Duty of his Office is to look after the Deer, Woods, and Game, and to assist in the killing of Deer within this Walk, or in any other Part of the Forest, when required. That the Duty of his Office is to take Care of the Woods, Deer, and Game, ,__i and to assist in killing the Qjq Deer in this Walk, and ° hunting the Purlieus. rv s

Salary. That his Salary is 12/. 13$. 4 c?. per Annum, paid by Reuben Cap.Deputy to the Surveyor General. The like Salary, and Mode of Payment. That his Salary is 27/. per Annum, which is paid to him by Jos* Smith, Esquire, Lieutenant of the Forest. That his Salary is 12/. 135. A,d. per Annum, which is paid by Reuben Capes, Agent to the Surveyor General. The like Salary of 12/. 135. 4 d.paid by Reuben Capes. The like Salary of 12Z. * 13^. 4 d.paid by Reuben Capes.

Perquisites on Deer. That his Perquisites, arising by Sale of the Heads and Necks of Deer killed in the said Walk in the Buck and Doe Seasons, and of the Chance Skins and Chance Heads, Necks, and Horns in Buck Season, amount to about 4 /. 14J. per Annum. That his Perquisites are half the Heads, Horns, and Chance Skins of the Deer killed in Hanger and Wake-field Walks, and a Piece of Venison Yearly, the Value of which on an Average is, together, about 5/. iij. per Annum. That he receives, as a Perquisite, Part of a Fee Doe, worth about 12 per Annum. That his Perquisites, arising from his Share of the Heads and Necks of the Deer killed in the Buck and Doe Seasons, and the Chance Skins and Horns in the Buck Season, and Pari of a Fee Doe, amount to about 5/. n$. per Annum. That he receives no Fees or Emoluments by virtue of his Office. 1 t 1 That his Perquisites, arising from the Heads and Necks of the Deer in Buck and Doe Seasons, and from the Chance Skins and Horns in Buck Season, . amount to about 3/. 8 5. per Annum. to

n

' M'i

g

(Q

N

CD

Q_

cr

o-

O

oa

FS"

o

Lodge and Land.

That he occupies a Lodge worth 50 5. per Annum, and about 12 Acres, of Sweard Ground, worth about 7/. 55. per Annum; and he pays for Land, House, and Horse Tax, 19 s. 4\d. per Annum to the Parish of Whitfield\

That he occupies a Lodge and Offices, of the Yearly Value of 21. 5 s. and a Close of Land, worth about 21.15 s. per Annum, subject to Land and Window Tax, amounting to 11. 1 s. yd. per Annum.

That he occupies a Lodge, worth about 31. per Annum; for which, and 5 Acres of Swerd Ground, worth about 5/. per Annum, he pays 2/. 18 s. per Annum for Taxes and Parochial Dues.

That he occupies a Lodge and Out Offices, worth about 50 s. per Annum, and about. 6 Acres of Green Swerd Ground, worth about 61. per Annum, subject to the Payment of 125. 2 d. for Land and Window Tax.

That he occupies a Lodge and Out-Offices, worth about 405. per Annum; also 7 Acres of Swerd Ground, worth about 5 Guineas per Annum; for which he pays 21. 135. 8 d. per Annum for Land and Window Tax, and Parochial Dues.

That he occupies a Lodge and Out-Offices, worth about 3 /. per Annum, and about 7 Acres of Swerd Ground, worth about 7/. per Annum, subject to Land and Window Taxes, and Parochial Dues, amounting to 2/. 115. 2d. per Annum.

Fuel.

That he has Annually an Allowance for Fuel from the Browse Wood in Hasle-borough Walk, of about 500 Fagots, worth 205. per Hundred, after defraying the Expences of cutting.

That the Lop of Browse Trees, cut for the Use of the Deer, is allowed to the Keepers of the respective Walks, after Lady Day, Yearly, and the Browse belonging to this Examinant is about One Load and an Half, of the Value of 1 /. 105. or thereabouts, exclusive of cutting and fagotting.

That he has about 13 Load of Wood Annually, from the Wood cut for browsing the Deer in Wake-f eld Walk, worth 205. per Load, after paying the Expences of cutting.

That he has about 10 Loads of Wood Annually from the Browse Wood cut for the Deer in Waktfeld Walk, worth about 10/. per Annum, after paying the Expences of cutting.

That he has about 8 Loads of Wood Yearly from the Browse Wood cut for the Deer in Sholtbrook Walk, worth about- 205. per Load, after Payment of the Expence of cutting.

The same as Wm. Lovell.

Timber for Repairs.

That no Timber is Annually cut for the Forest Officers, but for the Payment of their Salaries; and when any Timber is w anted for Repairs, it is cut by Warrant of the Surveyor General to his Deputy.

No Timber is allowed Annually for Repairs; but when any is cut, it is by Warrant of the Surveyor General.

That no Timber is Annually cut for Repairs; but when any is wanted, it is ordered by the Surveyors Warrant.

That no Timber is Annually cut for Repairs; but when any is wanted, it is done by Warrant of the Surveyor General.

The like Answer.

To the like Effect.

CO

to

o

1*3

o

r

O

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

1

Number of Deer.

Deer killed.

Hay for the Deer.

Encroachment.

Right of Common.

The Examination of William Verney, continued.

That there are about 360 Head of Deer, of all Sorts, in HasleboroughWalk, but the exact Number he cannot ascertain.

That d Brace of Bucks, and 6 Brace of Does, are Annually sent to His Majesty’s Larder; but as to the Number of Deer killed Annually, on an Average, or by what Warrant or Authority, and for whose Use, he refers to the Lieutenant of the Forest and his Agent.

That about 1,500 Weight of Hay, of the Value of 45 s. or thereabouts, is Annually provided for the Deer in Hasleborough , at the Expence of the Keeper.

That an Encroachment is made on the Vert of this Forest in general, by the lower Class of People carrying away Acorns; to prevent which the Keepers have frequently applied to the neighbouring Justices, but can get no Redress.

That 15 Forest Towns and Hamlets have Right of Common (without Stint) on all the Commonable

The Examination of George

Taylor, continued.

That he cannot judge of the Number of Deer, but refers to the Master Keepers of the respective Walks.

That some of the Vert has been gathered and carried away, and in particular the Acorns, by the lower Class of People, for which he cannot find any Way of Redress.

As to the Parishes, Manors, or Estates, having Right of Common of Pasture and Pannage within

The Examination of Thomas Oakley, continued.

The Examination of William Waterman, continued.

That he cannot set forth the Number of Deer, but refers to the Keeper of Wakefield Walk.

The Examination of William Lovell, continued.

That there is an Encroachment on the Vert of the Forest in general by the lower Class of People picking up Acorns; and the Keepers have applied to the neighbouring Justices

O O

to prevent them, but can get no Redress.

To the like Effect.

That he cannot set forth the Number of Deer, but refers to the Return of Joseph Smith, Esquire, Lieutenant of the Forest, and Keeper of Sholebrook Walk.

The like.

The Examination of William Savage, continued.

The like.

00

o

<V

The like.

to

*0

o___

1i,.

g

cg‘

r — H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

Parts of this Forest, whereof 6 are called In-Towns,

(Viz.) JVhilfield,

bury and Silvers ton, terspury, and Yardley bion, Passenham & shanger; and 9 are called Out-Towns, (viz.) ham and Crofield, lerspury and

Grafton, Alderto, en, Lillingston-Lovell,

lingston-Dayrel, ham and Slapton.

Cattle admitted.

In-Towns turn in 5th April, take out 12th November; Out-Towns turn in 4th May, and takeout 25th September.

That the Cattle admitted to depasture in the Forestare Horse and Cow Kinds only; all others are excluded.

That the In-Towns turn their Cattle into the Forest about the 5th of April, and take them out about the 12th of November; and the Out-Towns turn in their Cattle about the 4th of May, and take out about the 35th of September.

Fence Month and Winter Haining.

That no Notice is taken of the Fence Month by the Commoners, buttheKeep-ers look after the Does in their respective Walks whilst fawning; and the Winter Haining has not been duly attended to by some of the In-Towns, who pretend to have a Right during that Time.

the Forest, he refers to the Master Keepers.

That the Cattle admitted to depasture there, are Horse and Cow Kinds, Sheep, Asses, and Swine, are excluded.

To the like Effect,

That no Notice is taken of the Fence Month; and the Winter Haining has not been attended to by some of the In-Towns, who pretend to have a Right during that Time.

The same as William Vemey.

The like as set forth by William Vemey.

The like.

The like.

The like as set forth by William Vemey.

The like.

The like.

The like.

The like.

The like.

The like.

The like.

The like as George Taylor.

The like.

The like.

The like.

"4

I si

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii.

The Examination of William Veruey continued. The Examination of George Taylor continued.

Hen Money. That the Township of Syersham pays Yearly about 15$. which is called Hen Money, and collected from House to House, and is divided between the Keeperand Page oiIIa.sk-borough Walk. That the Keeper and Page Keeper of Hanger JVa/k gather jointly for their own Use, what is called Hen Money, from House to House of the Commoners of the Parish of some pay One Shilling, others Six Pence each, at their Option, amounting in the Whole to about Ten or Twelve Shillings Yearly.

D

cq'

N

CD

Q.

cr

Drift.

O

n

o

ej

H

That the Method used to prevent surcharging the Forest by Commoners, or the Admission of Cattle of Strangers, is by a Forest Drift.

That the Method taken to prevent the Forest being surcharged by Commoners, or the Admission of the Cattle of Strangers, is by a Forest Drift, when the Cattle that are Commonable and branded pay One Penny for Horses, and One Penny for Cows, for the Drift; and those that are not branded pay the like, with an Addition of per Head. If any be found that have no Right of Common, a Fine is imposed upon them, seldom exceeding io,y. per Head, and the Money is divided between the Keepers of the Walk where the Cattle are driven.

The Examination of Thojtias OakU'i/, continued.

That the Commoners in Part of Paulcrspury pay an Acknowledgment to this Examinant as Keeper of the Gullet Lodge, amounting to about 16s. per Annum, which is collected from House to House; and those in Grafton and Aldertonf 4$. (i d. each, which is paid by the Constable.

To the like Effect.

The Examination of Wm Waterman continued.

The Examination of William Lovell continued.

The Examination of William Savage, continued.

-3

00

That an Acknowledgment from the Commoners oiWickoi, of is. 4 per Annum, is paid by the Constable of to this Examinant as Page Keeper of IVa

The like.

That the Commoners in Part of Paulersjmry, with IJeathencote and Lilli) igs I on- Day rell, pay an Annual Acknowledgment, which is called Hen Money, to the Amount of about 20^. per, Annum, which is divided between the Keepers of Sholebrook Walk.

The like.

The same as William Lovell.

<V*

<59*

s?

3,

The like.

to

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

179

Eighth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

A C COU NT of the Number of Cattle of each Sort from each Parish, turned into the Forest of Whittlewood

by the Commoners in the Year 1791.

Name* of Parishes. N° of Cattle. Of what Kinds. In what Walks chiefly depasturing.

Potterspury - 43 24 Horses 9 Cows

Yardley - - 40 3 — 27 —

Grafton - - 4 4 — m f Chiefly in Wakefield.

Alderton - - 41 20 — 21

Lillingston-Lovell - 37 15 — 22 --

Paulerspury with Heathcncoat - 148 48 — 100 — . Part in D*, 4 P' in Sholebrook.

Passingham with Deanshanger - 80 34 — 46 — Chiefly in Hanger.

Wicken - - 3 16 — 15 — In Hanger, or Wakefield.

Whittlcbury -Lillingston-Dayrell - 75 48 43 15 _ 32 0 0 JO - 1 - J Chiefly in Sholebrook.

Whitfield - - 25 4 — 21 —

Syresham with Crowfield - 86 26 60 — 1

Wappenham - - 96 J9 — 77 1 Chiefly in Hasleborough.

Slapton - - 4 4 — — —

Silvers ton ..... - 131 32 — 99 ’

Total - 8S9

Memorandum:

This Return is from the best Account we can collect of the Numbers of Cattle of each Sort from each Parish turned into the Forest of Whittlexvood by the Commoners last Year, which we think near upon an Average the Stock turned in Annually: But as the Pasture upon the Commonable Parts of the Forest is some Years mud) better than others, the general Stock is uncertain. — Some Years a Common will turn in several, other Years few, or none, according as is most convenient to themselves, therefore the general Stock of Cattle, as we have before observed, is variable.

In% Hammond\ Keeper of Hasleborough Walk.

JVm Savage, Page Keeper of Sholebrook Walk.

Cha* Heath, Keeper of Wakefield Walk.

JVm Taylor, Keeper of Hanger Walk.

Febrr isty 1792. Ruhn Capes, Keeper of Shrobb Walk.

N° ij.

The Answer of J. Frederick fVillesy Esquire, One of the Verderors of the Forest of Whittlezeood, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated January 18th, 1790.

The Duty of my Office in Whittlcwood Forest is to inspect the Vert and Venison. I was appointed by the Freeholders of the County of Northampton; my Appointment is for Life. My Allowance is by no Means certain, but depends upon the Sale of Underwood. Since I have enjoyed the Office, which has been about Seven Years, I have never received Yearly more than Seventeen Pounds, or less than Nine Pounds. The only certain Fee I have is a Buck and a Doe. I occupy no Messuage or Lands belonging to the Crown, receive no Rents, nor make any Disbursements by virtue of my Office. No Timber is cut for Forest Officers, but to pay their Salaries. None of the Timber has been destroyed, that I know of The Poor in the Neighbourhood have trespassed to pick up Acorns, and upon the Keepers applying to Justices they could meet with no Redress. Fifteen Forest Towns and Hamlets have Right of Common on all the Commonable Lands of the Forest. Six are In-Towns; viz*. Whitfield, Whittlcbury, and Silvcrston, Potter spury, and Yardley Gobion, Passenham and Daneshanger. Nine Out-Towns; viz*. Syresliam and Crasfield, Paulerspury and HcathencotCy Graf tony Alderton, fVieken, Lillingstone-Lovell, Lillingstone-Dayrell, Wappenham, and Slapton, without Stint. The Cattle Vol, 47.

admitted to depasture in the Forest are Horse and Cow Kind only; all others are excluded. The In-Towns turn in about the 5th of April, and turn out about the 12th of November. The Out-Towns turn in about the 4th of May, and take out about the 25th of September. No Notice is taken of the Fence Month by the Commoners, only the Keepers in their respective Walks look after the Does whilst they are fawning. The Winter Haining has not been duly attended to by some of the In-Towns, who pretend to have a Right during that Time. Syrcsham pays Yearly about Fifteen Shillings, more or less, collected from House to House, which is called Hen Money, which Money is divided between the Keeper and Page of Hasleborough JValk. The Method used to prevent surcharging the Forest by Commoners, or the Admission of the Cattle of Strangers, is by a Forest

N# 14.

The Answer of Humbo Rigby, Esquire, Purlieu Ranger of the Forest of fVhittlcuood, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated 16th December 1789.

My Office in the Forest of Whittleuood is that of Purlieu Ranger, to hunt out and protect the King’s Deer in the Purlieus. I was appointed by the Duke of Grafton, and my Warrant signed by the King. My Appointment is for Life. My Annual Salary is

Twenty

180 130 Februarii.A. 1792.

Eighth Report Twenty Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence (Sur-of the Board of veyor’s Poundage deducted) and is paid by Mr. Land Revenue^ Capes, Deputy Surveyor. I have no other Fee or Emolument than a Buck and a Doe. I occupy no Messuage or Lands belonging to the Crown, receive no Rents, nor make any Disbursements, by virtue of my Office. I have no Allowance of Fuel Wood, or Timber for Repairs. I do not know of any Spoil, Waste, or Destruction having been committed of the Woods and Timber, nor of any existing Abuses injurious to the Rights of the Crown, in the said Forest. I can give no Answer to the Inquiries concerning the Right of Common on the Forest, the Times the Cattle are admitted, or when turned in, or taken out, not living within the Forest, nor having any Business to inquire into them.

Rigby.

said Yearly Sum of Twenty-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence, in respect of the said Office, and in full of the Salary or Allowance aforesaid, the same to commence from the said Ninth Day of , and

to continue for so long Time as he shall continue to execute the said Office of Purlieu Ranger of the said Forest, or until We may think fit to give Our Orders to the contrary. And this shall be to you for so doing a sufficient Warrant. Given at Our Court at Saint James's, this Tenth Day of June 1766, in tire Sixth Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty’s Command,

J. Cavendish.

Th&

To the Commissioners of Our Treasury.

N* 15.

GEORGE R.

Whereas Our right trusty and right entirely well-beloved Cousin and Councellor Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, who holds to himself, and the Heirs Male of his Body issuing, the Office of Master of Our Forest and Parks of Whittlewoo in the Counties of Northampton and Bucks, did by a Writing under his Hand and Seal, dated the Ninth Day of March 1766, by virtue of the Powers vested in him by the Letters Patent or Grant under which he holds the said Office, appoint Humbo Rigby, Esquire, to be Purlieu Ranger of the said Forest; and We are graciously pleased to give and grant unto the said Humbo Rigby the like Salary and Allowances, in respect of his said Office, as are made and given to the Under Foresters there; that is to say,

In Money Yearly, a Salary of -£.113 4

An Allowance in lieu of Twenty-two Loads of Wood, claimed Yearly by an Under Forester there 19 16 —

£.21 9 4

Amounting altogether to the Yearly Sum of Twenty-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence: Our Will and Pleasure is, and We do hereby authorize and direct, that you issue your Warrant to the Surveyor General of Our Woods Trent South for the Time being, to pay unto the said Humbo Rigby, or to his Assigns, out of such Monies as shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Hands of the said Surveyor General, arisen or to arise by Sale of Wood or Underwoods, the

After our hearty Commendations: By virtue of the aforegoing Warrant under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, bearing Date the 10th Day of June 1766, these are to authorize and direct you, out of such Monies as shall, from Time to Time, be and remain in your Hands, arisen or to arise by Sale of Wood or Underwood, to pay unto Humbo Rigby, Esquire, Purlieu Ranger of Whittlewood Forest, the Yearly Salary or Allowance of Twenty-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence, in respect of the said Office, and in lieu of all former Allowances whatsoever claimed by the Under Foresters there, as directed by the above mentioned Warrant; which said Yearly Salary or Allowance of Twenty-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence is to commence from the Ninth Day of March last, and to be payable for so long Time as he shall continue in the Execution of the said Office of Purlieu Ranger of the said Forest, or until His Majesty shall think fit to give His Orders to the contrary. And for so doing this shall be, as well to you as to the Auditor, and all others concerned in passing your Accounts, for allowing the same thereupon, a sufficient Warrant.

lVhiteha.ll, Treasury Chambers,

12th June 17G6.

JVm Dowdeswell.

J. Cavendish.

Tho' Townshend.

To our very loving Friend Sir Edmd Thomas, Bart. Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, or to the Surveyor General thereof for the Time being.

N* 16.

13° Februarii.

181

N* l 6.

Eighth Report of the Board of Lund Revenue.

LIST of the Officers belonging to Whittlewood Fin the County of ,with their

Salaries and Allowances.

His Grace the Duke Grafton Joseph Smyth, Esquire Charles Heath -Thomas Oakley -William Waterman -William Lovell Wilt* Savage -John Hammond William Varney William Taylor Reubai Capes -George Taylor -Joseph Smyth, Esquire Humbo Rigby, Esquire

o

[|Lord Warden and Master Forester

- Lieutenant and Keepeer of Sholbrook Walk -

- Keeper under the Duke of Grafton of Wakefield Walk

- First Page Keeper of Wakefield Walk -

- Second Page Keeper of Wakefield Walk

- First Page Keeper of Sholbrook Walk -

- Second Page Keeper of Sholbrook Walk

- Keeper of Hazleborough Walk - - - - .

- Page Keeper of Hazleborough Walk -

- Keeper of Hangpr Walk -

- Keeper of Shrobb Walk - -

- Page Keeper of Hanger and Shrobb Walks -

- Woodward of the said Forest.

- Ranger of the Purlieus.

- Wakefield Great Lodge.

- Sholbrook Lodge.

- Wakefield Little Lodge.

- Gullet Lodge.

- Sutfield Lodge.

- Maggots Moor Lodge.

- Linshire Lodge.

- Hazleborough Lodge.

- Blackhedges Lodge.

- Hanger Lodge.

- Shrobb Lodge.

- Brownswood Lodge.

Their Salaries amount to the Sum of 278/. 6s. — and are annually paid by the Deputy Surveyor of the Woods, in the Manner and Form expressed in the following Account, by Sale of scrubbed and decayed Trees, &c. cut down in the said Forest for those Purposes.

ANNUAL PAYMENTS r

£. s. d.

To his Grace the Duke of Grafton, as Master Forester -

To the Deputy Master Forester, his Allowance for 33 Loads of Wood, at 105. per Load, by Treasury Order, 8th August 1713, confirmed by Treasury Order, the 20th April 1762 ——

To D° for making Hay ——

To Wages of the Under Forester or Keeper of Wakefield Double Walk -

Allowance of 10$. per Load, in lieu of Loads of Wood, per Treasury Order, 8th August 1713, confirmed by Treasury Order, 20th April 1762 -Additional Salary for D#, as per King’s Warrant of the 14th September 1727, and confirmed by Treasury Order, the said 20th April 1762 - -

To Wages of the First Page Keeper of Wakefield Walks -

Allowance of 105. per Load, in lieu of 11 Loads of Wood, as per Treasury Order, 8th August 1713, and confirmed by Treasury Order, 20th April 1762 Additional Salary allowed to the First Page Keeper of Wakefield Walks, as per King’s Warrant of the 14th of September 1727, and confirmed by Treasury Order, the said 20th April 1762 ——

16 10 —

3 6 8

3 G 8

22 ——

4 13 4

— 16 8

5 10 —

6 6 8

To the like Wages, Alowances, and Additional Salary as above mentioned, to the Under Forester or Keeper of Sholbrook W alk; and under the same Warrants and Orders -

These Sums are paid by me to Joseph Smyth, Esquire, Lieutenant of the Forest, and Head Keeper of Sholbrook Walk, w ho pays thereout the Wages of the Keeper and first Page Keeper of Sholbrook Walk -

£. s. d. 5 ——

1916 8

30 ——

12 13 4

30 ——

97 10 —

To Wages as Under Forester or Keeper of Shrobb Walk -Allowance of 10s. per Load, in lieu of 22 Loads of Wood, per Treasury Warrant, of the 8th of August 1713, confirmed by Treasury Order, the 20th April 1762 -Additional Salary allowed to Ditto, per King’s Warrant of the 14th September 1727, confirmed by Treasury Order, the said 20th April 1762 -

1 13 4

11 ——

12 13 4

The like Wages, Allowances, and Additional Salary to the Under Forester or Keeper ol' Hanger Walk ——

The like Wages, Allowances, and Additional Salary to the Under Forester or Keeper of Shrobb Walk - - - -

25 6 8

25 6 8 25 6 8

To Wages as Page Keeper of Shrobb and Hanger Walks -Allowance of 10s. per Load in lieu of 11 Loads of Wood, as per Treasury Order, the 8th of August 1713, and confirmed by Treasury Order, the 20th April 1762 Additional Salary allowed to D°, as per King’s Warrant of the 14th September 1727, and confirmed by Treasury Order, the said 20th April 1762 -

— 16 8

5 10 —

6 6 8

Vol. 47.

3 A

12 13 4

The

Eighth Report of the Board o! Land Revenue.

L

----- v ——

13° Februa

A. 1792.

The like Wages, Allowances, and Additional Salary to the Second Page Keeper of

Wakefield Walk....

The like to the First Page Keeper of Sholbrook Walk ——

The like to the Second Page Keeper of Sholbrook Walk -The like to the Page Keeper of Hazleborough Walk -

Note. — The preceding Salaries and Allowances are due the 31st July in every Year.

To Joseph Smyth, Esquire, Woodward of Whittlewood Forest, One Year's Salary, due at Lady Day ——

To Humbo Rigby, Esquire, Chief Ranger of the Purlieus of Whittlewood Forest, a Yearly Salary, due the 9th Day of March ——

£. $. d.

Total Annual Payments

£. s. d.

12 13 4

12 13 4

12 13 4

12 13 4

23616 8

20 — —

21 9 4

278 6

Reuben Capes,

10th December 1790.

N* 17.

EXTRACT from a Survey, intituled,

" NORTH TON COM: A Survay estimate and Value of his Ma* Tymber and Fyerwoods in the said Countye S'vayed marked and valewed by Wm Salter and Henrye Thorpe, the first of January A* i(io8, ut sqr."

Worth. To be spared. Worth.

m. e. £. m. £.

r Tymber Trees of Oake - 51,046 xxv. vij. lv. 5,100 v. c.

£. £.

Whittlewood Tymber Trees of Ash 50 1. alt: 1.

> Forest Decaying Trees 360 £. s. d. C. xxiii. vj. viij. 360 £. s. d. C. xxiii. vj. viij.

A. K. c. £. s.

Coppices out of Lease - 3,458 1 iiij. xxxii. v. per Annum.

We have Measured the Coppices in Rockingham Forest at xxj foote to the Pole, and all the rest at xviijf0*u, for that they are so usually sold.

The Tymber and decayinge Trees mentioned to be spared in the Forrests above named cannott wel be taken away, but at such tymes as the Coppices shal be sold, for spoyling the Underwoodes (except it be uppon Heighwayes, Rydings, Plaines, and Wasts.)

William Salter &jSrvayors appointed by the Right Ho. the Earle of ' Henrye Thorpe. J Exeter and the Lo. Stanhope.

N618.

<3

s

N* 18.

ABSTRACT of Accounts of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy, within the Forest of in the County of Northampton, from the Year 1772 to the Year

inclusive (no Timber appearing to have been felled there for the Use of the Navy between the Years 1705 and 1772); taken from the Accounts of the Surveyor General retn ’ in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue. ®

Cj3

o

'O

D

co'

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

FT

RECEIPTS:

By Navy Bills for the Value of 3,140 Oak Trees felled

for the Use of the Navy in the said Forest, from 1772 Loads. Feet.

to '786.....3,158 15

By Sale of the Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood of the said Trees

The like of the Bark thereof ——

The like of 335 Oak Trees, cut down in the said Forest for the Use of the Navy, but refused by the Purveyor, as unfit for Naval Use

The like of the Bark thereof

<0

DISBURSEMENTS:

£. s. £. s. d

Expences incurred in marking and felling the said Timber, and in the Sale

of the Lops, Tops, and Bark thereof ----- - 230 16 5

O V. r* O O O o' *

Surveyor General’s Allowance of 20$. per Day, for his Service, At-

L530 4 — tendance, and Riding Charges, in the Execution of Warrants for the

felling the said Timber - -- -- - 97

773 13 6

Surveyor General’s Poundage on Monies received, at 12 per Pound - VI VI to I

614 11 6 Discount and Brokerage of Navy Bills ----- - 238 11 10

67 13 6 Fees paid at the Treasury for Warrants and Entries, and to the Auditor

for stating and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Sur-

veyor General, for the Charges in passing the same through the several

Offices - -- 294 18 —

£. L338 8 3

j Balance of Navy Timber Account - - - 7,648 9 1

8,986 17 4 j Total 8,986 17 4

CD

o

3

a

3.

a. cr rr

<* a

r?5

«5 <»

? £.4

CO

00

0

eg'

H-

n'

0 - Q_

cr

o

o

l£*

5 g g> S 2.-S

C Q- © ? O 2

K? 19.

ABSTRACT of Accounts of Wood Sales within the Forest of Whittlexcood, in the County of for Payment of the Salaries and Allowances of the respective Officers and

Ministers of the said Forest, and for defraying the Expence of divers Works and Repairs there, and other Purposes, from the Year 1705 to the Year 1786, inclusive; taken from the Accounts of the Surveyor General, and Woodward, remaining in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue.

RECEIPTS:

By Sale of 53,215 dotard and decayed Oak and Ash Trees, and 9 Elm Trees, felled in the said Forest, within the Period of this Account, together with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood thereof, the Sum of -By 210 Loads of Oak Timber delivered to his Grace the Duke of Grafton, in 1727 and 1729, for the Repair of JVakefeld Lodge, 8cc. the Sum of By Sale of 43 Ash Trees felled by Lord Bathurst, in the Year 1739, under Pretence of Right, but claimed and recovered for His Majesty, the Sum of By Sale of the Lops, Tops, Offal Wood, and Bark of sundry Oak Trees, used in Repairs within the said Forest -

Note. — In the Years 1709 and 1710, a Quantity of Oak Timber, amounting to 480 Loads, was felled in this I orest, and de-, livened for Works at

and Woodstock, which Timber was valued at -

f.

Surplus of Disbursements - £.

2

>0

o

Total

s. d.

35/263 3 9

420 — —

18 6

125

<3

1,200 ——

37)^26 15 948 1

37,974 16 io£

4f

DISBURSEMENTS:

Expences incurred in the marking, setting out, sealing, measuring, valuing, and selling

the said Timber, and the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood thereof -Surveyor General's Allowance of 20 s.per Day, for his Service, Attendance, and Riding Charges, in the Execution of Warrants for the said Wood Sales Surveyor Generals Allowance on Monies received, at 12 per Pound -Fees paid at the Treasury for Warrants and Entries, and to the Auditor for stating and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General for the Charges of passing the same through the several Offices -

£. s. d. 878 18 ii*l

1,631 — —

1,800 11 2

1,367-

7 —

Paid the Officers and Ministers of the said Forest their respective antient Salaries and Allowances, during the Period of this Account, at 138/. 16^. 8 per Annum, and for their additional Salaries, amounting to 98/. per Annum, from the Year 1727 to the Year 1786, making together in the Whole 236/. ]6s. 8 per Annum, the Sum of ——

Paid the Woodward there his Salary of 20/. per Annum, in lieu of Poundage from the Buyers of Wood or Timber within the said Forest - -

Paid the Purlieu Ranger of the said Forest the Yearly Salary of 21/. 9$. 4 from the Time of his Appointment, in 1767, to 1786 inclusive, being 20 Years, the Sum of - -

Paid llcuhcn Capes, Deputy Surveyor there, his Salary of 25/. per Annum, for 19 Years and 36 Days - - - t

16,031 14 4»

- B540 ——

429 6 8

477 9 4

Paid for divers Works and Repairs at the several Lodges, Bridges, Drains, Sloughs, and Fences, in the said Forest, within the Period of this Account -

Paid to his Grace the Duke of Grafton, Warden of the said Forest, by virtue of His Majesty's Sign Manual, dated the 14th Day of January 1747, as of His Majesty’s free Gilt and Royal Bounty -

To 210 Loads of Oak Timber delivered to his Grace the Duke of Grafton, in 1727 and 1729, for the Repair of IVakefield Lodge, See. -Paid to his Grace the Duke of Grafton, to be by him applied towards rebuilding the old Part of the said Lodge, pursuant to a Warrant dated the 6th of July

1770

9,398 9 4

2,000 —

420 —

2,000 ——

£. s. d.

5,677 17 11

Total -

13,818 9

37,974 16 ioh

00

o

<v*

X*

si*

3:

18,478 10 Ah

to

£7=-JF*

1

185

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii.

\ N* 20.

An ACCOUNT of Timber felled in the Forest of for the Use of the Navy, between the

Year 1786 and the End of the Year 1790.

Eighlh Repmt of the Board of Laod Kcvenue.

I Gross Produce

Year. Number of Quantity in of the

Trees felled. Square Measure. Lops, Tops, Bark, and refused Trees.

Loads. Feet. £. s. d.

1787 561 608 13 > 453 4 —

1788 409 500 21 436 16 6

1789 482 501 2 604 5 6

Account not as yet']

179° 852 917 33 received from the > Deputy. J

Note. — 'This Account was wrote for some Time ago, and again on the 10th and 2lit Instant.

An ACCOUNT of all other Trees felled in the Forest of Whittlcxeood, between the Year 178b and the End of the Year 1790.

Year*

Dotard and decayed Oak and Ash Trees for Payment of Officers Salaries, &c.

Gross Produce, by Sale of the Trees, Lops, Tops, and Lark.

1787 { 392 136 Oaks'! Ash /

1788 { 311 44 Oaks'! Ash J

17S9 329' j- Oaks]

25.

I 12 Ash J

___k_______

£. s. d. 369 6 3

409 10 10

295 14 7

IfNote. — This Account was wrote for some Account not as yet rec* from the Deputy.< Time ago, and again* on the

\ ‘ 10th and 21st Instant,

John Robinson,

Surveyor General of Woods, Ac. 23d March 1791.

N* 41, Charing Cross, 4th April 17-91.

Gentlemen,

Since my Letter to you of the 23d March last, inclosing to you, at your Request, an Account of Timber felled in the Forest of JVh, for the Use of the Navy, between the Year 1786 and the End of the Year 1790; and an Account of all other Trees felled in the said Forest, in the same Period; in which Accounts the Year 1790 could not be completed for want of the Deputy’s Accqunt not -being then delivered in, I beg Leave to inform you, that I have this Day received an Account from my Deputy, whereby it appears, that the Gross Produce of the Lops, Tops, Bark, and refused Trees, felled for the Navy in the

Year 1790, amounted to the Sum of 815/. gs. 11 — And that 965 dotard and decayed Oak, and 139 Ash Trees, were felled in the said Forest, for Payment of Officers Salaries, §c. which produced by Sale thereof, and of the Lops, Tops, and Bark, the gross Sum of 363 /. 3 s.2 d.

I am,

Gentlemen,

Your most ohed* humble Serv*,

The Commissioners John

of the Land Revenue.

Vo 1,. 47

3 B

N* 21.

D

cq"

n‘

CD

Cl

Cr

o

o

c§

FT

N° 21.

Ch r+

*es

5 g w

2^4? a a.^5 c c <t o 2,

«-►* rt>

An* ACCOUNT of all the Oak and Ash Treevnon' growing in // hUtletcood Forest, surveyed between the 13th of November 1782, and the 6th of March 1783; in pursuance of an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, and by the Direction of John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, the 9th of October 1782.

OAK TIMBER.

Names of Walks. r Knees. Fit to cut. Scrubbed and unthrifty. Dotard

From 10 Feet to 49 Feet. 50 Feet and upwards 30 Feet and upwards. 3 to 9 Feet. 10 to 29 Feet. 30 Feet and upwards. VII defectiv C.

Nf* of Trees. 1 |LJ*. Feel. N° of Trees. jLdl. Feet.! NTO of Trees. j Ld\ Feet. N° of Trees. Ld1. Feet. N° of Trees. Ld*. Feet. V°of Trees. I/1’. Feet i\°Of Trees. Feci.

Hasleborough Walk - 21 10 4 7 8 38; 854 934 19 241 23 24 152 50 21 44 35 29 - -

Sholebrook - D° - 28 13 26 1 1 42 1,439 1,492 20 332 36 19 276 85 45 35 27 2 74 95 S

Wakefield - D° - 47 23 14 4 4 33 899 884 21 455 47 20 431 139 — , 43 30 4 15 38 26

Hanger - - D° - 18 8 33 - - - - 577 501 32 673 66 38 609 191 33 14 8 42 1 5 25

Slirobb - - D° - 13 6 12 - - - - 448 S93 28 144 13 13 200 67 28 j 15 10 2 -

Totals, Girt Measure 127 61 39 12 15 13 4,217 4,206 20 1,846 187 14 j 1,668 534 _yi 151 111 29 90 139 4

Add -1 - 30 44 Add \ 7 31 855 537 1 Growing Trees, 30 Feel and upward*. 151 111 29

Square Measure - 92 1 33 Njuare i" Moa- [ sure. j.a2 44 5,072 4,743 21 Girt Measure. 161 129 4

1 Add { - 2,371 35 1; 402 i: J79 37

7,115 6 Square Measure. Add 4 - 189 43

Shaken.

569 30

Storers or Saplings.

3 to 9 Feet. 10 to 29 Feet. 30 Feet A and upwards. r 2 to Feet. A 5 to 9 Feet. r 10 to 29 Feet. I 30 Feet and upwards.

X° of Trees. 1 |Ld\ 1 Feet. N° of Trees. Ld*. Feet. N° of Trees. Ld«. Feet. N*of Trees. L°\ Feet. N° of Trees. Ld\ Feet. Nu of Trees. !ir. Feet. I Mof 1 'Trees. Ld’. Feet.

43 5 7 56 21 6 33 28 10 1,692 89 36 795 102 1 696 231 25, [ 79 51 7

34 4 — 122 43 11 40 33 4 4,025 198 5 1,634 226 22 2,617 840 38J 1 85 16

11 1 18 80 29 11 41 S3 7 3,239 165 43 1,187 155 — 1,614 560 14i 220 141 28

25 3 21 126 44 18 28 21 8 1,415 79 23 1,731 227 — 2,037 676 38j 199 j 124 42

- - - 21 3 9 19 13 25 581 25 45 76 11 3 861 333 20 210 ] 134 8

113 13 46 J 405 146 3 161 j 129 4 10,932^559 t 5,423 715 26 7,825 2,642 35 855 J 537 1

Growing-

Scrubbed and unthrifty'I p.

> and

Shaken. J ', P'vard5'

Girt Measure.

Square Measure.

Browsed.

Names of Walks.

WhiUletcood Forest,

Surveyed by Mr, John Cross and Ruben Capes, with proper Assistants.

SliroLb Lodge,

6th March, 1783.

Ruben Capes.

=J

Number tf Browsed Tree*.

Oaks lilies

Total.

6,335 1?,* 82

13,61?

Trees.

HaaJeborough Walk - -

Sholebrook - D® - -

Wakefield - D° - -

Hanger - D° - -

Shrobb - - D° - -

Girt Measure -

Total Square Medsur# -

Oaks. Ashes.

N° of Trees. Jl<". Feet. F° of L<*’. Feet. 1 revs, j

708 539 8 1 1,893 S31 48

2,74 0 0. 4,86l| 953 19

1,901 2,036 10 4,696 927 49 1

453 400 7 643 90 23

533 448 22 186 S7 47

6,335 5,938 26 12,2822,341 36

dd{ - 2,969 13 Add \ -1,170 43

B,907 39 |3,5l2 29

go

Ci

CO

c

Cr-

to

to

13° Febru

187

N° 22.

After our hearty Commendations. Whereas you, y* Surveyor Generali of their Ma'* Woods on this side Trent, did in your Presement of ye 8th Instant (amongst other Things) sett forth, that in the Forrest of Whittlewood, in y* County of Northampton, there are great Quantityes of Pollard and decayed Trees titt onely for Country Uses and Firewood, and that you conceived it would be for their Ma'1 Service to cause Sales thereof to be made Annually, not exceeding y* Value of One thousand Pounds in any one Yeare: That there are sevall Walkes and Lodges in y* sd Forrest, in respect whereof y* Keepers or Pages do claime great Quantityes of Fuell Wood, which are usually taken without any Assignement, & thereby many Thousands of good Trees are lopped & polled, & sometimes topped, wch is y' Occasion that so many become dotard and decayed, & that you have forbid y* Keepers to comitt any of the like Spoiles for y* future, or take any Firewood excepting such moderate Quantityes as may be spared from old Trees that have been formerly lopt, and such onely to be taken by Assignin' of the Woodward or his Deputy, with some of the Regard, & not otherwise: And have therein further certifyed, that (the Revenue of ye Coppices in y° s'1 Forrest of Whittlewood being granted away, and the Timber Trees onely reserved to ye Crowne) it is convenient y* s" Coppices should be carefully Surveyed every Yeare before'any of them be cutt; and that where the Growth of the Underwood will admitt thereof, so many Trees may be nuinbred and markt up as are fitt to grow to Timber, & given in Charge to y* Woodward & Keeper of the Walke: And have therein also proposed that no Trees for Gates, Railcs, &c. be felled for encloseing of the said Coppices, until a Certificate be returned by you or y* Surveyor for the Time being of such Survey taken, & also of what old Trees are fitt to be cutt. All which his Ma‘r haveing been pleased to approve of, these are, pursuant to their Ma'* Letters of Privy Seale in this Behalfe, bearing Date the 28<l> of this Instant A prill, to direct & authorize you the sd Surveyor Gen11 noiv being, and ye Surveyo' for the Time being, in y* P'sence & with the Assistance of some of the principal Officers of y* sd Forrest of Whittlewood, to cause so many Pollard or decayed Trees as aforesaid (not being any of those that are or may be in any wise fitt for Shipp Timber) to be felled & cutt downe at seasonable Times within the said Forrest, & sold Yearly, as by the Sale thereof shall or may raise any Sume not exceeding One thousand Pounds p Ann. for so long Time as the same may be done without P'judice to y* said Forrest, or that Orders be given to y* contrary: And also that you ye sd Surveyor Gen11 now and for y* Time being doe take Care that y* Orders lately given by you ye said Surveyo' to the Keepers of the said Forrest as aforesaid, touching their Browse & Fuell Wood, be duely comply’d with, and that y* Regulations for felling the said Coppices, &c. be likewise duely observed.

And whereas in y* said Presenlm* of ye said Surveyo' Gen" it is conteyned, That in ye Forrest of

Lund Revenue.

Salsev, in y* said County of Nortftton the Revennuc W'"'1 Report of y* Coppices therein are all granted from the ll,c Boar'1 Crowne (the Timber Trees onely excepted) and ye immoderate Browsing in y* sd Forrest, &. Firewood taken by the Keepers there, is very prejudicial! to their Ma" Woods therein Ami you did therefore,

That as to y* cutting of the Coppices Yearely, and Allowances for Browse Sc Firewood, this Forrest, and the Keepers thereof, might be under the like Regulations as are above proposed & directed for Whittle-wood aforesaid: That y*. three Keepers Lodges are very old, and much out of Repairc, & to make the same conveniently habitable would require at least Sixty Pounds for each of the said Keeper's Lodges,

& Twenty-five Pounds for y* Page Keeper’s Ix)dge; and that the Charge thereof might be defrayed by Sale of some of the old & most defective Trees in the said Forrest of Salsey; And also, that the Keepers, after such Reparations made, should enter into Bonds to keep the said Lodges, at their owne F.xpences, in good and sufficient Repairc dureing their Abode therein, which his Ma‘r haveing also approved of.

These are, by vertue of ye sd Letters of Privy Seale, to authorize and direct you, ye Surveyo' now being, and y° Surveyo' for the Time being, to take Care that the Keepers of ye s* Forrest of Salsey doe observe in the like Orders for Browse Fuell Wood as is above ordered and directed for Whittlewood Forrest; And that ye cutting of ye Coppices therein be under the same Regulation with those of Whittlewood: And you sd Surveyo', now and for ye Time being, are hereby Further authorized Sc directed, in the P'sence & with yc Assistance of some of the principall Officers of y* said Forrest of Salsey, to fell, or cause to be felled & cutt downe, and to their Ma" best Advantage, so many of the old and most defective Trees in the said Forrest of Salsey (not being such as are or shall be fitt for Shipping) as by y* Sale thereof will raise the Surae of One hundred and Eighty Pounds towards repairing the Three Keepers Lodges; and also the Suiiie of Twenty-five Pounds for Repaive of the Page Keeper’s Lodge there; and that you expend ye same in repairing the said Lodges, and take Bond from the said Keepers respectively for maintaining the same so repaired during their Abodes therein as is above proposed: And lastly, you the said Surveyour are hereby directed to receive all yc Moneys arising by the Sales aforesaid, and to pay the same into the Receipt of y* Excheq' (except such Part thereof as is directed to be expended in the said Repaire); and you are also to render an Acco' of your Proceedings herein before their Ma" Auditor of the said County, as often as you shall be thereunto required, and least Once in every Yeare. And for so doing this, being first entered with the said Auditor, shall be your sufficient Warrant.

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, the goth Day of Aprill 1690.

To our very loveing Friend Philip Ryley, Esq', Surveyo' Genall. of their Ma" Woods Trent South.

John Lm,

Step. Fox,

T. Felham.

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard,

6th February 1792.

Chet Middleton, Jno* Call,

John Ford

VOL. 47-

13* Februa

A. 17

Ninth Report To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the Board of in Parliament assembled.

Land Revenue.

' The Ninth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

The Forest of Rockingham is situated in the Northern Part of the County of Northampton, and is esteemed to have been antiently One of the largest Forests in the Kingdom.

A.D. ia86, in In a Perambulation dated 14th of Edward the the Chapter First, it is described to extend from the Town of minster. Northampton to Sta, being in Length about Thirty-three Mile«, and from the River Nene, on the South-East, to the Rivers Welland and on the North-West, being a medium Breadth of about 1299. Eight Miles. But on a subsequent Perambulation, In the Twer, in the 27th of the same King, those Limits were

163®*

Ibid.

1642 16 Cha* .1.

much contracted by the Reduction of many new Afforestations which had been made after the Accession of Henry the Second. In the 13th of Charles the First (near 340 Years afterwards) an Attempt was made, by a new Perambulation, to revive the extensive Limits described in that of the 14th of Edward the First; but the Bounds of the Forest were finally settled by an Inquisition taken 27th September, in the 17th of Charles the First, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the preceding Year, by which it was enacted, That the Meets and Bounds of the Forests should be the same as they were com- C. »6. monly known and reputed to have been in the 20th Year of King Janies the First.

This Forest consists of Three separate Districts, called the Bailiwicks of Rockingham, Brigstock, and Clive or Cliff, situated at the Distance of Two to Four Miles from each other. Their Bounds are minutely described in the Inquisition or Perambulation of 17 th Appendix, of Charles the First, of which a Copy is annexed to ** 1.

this Report; and each Bailiwick is divided into several Walks, the Keeperships of which are held in Fee, by the Officers under named;

Bailiwicks.

Walks.

Foresters or Keepers.

Rockingham -

Brigstock

Clive or Clffe

fThe Lawn of Benefield -J The West Bailiwick, or Walk -\ Gretldn Woods and Little Weldon Woods I Weedhaxv and Thorn haw

Corby Woods - -

f Geddington Woods -

\ Farming Woods - *

{ Westhay -

Moorhay -

SulehayFernis and Shortzcood

George Finch Hatton, Esquire.

Disafforested. Earl of Upper

Earl of Exeter.

Earl of Westmorland, r-

31 August, i Ja. I.

10 July, 4 Cha. I.

25 July.

5 Cha- I.

1 May, 27 Cha. II.

Swanimote Rolls in the Tower.

The Three Bailiwicks were formerly under the Superintendance of One Warden, or Master Forester, of the whole Forest; which Office was granted in the 1st of James the First to Thomas Lord Burleigh, for Three Lives. Charles the First divided, or rather abolished that Office, and constituted Three Master Foresters of separate Districts. The Master Forester-

unconnected in respect to their Government or Management. The Election of Verderors is still continued, though their Office is become little more than nominal.

A very considerable Part of the Woods and Lands in all the Three Bailiwicks heretofore belonged to the Crown; but the greatest Part of those Possessions have ship of Rockingham Bailiwick, with Geddington Woods, been granted in Fee. It appears, however, that the was granted, in the 4th, of Charles the First, to Ed- Crown still retains, within the Limits of the Forest, App^*’ ward Lord Montagu, for Three Lives; but we have the Manors of Brigstock and King's Clffe, mentioned not found any subsequent Grant of it: That of Clffe in the Schedule of demised Estates annexed to our Bailiwick was granted in the 5th Charles the First, to First Report; the Right to feed, and Protection for Trustees for Mild may Earl of Westmorland, for Three the Deer, and other Forestrial Rights; the Lodges,

Lives, and is now held by the present Earl of West-with the Lawns and other Lands, possessed by the morland on the same Tenure: And that of Farming Hereditary Officers of the Forest, in Right of their Woods, the Patent for which was not sued out in that several Offices, subject to such Interest as those Officers have in them by virtue of the Grants under which they are held; the Soil of the open Ridings,

Plains, and other uninclosed Lands, not granted in Fee, subject to the Feed of the Deer, and the Cattle of the Commoners; and the Oak Trees of a certain

Reign, was granted in the 27th of Charles the Second to Sir John Robinson, for Three Lives, and is now held by the Earl of Upper Ossory.

The other Officers of this Forest, in the Reigns of James the First and Charles the First, besides the W ar-

den, were a Lieutenant, Four Verderors, a Ranger of Description within the Walk of Sulehay Ferms and the Forest, and Under Ranger of each Bailiwick, a Bow Bearer, Master Keepers, and Under Keepers of the respective Walks, and Twelve Regarders for each Bailiwick, besides Woodwards and Under Woodwards. One Court of Swanimote was held for the Two Baili-

Shortwood, as will be more fully stated in the subsequent Part of this Report.

We have not thought it necessary to have an Admeasurement and Plan taken of any Part of this Forest; but in order that the Rights of the Crown, and the Gran-

wicks of Rockingham and Brigstock, and another for tees of the Hereditary Offices, may be the better un-the Bailiwick of Clffe. derstood, and the Legislature enabled to judge what

But since the Abolition of the Office of Warden, Measures may be expedient to be adopted respecting the and the Discontinuance of the Forest Courts, of which Forest, we shall give a short Account of the Contents of none appear to us to have been held for this Forest each Bailiwick, and a Statement of the Grants under since the Reign of Charles the First, the Forest has which those Offices are held beginning with been principally under the Care of the Hereditary

Keepers; and the Three Bailiwicks have been wholly ROCKINGHAM

13° Februarii.

Appendix,

N‘3-

5 July. <i5 Eliz.

Appendix,

N*4.

i7Aug.1719.

189

ROCKINGHAM BAILIIVICK.

The Bailiwick of Rockingham comprises divers extensive Woods in the Parishes of Cottingham,

Great and Little Oakley, GLittle and

Corby, reputed to contain about 3,500 Acres, a large open Plain called Rockinghamshire, and several smaller

Plains, containing together about 560 Acres, and an inclosed Lawn, called Benefield Lawn, containing about 384 Acres.

The Woods and Plains within this Bailiwick belong to the Earls of Harcourt and Cardigan, Lord Sondes, George Finch Hatton, Esquire, and other Proprietors; and are subject to the Feed of the Deer, and Commonable to the adjacent Towns and Parishes.

The Lawn of Benefield, and the Keeperships of the several Walks, are held by Mr. Hatton, by virtue of a Grant in Fee to Sir Christopher Hatton, in the 25th of Queen Elizabeth, of The Custody of her Lawn of Benefield, and the Office of Page and Groom Keeper of that Lawn, and of her Deer within the same; the Offices of Keeper of the Outwoods called Thornhawe, haxve otherwise Wadehawe, and Corby Woods, and of Gretton Woods, and the West Bailiwick, within the Bailiwick of Rockingham; the Custody and Governance of the Deer within the said Lawn, Woods and Bailiwicks; and all Wages and other Profits thereto belonging; and the House called The Lazcn Lodge-, but reserving Power for the Warden of the Forest to occupy the same so long as he should remain there to superintend the Forest, and not otherwise: And also the Herbage and Pannage of the said Lawn of Benefield, with divers Privileges and Powers mentioned in the Grant, of which a Copy is annexed to this Report; and the Grantee covenanted to pay all Keepers Fees, and perform all necessary Repairs of the Premisses for ever.

The Lawn of Benefield is a Tract of Pasture Land in the Nature of a Park, inclosed and set apart for the Feeding of the Deer, and not subject to any Right of Common. The Grant of the Herbage and Pannage thereof entitled the Grantee to the Surplus Herbage above what might be necessary for the Sustenance of the Deer; and it appears to have been possessed in that Manner by the Hatton Family until about the Year 1718; when Lord Hatton presented a Petition to the King, representing that the Lawn produced no Profit to the Crown, except a small Number of Deer, and praying a Grant to disafforest the same.

In Consequence of that Petition a Commission was issued under the Great Seal, and an Inquisition taken on Oath, by which it was found that the said Lawn contained 237 Acres of Pasture Land, Forest Measure, (which at 21 Feet to the Pole is equal to about 384 Acres Statute Measure) " And that the Issues and

" Profits Annually accruing to the King from every N* 5.

" Acre thereof (Forest Measure) were of the clear " Annual Value, beyond Reprizes, of F'our Pence, and " no more."

And in the following Year a Grant was made to 14 April,

Henry Hoar, Esquire, in Trust for Lord Hatton, of 1721'"

" All the Annual and other Issues and Profits accruing to the Crown out of the said Lawn," for a Term of 31 Years from the Date, under a Rent of 3/. 19 j. per Annum, being the Amount of the estimated Value of Four Pence per Acre; with Clauses, authorizing the Grantee to inclose the La\vn with Hedges and Ditches, and convert it to Tillage or any other Uses; and declaring that it should, during that Term, be wholly disafforested; and that the Grantee should hold it free from all Custody and Depasturation of Deer and Wild Beasts whatsoever, by the King, or any claiming under him.

This Grant expired in the Year 1751, and has not been renewed; but the Rent of 3/. ipj. was paid to the Crown until the Year 1783, and was then discontinued.

Mr. Hatton informs us that the Powers given by this Grant to cultivate the Lawn, were not carried into Effect, it being found of more permanent Value remaining as Pasture Land. The Lawn, however, has been divided, and fenced with Quickset Hedges; and is stocked with Cattle and Sheep, by Mr. s

Tenants, but the Deer are not excluded.

We are not enabled to state what Stock of Deer are kept within this Bailiw'ick, nor how' many are Annually killed; nor are we informed what Keepers are employed, or what Wages, or other Charges, are paid by the Grantee, Mr. Hatton having declined answering our

Tv © ©

Enquiries on those Subjects.

The Number of Deer supplied from thence for the Use of the Crown, has been different at different Periods. — In 1614, Eight Bucks were served for the Use Swnnimote of the Royal Household, and Four for other Persons, by 12 Ja-Warrants of the King; in 16<31, the Numbers were j0‘^elrhe Eight Bucks for the King’s Use, and One for the Mas- Appendix, ter of the Household; and in 1704, Five Brace and a N°

Half of Bucks, and the like Number of Does, of which One Brace were served from the Lawn of Benefield-, but on the temporary Disafforestation of the Lawn, in 1720, that Supply was discontinued; and no Deer have since been served from thence, though the Grant has been expired more than Forty Years, and the Payment of the Rent is discontinued. The Supply was, consequently, reduced to 41 Brace, which are the Numbers still sent from this Bailiwick to the Royal Larder; N°7* besides which, Mr. Hatton informs us, there are Annually supplied,

BUCKS, DOES,

Brace. Brace.

To the Chief Justice in Eyre, and his Secretary (One each) 1 1

To the Deputy Lieutenant of the Forest - - 2 2

To the Verderors, Two Brace each - 8 8

Which, with those now served for the Use of the Household, being 4 i 41

— make the whole Number supplied for the Use of the Crown, and the

Forest Officers - 151 151

We have been the more particular in stating the Number of Deer which have been served for the Use of the Crown, and the Authorities from which our Information is derived, purposely to shew that the Numbers have varied at different Periods, contrary to an Opinion of Mr. Hatton, who supposed the Number to have been Vot. 47.

uniformly the same as it now is, from the Date of the Grant in 25th Elizabeth; and inferred from thence, that the Claims of the Crown were limited, by that supposed Usage, to the present Supply of 41 Brace of Bucks, and the same Number of Does.

3 C

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

BRIGS TOOK BAILIWICK.

of the Hoard of This Bailiwick, which is the least of the Three Di-Land Revenue, visions, comprehends that Part of the Town and Fields

x. ----- --- >of Geddington, which lies to the North of the River 1st;

certain Woods, called Woods, containing

about 700 Acres; the Town and Part of the Fields of Brigstock; the Woods called Farming Woods, containing also about 700 Acres; and a Lodge called Farming

Lodges, Closes, inclosed Lawns, open Plains, and Ridings; and all Deer, and Wild Beasts whatsoever; and declaring that the said Walk should be a free Chase in itself for the keeping of Deer, distinct from the Forest of Rockingham, and be wholly disafforested for ever.

After the passing of that Grant, we apprehend the Crown had no farther Rights remaining in Geddington Walk.

Appendix, N° 8.

N° 10.

26 Feb. 3 Glia. I.

The Office of Page or Groom Keeper of Farming Woods Lodge, with an inclosed Lawn adjacent to it, said Woods Walk was granted in Fee, in the 3d of Charles 25 February, to contain about 200 Acres. the First, to John Lord Mordaunt, afterwards Earl of 3 Cha. I.

The Coppices in Geddington Woods and Fanning Peterborough, and is now held by the Earl of Upper Woods were granted in Fee in the Reign of Charles the Qssory.

First, and now belong to the Earls of Cardigan and Lord also holds, by virtue of a Grant for

Upper Ossory. The Manor of Brigstock, as we have Three Lives, the Offices of Master Forester of Farm-before observed, is held under Lease from the ing W, and Supervisor of the Vert and Venison,

Receiver of all Fines and Amerciaments for Offences within the same, and Receiver of all Rents called Castle Ward Rents, the Office of Bailiff of Brigstock, except of Geddington Woods, with the Herbage and

Crown.

Brigstock Bailiwick contains the Two Walks of Geddington Woods and Farming Woods.

The Keepership of Geddington Woods Walk was Pannage of the Lawn called The New Lawn* of

granted in the 3d of Charles the First to Edward Lord Montagu in Fee; and that Walk remained Part of the Forest until the Year 1676, when Lord Montagu presented a Petition to Charles the Second, reciting the Grant of the Coppices from Charles the First, reserving

Appendix, N° 9-

Faming , the Hundred of Orlingbury and lesey, and the Profits and Rents of Sheriff s Aid: The Offices of Steward and Bailiff of that Hundred, and all Courts Leet, View of Frankpledge, and Sheriff’s Turn within the same; and all Amerciaments, Fines, the Herbage for the Feed of the Deer, and all Mines; Privileges, Jurisdictions, and Emoluments, Goods and and also the Grant of the Keepership in Fee; and Chattels of Felons, Fugitives, Felons of themselves, representing that, " besides the Herbage and Mines and Outlaws, Waifs and Strays, arising within the said " excepted by that Grant, there were still remaining to Hundred; and there are granted to him the Wages of " His Majesty, the Deer, the Lodges, a little Lawn of 3 /. 6 s. 8 per , for the Execution of those

" Ten Acres in Severalty, and the Ridings and Plains Offices, and 3 d. per Day for the Ranger’s Fee, to be " which were Commonableand praying the King paid out of the Issues and Profits of the Lands and " to grant to him the Game of Deer, and the Rents of the Forest and Castle of Rockingham, and the " Lodges, Lawn, Ridings, and Plains; and that the Castle Ward Rents; with Power to appoint a Ranger " same, together with the Woods and Coppices, might within Farming Woods, and a Clerk or Steward of the " be turned into a free Chase, and granted to him Swanimote Court, to be held there; and there " and his Heirs, discharged from the Forest and Forest " Laws."

In consequence of that Petition, and after an Examination of the Nature and Value of the Grant had been made by the Order of the Lord Treasurer, by Sir Charles Harbor'd,then Surveyor General of the Crown

Lands (who reported " that the Lodges, Lawn,

" Ridings and Plains, together with the Game of " Deer, were still in the Crown, that the Lodges " and Lawn did not contain above 13 Acres of

is a

Clause in the Patent granting to the Master Forester, for the Exercise of the Offices of Keeper and Supervisor of Vert and Venison, all Deer-fallen Wood, Wind-fallen Wood, Vermin Trees, and Coppice Hedges within Farming Woods aforesaid.

This Office was first granted, as we have before observed, in the 27th of Charles the Second, to Sir John Robinson, Bart, for Three Lives. It has since been renewed to the successive Possessors of Farming Woods;

17 January, 28 Cha. II.

and was last granted, in the Year 1772, to the Earl of Ground inclosed and in Severalty, and the Ridings, Upper Ossory for 09 Years, if the then Earl Gower, Plains and Roads, within and between the Woods (now Marquis of Stafford) Lord Ossory, or Richard and Coppices, not above 190 Acres of Commonable Fitzpatrick, Esquire, should so long live.

Ground, wherein His Majesty had only the Right Lord Ossory has, with the utmost Candour, commu-of Soil, and Feeding for his Deer") a Grant was nicated to us his Ideas of the Profits on the one Side,

and the Expences on the other, resulting from the Possession of the Offices he holds, and the Existence of the Forest Rights, as they stand at present.

tt August, 1772-

Appendix, N" 11.

made to the said Lord Montagu, his Fleirs and Assigns, for ever, of the whole Walk of Geddington Woods, with the Ground and Soil thereof, and the

The Stock of Deer kept there enables Lord Ossory to kill Annually 34 Bucks and as many Does; of which Number there are served for the Use of the Royal Household, by Warrants from the Board of Green Cloth -To one of the Verderors of the Forest ——

And there is a Claim of another Composition Venison allowed to the Proprietors of Neighbouring Grounds and Purlieus, for Liberty to hunt back the Deer, without which Permission, it is said, the Stock could not be supported ——

Remaining at the Disposal of Lord Ossory

Rucks. Dr.es.

4 4

1 1

8 8

13 1.3

21 21

34 34

Note. Ip the more ancient Grants of this Herbage and Pannage, the Expression is, u Ilerbagium et Pannagiinn de le Land, vocat’ u the New Land de Farming Woods which in the modern Grants has been rendered, " the Land called the New Land of Farming Woods.' But the Words Landa, Launda, and le Land or Lande, are used in Forest Records to signify a Lawn: Vide the Grants of the Keeper-ships of the Lawns of Benefield} Moorhay. and Westhay, in the Appendix, N#4. 13. 15.

Estimated

ie

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii.

191

Estimated Value thereof in Money.

21 Bucks, at 4/. each ——

21 Does, at il. 10 s.each -

Expences attending the Keepership.

Keeper and Under Keeper’s Wages, at the lowest Keepers Lodge, Repairs, and Taxes -

Prosecutions of Deer Stealers, and other Incidental Charges -Hay for the Deer ——

£. s.

£. 84 31 10 —

115 10 —

£. s. d.

- - 50

- - 20

- 10

45

£. 125

The Expences therefore exceed the Profits of the Keepership, by about 9/. io$.

The Office of Receiver of Fines and Amerciaments, for Offences in Farming Woods, and that of Bailiff of Brigstock, produce nothing. As Receiver of

Castle Ward Rents, his Lordship receives Annually 7/. 8tf. 6d.

The Profits of the Hundred of and

lescy, consist of Rents called Sheriff’s Aid, amounting Annually to 6/. 17 d.6d. collected with Difficulty, and the Expences of Collection, and of holding Courts, equal to the Value.

The Wages or Fees of 36 s. 8 per Annum, and 3d. per Day, directed to be paid out of the Revenues of the Forest and Castle of itockingham, are never paid.

The Profits of Lord Ossorys Grant appear therefore, from his own Account, to stand thus:

Profits by Castle Ward Rents - 7 8 6

Loss by Keeperships - - - 910 —

But in this Statement nothing is reckoned for the Value of the Lawn of Farming Woods, which is held by Lord Ossory as Hereditary Keeper; nor for the ' Herbage and Pannage of that Lawn, which is granted by the Patent for Three Lives.

CLIFFE BAILIWICK.

This is the largest Division of the Forest, and comprehends Four extensive Tracts of Wood Land, namely, West hay Woods, belonging to the Earl of;

Moor hay Woods, belonging to the Earl of Westmorland, Eai'l's Woods, in Moorhay Walk, the Property of the Reverend Abraham Blackborne and others; and Suleliay Woods, belonging also to the Earl of Westmorland, except the Timber of a certain Description hereafter specified. Those Woods, with the Open Plains and

40 Bucks, at 31, each -36 Does, ati/. io*.

Deductions.

3 Bucks served to the Crown -3 Does - - D*

Keeper’s Salary *-

Expence of Hay -

Wastes adjoining, and Two inclosed Lawns called Moorhay Lawn and Sulehay Lawn, held by Lord Westmorland, in Right of the Keepership of those Walks, contain together, according to the annexed Extract from an ancient Survey of this Bailiwick, about 4,582 Acres, Statute Measure. The Town and Fields of King's Cliffe, except Cliffe Park, and Part of the

Towns and Fields of Duddington, Apethorpe, Newton, Nassington, and Yarn 'ell, are also comprised within the

Limits of this Bailiwick, but the Woods and Lands above mentioned are the Parts which are chiefly subject to the Haunt and Feed of the Deer.

The Bailiwick of Cliffe contains the Three Hays or Walks before named; viz.

West hay,

Moorhay, and

Sulehay Ferms, and Shortzvood.

The Office of Forester and Keeper of is held

by the Earl of Exeter, under a Grant in Fee, in the 4th of Charles the First, to William Cooper, Esquire; on the Condition of exonerating the Crown from the Payment of any Fees out of the Exchequer, to the Keeper of that Lawn.

The Stock of Deer in Westhay Walk, which is detached from the Walks of Moorhay and Sulehay, is computed to be about 500. The Number killed Annually is about 40 Bucks and 36 Does, of which Three Bucks and Three Does are served Yearly for the Use of the Royal Household; and it is said the Number has been immemorially the same.

Lord Exeter informs us, That he appoints One Keeper for this Walk, at 40/. per Annum, and provides Hay for the Deer, which costs Annually about 60/. From hence his Lordship's Profits are computed to stand thus:

£.s. d.

- - 120 £. s. d.

- - 54 174

9

- - 4 10 —

40 60 n3 t n

10 —

Neat Profit - £. 60 10 —

The Districts of Moorhay and Sulehay are possessed by the Earl of Westmorland, whose Interest appears to be nearly the same in both, except as to the Timber in Sulehay, which is reserved to the Crown.

VOL. 47.

The Office of Forester or Keeper of the Lawn of Moorhay, and of all the Woods, Deer, and Wild Beasts, with the Houses or Lodges thereto belonging, were granted in Fee, in the 4th of Charles the First,

Ninth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

Appendix, N° 12.

4 April, 4 Clia. I. Appendix, N° 13.

Appendix, N* 14.

30 May,

4 Cha* I. Appendix, Nf 15.

Ninth Report to Nicholas Pay, Esquire, and Clement Bellamy, Gentle- the Payment of those Fees and Wages on the Revenues

of the Board of man, Trustees ior Francis Earl of Westmorland', upon of the Castle and Forest of Rockingham, which are Land Revenue. jj^g Condition of exonerating the Crown from the also granted in Fee.

v J Payment of any Fees to the Keeper of the said Lawn These Inconsistencies may perhaps have arisen from

out of the Exchequer. adhering too closely to the Forms of antient Grants,

And the Office of Forester or Keeper of the Walk made at a Time when those Offices and Privileges

of Sulehay Fermsand Shortzcood, was granted in Fee, were in the Disposal of the Crown: But from the 29 Jan. in the 3d and 4th of Philip and Mary, to Sir Walter Changes which have taken Place in consequence of

3&4P.&M. Mildmay, afterwards Earl of Westmorland, with all subsequent Grants, the Office of Master Forester of

A£P*"g‘x’ W'ages and Fees anciently belonging to that Office; but this Bailiwick seems to have become of little Value;

by a subsequent Grant to Sir Walter Mildmay, of the and none of the Salaries granted by the Patent are

Coppices in Sulehay, the Crown was exonerated from ever paid.

the Payment of Fees to the Keeper of that Walk. After the passing of the Grants of the Ivceperships of

Besides the Hereditary Offices of Keeper of Moor- Sulehay and Moorhay, the Crown received Supplies of

hay and Sulehay, Lord Westmorland has a Grant for Deer from both Districts, probably with no material

Three Lives, of the Office of Master Forester of the Variation in the Number, until the Year 1719. In

Bailiwick of Cliffe, and of the several Walks called 1661 and 1704, the Numbers served were Four Brace Appendix,

Wzslhay, Tottenhoe, and Elmer Riding, Varies Wood, of Bucks, and the same N umber of Does; and in

(or Earl's Wood) and Nezohazv, Harrishazv, Crazcley, 1718, the Number of Bucks sent to the King’s Larder,

and Blackmerethick (all of which, except Westhay, are was stated by the then Earl of Westmorland to be Five

Subdivisions of Moorhay); also the Office of Supervisor Brace Annually.

of the Herbage and Hunting of the Woods within Cliffe In the Year 1718 the Earl of Westmorland presented

Bailiwick, and Receiver of all Fines and Amerciaments a Petition to the King, representing that the Charge N* 17.

for Offences committed there; with Power to appoint of paying Keepers, providing Hay for the Deer, and

Rangers and other Officers, and a Clerk or Steward of repairing Lodges and Fences, was and had been a the Swanimote Courts to be held there; and there are great Burthen on him and his Family; and that though granted by the Patent, for the Wages and Fees of the frequent Applications had been made for an Allow-Master Forester, 3/. 6.5. 8 d. a Year; for the Ranger, ance of Money to defray those Charges, which of Right 30$. a Year; for the Keepers of each of the Walks, belonged to them, they had never been able to obtain lirf. per Day; and for the Steward of the Swanimote any; and praying that in Consideration of the small Court, 25 s.a Year; which are directed to be paid out Advantage accruing to the Crown, and that his Woods of the Revenues of the Castle and Forest of Rocking- were then almost entirely destroyed, the King would ham: There are also granted to the Master Forester, be pleased to grant him the Deer, and that the Woods as Supervisor of the Woods, all Deer-fallen Woods, should be declared Free Hay, and discharged from Wind-fallen Wood, Vermyn Trees, and Coppice the Privileges reserved; or, if that should be thought Hedges, within the said Bailiwicks and Walks. too much, that the King would give an Order to the

These Offices of Master Forester of Cliffe Bailiwick, Treasury for the Annual Payment of the Expences of &c. were first granted separately, in the 5th of Charles keeping up that Part of the Forest, and reimburse the First, as mentioned in the former Part of this Report, him the Monies which he had laid out for that to Trustees for the then Earl of Westmorland, for Three Service.

Lives; and have since been successively renewed to the The Petition of Lord Westmorland was referred to Westmorland Family to the present Time. The last the joint Consideration of the Surveyors General of the June 1776. Grant was made in the Year 1776, to the present Earl Crown Lands and Woods; who gave it as their Opi-of Westmorland, for the Lives of himself, and of the nion, that if His Majesty should think fit to grant the Honourable Thomas Fane and Henry Fane. Deer, and make the Woods and Lands Free Hay, as

On comparing this Grant with the other Grants of desired, an Inquisition should be taken to know the Offices and Rights in the Bailiwick of Cliffe, it appears Value of the Reservations, in order to reserve, upon a that it purports to convey to the Master Forester Grant thereof, such a Rent as was required by the Powers and Advantages which have long been trans- Civil List Act of the 1st of Queen Anne; and that the ferred from the Crown. It gives him the Power of best Advantage ought to be made of His Majesty’s 0 appointing a Keeper of Westhay Walk, which is held in Demesnes, if any remained ungranted within those Fee by the Earl of Exeter', and Keepers of the several Walks; and that the Crown should be discharged from Walks in Moorhay, held by the Earl of Westmorland the Payment of any Wages or other Allowances, on himself, on the same Tenure. It grants the Perquisites Account of the Vert and Venison there.

of Deer-fallen Wood, Wind-fallen Wood, Vermyn An Inquisition was accordingly taken in the follow- October Trees, and Coppice Hedges, in Woods and Coppices ing Year, by which it was found that the Lands in >7>9-long since granted away, and Wages for the Keepers the Possession of the Earl of Westmorland, in Moorhay, of all those Districts, from which the Crown was exo- and Sulehay, subject to the Right of Herbage and iterated, on granting the Offices in Fee; and it charges Browse for the Deer, consisted of

Divers Coppices within those Walks, containing by Estimation

{Moorhay Lawn -

Sulehay Lawn -

5 Pieces belonging to the Keepers in Moorhay Lands uninclosed in Moorhay and Sulehay - -

Forest Statute

Measure. Measure.

Acres. Acres.

- M47 2,343

- - 200 323

- - 50 80

- " 27 43

" 150 242

1,874 3,031

The Herbage and Deer Browse of which Lands was valued by the Jury at One Penny per Acre, Forest Measure, amounting to 7 /. 5 5. 3 d.per Annum.

And

13° Febru

193

€ March And in the same Year a Lease or was ma(|e

>7«9* to the Earl of Westmorland of the Herbage Deer Browse of all chose Lands, for 31 Years, at a Rei.

21. 8 s.!yd. per Annum, being One Third Part of the estimated Value of One Penny per Acre, of Forest Measure, and less than a Farthing per Acre Statute Measure: And Clauses were inserted in the Grant, exempting the Woods and Lands from all Forest Rights, Liberties, and Privileges; declaring them Free Hay during the Term, and granting all the Deer and Wild Beasts to the Earl of Westmorland, without Account, on Condition of exonerating the Crown from all Forest Charges concerning the Premisses.

On a Review of this Proceeding, the Circumstances attending it cannot but appear extraordinary. The Earl of Westmorland represented to the Crown, that the Charge of paying Keepers, and other Expences concerning the Forest, had been a great Burthen on him and his Family, and that they had a Right to be reimbursed; though the Offices were granted to his Ancestors on the express Condition of paying the Wages of the Keepers, and were accompanied with Grants of Woods and Lands of very great Value. Nor is it easy to discover on what Grounds the Herbage and Deer Browse were valued at only One Penny per Acre. It could not have been proportioned to the Damage done by the Deer, for Lord Westmorland represented his Woods to be almost entirely destroyed; nor to the Supply of Deer served for the Use of the Crown, for it hardly amounted to the Value of a single Brace of Bucks. One Consideration of the Grant was the discharging the Crown from all Forest Charges, from which the Crown was, in Fact, exempted by former Grants: And though the Suggestions of the Officers to whom Lord Westmorland’s Memorial was referred were followed, so far as was necessary for complying, in Appearance, with the Requisitions of the Act of the 1st of Queen Anne, in reserving a Third Part of the Annual Value as a Rent, yet the Advice they gave, to make the best Advantage of His Majesty’s Dem'esnes, was not attended to; and the valuable Lawns of Moorhay and Sulekay, containing near 400 Acres of Pasture Land, not subject to any Right of Common, and reserved for the Feeding of the King’s Deer, became discharged of that Incumbrance, and the full and undivided Possession of them was transferred to the Grantee, for the Consideration of less than a Farthing an Acre, Statute Measure.

The serving of Deer from Moorhay and Sulehay was of course discontinued from the Time of obtaining that Grant, which was afterwards successively renewed to the Earls of Westmorland, to make up the Term

to 31 Years, until the Year 1782, when Lord Westmorland surrendered the Term then in being, and obtained a Lease of the Herbage and Deer Browse for the «ame Three Lives for which the Office of Master Forester is '-Id.

In Consequence of these Grants, the Crown receives the Walk3 of Moorhay and Sulehay no other Return tw,n the sman Rent Qf 2l. 8$. 5 a Year; but when the '..gt mentioned Grant shall expire, we apprehend ,"lfc lights will revert again to the State they were in before >. a passing of the first Grant of the Herbage and Deer x-owsej in the Year 1719.

Though it seems to -,ve heen the Intention of the Earl of Westmorland, on *Sniying for that Grant, to remove the Deer from his owr%°00ds, which he was thereby empowered to do, a n; ti],

kept, both in Moorhay and , tfa R of

which probably is, that those Woods b" „ Commonable to the neighbouring Parishes, the Cu.,e cqujj

03

not be excluded from them beyond the usua.

Tjme

after each Cutting, without the Consent of the Co moners: And that the Removal of the Deer, before making an Arrangement with them, would have no other Effect than leaving a greater Portion of the Herbage for the Cattle of the Commoners, without acquiring any Advantage to the Owner of the Woods in Return.

We know not what Stock of Deer is maintained within those Walks, nor how many Keepers are employed, or what Expence is incurred, in the Care of them. Lord Westmorland, considering the Deer to be his absolute Property, as undoubtedly they are during the Continuance of that Grant, has declined answering our Enquiries on those Subjects.

From the Account we have given of the State of each Bailiwick, so far as regards the Forest Offices, and Forestrial Rights, it appears that the Offices of Forester or Keeper of the several Walks are granted in Fee, and the Crown exonerated from the Payment of Wages to the Keepers; and that those of Master Forester of Clijfc Bailiwick, and Farming Woods, which are held for Lives, are now little more than honorary; that the Walk of Geddinglon Woods is disafforested, atul granted in Perpetuity, without Exception or Reservation of any Kind to the Crown; that the Walks of Moorhay and Sulehay (except Earl’s Woods in Moorhay,) are in Effect disafforested for Three Lives, for the Consideration of 2/. 8 s.5d. a Year; and that the Deer supplied from the other Walks for the Use of the Royal Household, are only Eight Brace of Bucks, and the same Number of Does, Yearly;

From Rockingham Bailiwick -Farming Woods Walk -Westhay Walk -

Brace

The Grantees of those Offices are not inclined to admit that the Crown has any other Right or Interest remaining in the Forest (the Timber in Sulehay Walk excepted) than a Right to a Continuation of those Supplies of Deer- In particular, it is contended by Mr. Hatton, " that the Crown has not now any farther Claim upon the Bailiwick of Rockingham, except for the usual and limited Number of Deer, " which he serves to the Crown and the Forest Officers; and that all the other Profits arising from " his Grant, whether in Deer, Herbage, Pannage, or " otherwise, are altogether his own, without Reservation or Deduction of any Kind; and that the Vo l. 47.

Bucks. Does.

- - - 4k 4k

- - - 2 2

- - " 1 1

- - - 8 8

" Crown is restricted or precluded from claiming any Thing beyond what has been usually and constantly " received from thence."

How far the Claims of the Parties are well founded it is not for us to determine; but judging from the Proceedings on the Disafforestation of Geddinglon Woods Walk, and the obvious Analogy between the Case of other Hereditary Keepers, and that of Lord Montagu, at, the Time of his Application for the Grant of 1676, we are led to infer that the Deer, the Lodges, with the Lawns and other Lands held in Right of the Keeperships, and the Soil of the uninclosed Lands, not expressly granted in Fee, still 3 D remain

13° j Februa

A. 1792 v

remain the Property of the Crown in all the other Walks, of as they were then admitted to be in

though the Keepership of that Walk had been before granted in Fee.

If a Claim of an Hereditary Keeper of a For^1- to supply a limited Number of Deer for the Use of the Crown, could be maintained in any Case, on Ground of the Number served having been inv*lI^bly the same, we apprehend that the Proof of the'1>fumber® Supplied having been different at differed fishes» would defeat such a Claim in regard to the Janets of itigham Bailizcick, Moorhay, and e But, besides that there dr? »* "PP* " be in those Instances any rom-®1®’ a P1"® <* Prescription, we conceive/.® the Description given of the Nature and D„> of‘he lorester;

Kpfan^r hV Writ^ of the greatest Authority on those

SnbErh; »n^rom the Terms of the Grants of the

Keepersb*'* ‘n Forest, that the Right of( the

Crowr cannot be confined to a limited Number of

j)^r. " The Authority of Foresters and Keepers of the King’s Forests," (says " was only to

' " preserve and keep the Deer for the King, and for

" his Use; and not to kill or hunt any Deer, except

" they have sufficient Warrant from the King so to do,

" or from his Justice in Eyre." And again: " Such

" an Officer may not kill or destroy any Beasts of Venery, without good Warrant for the same; for if he

" do, it is Cause of Forfeiture of his Office." And

Lord Coke says, "that Twelve Jurors ought to present before the Justices in Eyre the Number of Deer which had been killed since the last Eyre, and

" then the Chief Forester is to answer by what Warrant the same were killed; and such Warrants as

" were lawful ought to be allowed, and such as were

" unlawful disallowed." The Grants of the Keeper-

ships in this Forest invested the Grantees with the

Office of Keeper, the Custody and Governance of the

Deer, and the Profits thereto belonging. They neither

' O

conveyed a Right to the Deer, nor altered the Nature or Duty of the Office, but only prolonged its Duration. The Object of the Grants was the Custody and Preservation of the Deer; and the Patents conveyed no farther Powers than those of a Keepership in Fee; we therefore apprehend, that the Deer within those Parts of the Forest where the Custody only, and not the Property of them, has been granted, still belong to the Crow'n, without any Limitation, either as to the Number to be kept there, or the Number to be served for the Use of the Crow n.

It farther appears, from the foregoing Statements, that some of the Hereditary Officers of this Forest, possess Lands of considerable Extent and Value in Right of their Offices. In Rockingham Bailizcick, Mr. Hatton holds the Lawn of Benc/ield, containing about 384 Acres, under the Grant of the Keepership; f Herbage and Pannage thereof in Fee. In

Bailizcick, Lord Ossory holds the Lawn of Farming Woods, mentioned to contain about Two hundred Acres, as Keeper in Fee; and the Herbage and Pannage for Three Lives. In Cliffe Bailizcick, the Lawn of Moorhay, containing 316 Acres, and that of Side-hay, containing 51 Acres, are held by Lord Westmorland as Keeper in Fee of those Walks; and the Herbage and Deer Browse of those Lawns for Three Lives; and there are some small Inclosures occupied by the Under Keepers in each District. Those Lawns being inclosed, and appropriated to the Feeding of the Deer, and not subject to any Right of Common, seem to us to be in the Nature of Parks; and, as the best Explanation we can offer of the Nature of the Interests appertaining to the Crown and the Grantees in those Lands, we shall state what appears to have been, the Construction formerly put on Grants of a similar Nature.

In a C- to the Opinion of alb the

Judp*- ’ King James the First, after Conference! 1 p.a ‘ mature Deliberation, it was resolved by them all, "That he that hath Herbage and Pannage of a Coke,4Inst. " Park, by the Grant or Demise of the King, or any Pa. 299.

" Other, cannot take any Herbage or Pannage but of " the Surplusage over and above the competent and

" sufficient Pasture and Feeding of the Game; and if " the Owner of the Game suffer the Game so to iftcrease, as there is no Surplusage, then he that hath " Herbage and Pannage cannot pat any Beasts in the " Park."

In 1664, Lord Willoughby having a Grant of the Custody, Herbage and Pannage of Park, in

Nottinghamshire, Sir Jeffery Palmer', then Attorney General, gave his Opinion thereon as follows: " I Appendix,

" conceive that by this Grant, the Lord Willoughby N*l8, A’

" hath an Interest in the Office of Keepership, with " all the usual Fees belonging to it; and hath an Interest in the Surplusage of the Herbage, over and " above the Sustenance and Feeding of the Game, so " long as the Park continues a Park: But the King " may increase the Deer; and if there be no Surplusage,

" he that hath the Herbage cannot put in any Beasts;

" and if the King do dispztrk the Park (as he may) both " the Office of Custody, and the Interest in the Herbage, zcill thereby determine; yet in such Cases it hath

" been held reasonable to give Compensation for the " Custody and Herbage."

And Sir Charles Harbord, then Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, in a Report on the same Case of N° 18. B. Lord Willoughby, states what Compensation had been

given, in similar Instances, to the Grantees of Custody,

Herbage and Pannage of Parks disparked: " I do not " conceive that a Grant of the Custody of a Park,

" with the Herbage and Pannage thereof, doth " amount to a Right to all the Profits, in case " the Deer be destroyed; but ought to be apportioned, as hath been done in some such Cases, to a " Third Part, and under the late Usurpation to a " Fifth Part only of the Whole, as in the Case of " Clarendon Park, See. And in some Cases, where " the Park hath been disparked, and disfranchised,

" the Interest of the Herbage hath been lost, without " any Recompence given to tire Grantee, as in some of " the Parks of the Honor of &c. but in

" some of the Parks of the Honor of Grafton, the "Grantees of the Custody, and Herbage and Pannage,

" have been allowed more than the Moiety' of the full " Value, in Recompence of their Interest, during the " Term of their respective Grants."

None of the Grants under which the Offices in this Forest are held contain any Condition, which abridges the Power of the Crown, either to increase the Stock of Deer, or to disafforest the same. The Grants were made subject to those Powers; and the Case of dington Woods is an Instance of the Exercise of them.

The Acceptance by Lord Hatton, and the Earl of Westmorland, of Grants of Disafforestation for Terms of Years or Lives, are farther Admissions of the Right; and the Lands being subject to the Exercise of those Powers, we humbly apprehend, that on a fair Estimation of the Rights of the Crown, and of the Grantees, those Considerations would have material Influence.

The Coppices in the disterent Districts of this Forest are cut at different Ages. In Rockingham rack and Sulehay Walk, the Thne of cutting is when the Underw'ood is at 16 Years Growth; and in stock Bailizcick, and the Walks of Moorhay and Westhay, at 18 Years. After each Cutting the Coppices are inclosed, to exclude the Cattle of the Commoners for Seven Years, under the Authority of an Act of the 22d of Edward the Fourth, before which Time they 22 Ed. IV-could not be incloaed for more than Three Years, but cb> 4* the Deer are admitted at the End of Four Years; and from

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii.

195

from the Expiration of Seven Years the Coppices tie inferior Consideration. — It is, however, desirable that Ninth Report

open, both to the Deer and Cattle, until the next Cutting the several Rights should be justly appreciated; and the oard of

of the Underwood. we have endeavoured to explain what the Crown has vBn *%enllt-

The Damage done to the Woods by this early alienated, and what it appears still to have reserved;

Admission of the Deer, and by the great Numbers of referring to such Precedents as have come to our Know-Cattle afterwards Communing on them, is so sensibly ledge of the Settlement of similar Rights, and the Valua felt by the Proprietors, that some of them have repre- put on them at different Times, so as to give all the sented to us* that it will not be possible to keep up the Information and Aid in our Power to those who may be

Succession of Timber in the Forest, if the present interested with the Disposal of this Part of the Property

Us age is continued; and all those with whom we have of the Crown, had any Communication on the Subject, have expressed We therefore humbly recommend. That an Act of a very earnest Desire that an Alteration may take Place, Parliament should pass, by which His Majesty should so as to put an End to this destructive Evil; and none be empowered to appoint Commissioners or Trustees are more desirous of such a Change than those who to treat with the Grantees of the different Offices in hold Offices in the Forest, among whom are some of the this Forest separately, for a Transferrence of the Interest most considerable Proprietors of Woods. which the Crown has over each of their Estates, on fair

The Owners of the Earl's Woods, besides the Injury and reasonable Terms, they sustain from those Causes, are put to the additional To Mr. Hatton should be transferred the Interest Inconvenience and Expence of procuring a Licence which the Crown has in Benejicld Lawn, and in such from the Chief Justice in Eyre for cutting their Woods, other Lands within the Bailiwick of Rockingham as This costs them in Money about 6 I.9 s. for Fees for belong to him.

the Licence, besides a Fee Tree, and a Quarter of an To Lord whatever Interest the Crown has

Acre of the Underwood, to One of the Verderors, in the Lawn of Farming Woods, and every other and a Fee Tree each to Two Freeholders of Cliffe Right mixed with his, in the Lands which are his Bailiwick, who are called the Regarders, (but who Property, are not regularly chosen to that Office) for certifying To Lord in like manner, all the Interest

to the Chief Justice in Eyre, that the Wood may be of the Crown in Moorhay and Sukhoy JValks, and in cut without Prejudice to die Vert of the Forest; yet every other Part of his Estate, exclusive of the Timber we have the best Authority for saying, that no Verderor in concerning which we shall propose a separate

has viewed the Woods to be cut for several Years past; Arrangement.

that the Licence, which constantly specifies the same And to Lord , whatever Right the' Crown

Number of Trees to be felled, is never regarded; and has intermixed with his, in IV Walk. that the Parties, after obtaining it, cut any Quantity And even though some of the Parties should not that they think fit. It is obvious, therefore, that no agree to purchase the Rights of the Crown, in the Advantage results to the Crown from the Continuance Manner we have proposed, that should not prevent a of this Restriction. Settlement with such of them as may be willing to do

so; the different Districts of the Forest being so detached We shall now propose the Settlement which, in our and unconnected, that they may be disafforested sepa-humble Apprenhension, should take Place Between the rately, as was done in the Case of,

Crown and the Persons who hold the Hereditary Offices in i(>76.

in this Forest; and with those whose Estates are sub- But the Privileges of the Deer, in which both the

ject to the Range of the Deer, and the Burthen of the Crown and the Grantees are interested, extend also over Forest Laws. the Estates of other Proprietors, w ho suffer great Injury

In the preceding Part of this Report we have stated from that Privilege, and ought also, on reasonable Terms, what is claimed under the different Grants of Offices, to be exonerated.

in each of the Three Bailiwicks into which this Forest The same Commissioners, or Trustees, should therefore is divided; and we have also stated the Objections be empowered to treat with those Proprietors for the which occurred to us in considering those Claims, and Disafforestation of their Estates; and whatever Price Our Reasons for supposing that the Deer, the Lodges, shall be paid for freeing their Lands from that Incum-and the Lawns, with other inclosed Lands held in Right brance, should be divided between the Crown and the of the Offices, and the Soil of the Open Plains and Grantees, in Proportion to their several Interests in the Ridings, and other uninclosed Lands, not expressly Forestrial Rights over those Estates, granted in Fee, are still the Property of the Crown, in Respecting the Right of the Crown to the Oak all the Walks except Geddiugton Woods, subject bow- Timber in the Walk of Sukhoy Terms and ever to certain Rights which the Grantees have by it appears that Queen Elizabeth, in the 1.3th Year of 3 A"--virtue of their Offices; but whether those Claims or our her Reign, granted in Fee to Sir Walter cer-

Objections shall appear to be just, whether the Crown tain Woods, Underwoods, and Woodlands, or Coppices N°i9. ’ has retained a more or a less valuable Interest in this of Wood and Underwood therein specified, and all other Forest, are Considerations which would make no Altera- the Queen’s Woods, Underwoods and Woodlands, and tion in the Principles of the Settlement which we think Trees whatsoever, within the Limits of the Mayor Walk it our Duty to recommend concerning this Forest. of Sulehay Ferms and Shorlwood, and the Ground and

By Means of the various Grants which we have men- Soil of all the said Woods, Underwoods, Woodlands, tioned, a Mixture of Interests has been created in the Coppices, and Hereditaments, thereby granted: " Ex-Deer, and in whatever is reserved for their Shelter or " cepting out of the said Grant all Oak Trees growing Support, as well as in the Lodges, Lawns, and other " or thereafter to grow upon the Premises, which then Lands which we have described. " were or thereafter should be reputed for Timber,

These mixed Rights, extending over a valuable Terri- " being (at the Height or Length of Three Feet from tory, prevent the Property from being brought to the " the Ground) of the Breadth or Thickness of Ten State of Improvement it is capable of; and the only " Inches of Assize Square." The Queen also granted Object of material Consequence to the Public in this to the said Sir Walter the I.ops and Tops of

Forest, is the exonerating of that Territory from Incum- such of the Oak Trees so excepted as were thentofore brances which have so pernicious an Effect. Whether lopped or topped, or which by the Custom of the said the Crown shall receive a greater or a smaller Share of Forest might be lopped or topped: And the Grantee the Price which ought to be paid by the Proprietors for covenanted to exonerate the Crown from the Annual freeing their Estates from that Burthen, is a Matter of Payment of 3/. 6 s. 8 for the Salary of the Keeper of Vof* 47. that

Ninth KepoTt that Walk, and to find sufficient Wood for Browse for

tliuicT Revenue^ the Queen’s Deer, which Wood, after being browsed by v the Deer, was to be taken by the Grantee for his own

~ Use.

We have found no Account of any Timber being felled in those Woods for the Use of the Crown, prior to the Year 1704; and there is reason to believe that none had been cut for a very long Time before the Commencement of the present Century, as it appears that the Existence of the Right to that Timber was then unknown to any of the Officers of the Crown.

The First Mention we find of it is in the Entries th the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, of the Date-of 1702, where it appears that an anonymous Information was given to the Lord Treasurer Godolphin, " That the Lady Westmorland was " in the Possession of Grounds in Rockingham , " which a certain Gentleman had made it his Business " to look into the Titles of, and found them to be the " Queen’s; and that the Land and Timber was worth a£ 50,000l.*’ .

This Information having been given at a Time when, as we observed in former Reports, Attention was still shewn by Ministers to the landed Property of the Crown, and when different Officers co-operated in the Management of the Royal Forests, the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, with the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests, and a Purveyor of the Navy, were immediately directed by the Lord Treasurer to enquire into the Matter, to view those Woods, and make a Survey of the Timber.

In pursuance of this Order, a Survey was taken, and

Appendix, there were found to be growing in them 5,389 Timber N° 20. B.

Trees, whereof 778 Trees, containing 940 Loads, were esteemed then fit for the Service of the Navy; 1,634 Trees, reckoned to contain 1,828 Loads, were looked upon to be defective or decaying, and fit to be sold in the Country; and the remaining 2,977 Timber Trees were young and flourishing, and ought to be preserved for the Navy: Besides which, there were 8,691 thriving Oak Saplings, standing at such convenient Distances, that they conceived they might all grow up to Timber, and ought very carefully to be preserved for the Use of the Crown.

Those Officers, on taking their Survey, observed several Stools, where large Oak Trees had been cut,

which they were informed were felled by the Direction of the late Earls, or the then Countess of Westmorland, who, they were told, had frequently made Falls of Timber, upon the Sales of the Underwood; and they found large Boughs lopped from divers Trees, which had prejudiced them very much for the Service of the Navy. To prevent the Continuance of those Practices, a Clause was inserted in the Grant of the Office of Master Forester, which was renewed shortly afterwards, to restrain the Grantee from lopping, topping, or cutting down auy Tree in Sulehay , unless it should be first certified by the Surveyor of the Woods, that the same should not be prejudicial to the Timber.

The Accounts of the Surveyor General of the Woods, remaining in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Appendix, Revenue, shew what Timber was felled for the Use of the Crown, after the Discovery of the Right in 1702.

The Particulars are these j

NAVY TIMBER:

£. s. d.

Dates of Warrants, Lds. Ft.

M2 May 1704. 510 Trees and 684 Knees, containing 688. 25. valued at 3/. ioj. per

Load -

WOOD SALES:

Same Warrant. 624 decayed Trees, and some Pieces, with the Bark thereof, sold for -

1,134 Trees. £.

2,357 19

904 2

3,262 2

6

7

1

This Fall was made immediately after the Discovery; but unfortunately, soon after that Time, all the Care shewn by Government to the Forests ceased; and they were left to the' Superintendance of a single Officer, without Check or Controul. Accordingly, though there must then have remained, after the Two Falls which had been made, n'o less than 268 Trees fit for the Navy,

1,010 defective, and 2,977 young and flourishing Trees, besides 8,691 thriving Oak Saplings; what follows is all the Account given of this valuable Stock of Timber, from that Time to the Year 1764, though within that Period it is certain that both the young thriving Trees and Saplings must have become of great Size, and fit for the Navy.

Dates of Warrants.

24 August 1716 10 June 1718 19 April 1725 14 April 1736

WOOD SALES:

- 73 Dotard Trees, and some Pieces, with the Lops, Tops, and Bark

- 221 D* - D° - -....

- 224 Oak Trees sold to the Earl of Westmorland -

- 442 Oaks, with Lops and Bark - -

960

1704 (as before) 1,134

In all 2,094 Trees. Gross Produce -

Fees, Poundage, Allowances, and Incidental Expences -

Clear Produce - -

£. s. d.

128 14 6

- 180 — —

- 250 — —

423 12 6

f. 982 7 —

3.262 2 1

- 4,244 9 1

- 621 1 9

f. 3,623 7 4

Another

Jtii

Another Warrant was issued in April 1741, for raising 191/. 6s. by Wood Sales in this Forest; but no Timber was felled in pursuance thereof.

In the Year 1764, the Earl of Westmorland, upon an Application for Renewal of the Grant of the Office of Master Forester, requested that the Clause which restrained him from lopping or cutting any Trees in Sulehay Walk, might be discontinued.

The Lords of the Treasury referred the Consideration of that Request to Sir Edmond Thomas, then Surveyor of the Woods, and directed him to report the Value of the Timber in Sulehay Walk, with his Opinion what might be fit to be done thereupon; and Sir Edmond Thomas reported, that he found, on a Survey which he had caused to be made, " that " there were no more than 2,750 Timber Trees " standing on the Premises, besides Saplings, likely " to become Timber;" and that very few of those Trees were fit for the Service of the Navy, or likely to be so; and he was of Opinion that they might be valued to the Earl of Westmorland at about 1,710/.

Upon this Report, the Lords of the Treasury thought proper to sell that Timber to the Earl of Westmorland, for the Sum of 1,710/.; and the restraining Clause, prohibiting the lopping, topping, and cutting down of the Trees in Sulehay , was left out of the Grant of the Master Forestership, as Lord Westmorland had desired.

Appendix, We have inserted in the Appendix, a Copy of ** the Report of Sir Edmond Thomas, which we found in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands: And we cannot avoid observing, that though the Report recommended the Sale of the Timber standing, to the Owner of the Underwood, it did not advise, any Limitation of Time for taking it away, nor suggest any Regulations for distinguishing the Trees to be sold from those which were to be left standing, or for securing the Succession of young Timber, for the Benefit of the Crown. If the Interest of the Crown had been properly attended to, and the Right to the future Growth of Trees, in the Place of those sold, had been considered, the Purchaser should have been obliged, by the Conditions of the Sale, to remove the Trees immediately, which were growing in the Parts of the Walk not encop-piced; but the best Time for felling Timber growing in Coppices, being the Spring next after the cutting of the Underwood, and those Woods being divided into Sixteen Sale9, and One of them cut each Year, the Term of Sixteen Years would have been the proper Time to be allowed for taking away that Part of the Timber, and the Purchaser should have been obliged to clear away what was growing in each of the Sales, as they came in Course of Cutting; and an Agent for the Crown should have taken an Account of the Trees remaining in each Coppice, after what were sold had been taken away.

Had Regulations to this Effect been adopted, the Whole of the Timber sold would have been cleared away by the Spring 1780, and no Ground of Difference with the Purchaser could have subsisted, nor any Doubt remained with respect to what belonged to the Crown: But the Timber having been sold, without marking either the Trees to be felled, or those to be left standing, and without any Limitation of Time, or other Condition, for taking it away, the Purchaser has thought himself at Liberty to cut it when and in what Manner he pleased.

Though the Grant of the Master Forestership with which this Sale of Timber was connected, in the Manner we have described, was afterwards renewed in the Year 1772, and again in 1776, no Enquiry appears to have been made whether the Timber purchased had been felled, or what Part of it remained standing, nor any Endeavours used to dis-

Vol. 47.

Appendix,

N° 23.

tinguish the Timber belonging to the Crown from Ninth Report that of the Purchaser, until the Year 4781; when of the Board of Mr. St. John, then Surveyor General of the Crown awiMevvnU1, Lands, stated the Matter very fully to the Lords of the Treasury; and, after urging strongly the Necessity of having the Matter cleared up, observing that, under Pretence of such a Purchase, the Crown might otherwise be for ever excluded from taking any Timber from those Woods, he recommended that Directions might be given to cause a Survey to be taken of the Timber Trees and Saplings remaining in them, and to endeavour to obtain an Account of the Number felled since the Purchase, in order to ascertain wlmt Number Lord Westmorland was still entitled to, and to distinguish them from what belonged to the'

Crown.

Finding that nothing had been done in consequence of that Representation, and that though more than Twenty-two Years had elapsed since the Sale of the Timber, Lord Westmorland claimed to be entitled to a considerable Quantity still standing, but without specifying what Number of Trees had been cut, or how many were wanting to make up the Number purchased — we thought it a necessary Step, preparatory to the settling so complicated a Matter, to have a Survey taken of all the Trees growing in those Woods, above Ten Inches Square, Three Feet from the Ground; and we directed our Surveyor to endeavour to obtain Information what Number of Trees had been felled since the Time of the Purchase.

From that Survey, of which an Abstract is annexed to this Report, it appeared that the whole Number of the Trees of that Description, when the Survey was taken, was 3,253, which were valued by our Surveyor at 3,679/. 9$. ic)d.

It also appeared, that the Sixteen Sales into which the Woods are divided, had all been cut Once, and Seven of them a Second Time, since 1764; that Timber had been felled in all of them at the time of cutting the Underwood; and that in the Sales which had been cut a Second Time there remained a very small Quantity of Timber, or of Saplings likely to become Timber; but the Surveyor found it impracticable to get any certain Account of the Number of Trees felled, the Timber having been sold to various Persons, some of whom were dead, and Information from others impossible to be obtained; and no Stools, or other Remains of the Trees, being visible, from which the Number could be ascertained.

The present Earl of Westmorland, being the Third successive Proprietor since the Purchase of the Timber, and many of the Coppices having been cut before he came into Possession, it is hardly to be expected that he should give an Account of all the Trees which have been cut for Twenty-seven Years past, more especially as there was not any Condition in the Sale which obliged the Purchaser to keep such an Account. It was certainly the Business of the Officers of the Crown to provide all necessary Checks; but that not having been done, Recourse must be had to some other Method of drawing a Line between the Claims of the Purchaser and the Rights of the Crown.

Lord Westmorland says, it has always been considered by him, and his Family, that the Purchase included all the Trees which were then Ten Inches Square; and the Proceedings for the Sale undoubtedly seem to authorize that Construction. The Directions given by the Treasury to the Surveyor of the Woods in 1764 were, to report the Value of " the Timber in tc Sulehay Walk."* In the common Acceptation of that Term, all Trees of Ten Inches Square and upwards are considered to be comprised under the Denomination of Timber; And as the Report of Sir Edmond

3 E Thomas

Appendix, V 22.

13° Februarii. A. 1792.

Ninth Report Thomas stated that there were no more than 2,750

of the Board of " Timber Trees standing on the Premises," besides Land Revenue^ Saplings likely to become Timber, it seems natural to' suppose that all the Trees of Ten Inches Square and upwards were included in his Survey. There is no Mention of the Size of the Trees in any Document that we have met with.

On the Supposition that all Trees down to Ten Inches Square were included in that Purchase, the Object is to discover, from the present Size of the Trees now growing in Walk (no other Evi-

dence, that we know of, being obtainable) which of them probably were of that Thickness in 1764, and having been then sold, must still belong to Lord Westmorland. We have accordingly taken some Pains to inform ourselves to what Size Trees of that Dimen-

sion might be expected to arrive in the Course of 23 Years (our Survey having been taken in 1787); and it has been suggested to us by several Surveyors* and other Persons of Experience, that they would probably increase, one with another, to about 20 Feet of Timber.

If that Opinion be a just one, it follows, that all the Trees in the Survey made in 1787, containing more than 20 Feet of Timber in each, still belong to Lord Wzstmorland; and that all which had then only Twenty Feet or less, and were of the Thickness of Ten Inches Square, belong to the Crown.

According to this Division, the Interests of each Party, in the Timber growing in 1787, will stand thus:

723 Trees of more than 20 Feet each, belonging to Lord Westmorland, valued by our Surveyor at ——

2,530 Trees of 20 Feet or less, belonging to the Crown, valued at -

£. s. d.

1,360 6 5

2.049 3 5

3,253 Trees

£ 3,679 9 10

Besides the Trees last mentioned, all such as are become of the Thickness of Ten Inches Square since 1787, are to be added to the Number now belonging to the Crown.

If it should be thought adviseable that the Rights of the Crown and Lord Westmorland should remain unaltered, all that in that Case is necessary, in order to bring the strange improvident Transaction in 1764 to a Conclusion, is, that all the Trees of more than Twenty Feet Contents, according to that Survey, should now have a particular Mark with Paint put on them, to shew that they are Lord Property; and in the Annual Sales of the Underwood to be made by Lord Westmorland, each Coppice should be cleared of those Trees, leaving all others, as belonging to the Crown, according to the Terms of the Grant.

By Means of this Arrangement, the Remainder of the Trees sold to Lord Westmorland in 1764 will be taken away gradually, and the Whole will be completely removed in 16 Years; and the Rights of the Crown, and of Lord Westmorland, will be gradually brought back, during the same Period, to the State in which they were prior to that Transaction.

By thus removing the Trees in each Division, only when the Underwood is cut, Lord Westmorland's Property will not be injured by the Removal.

This Arrangement which we have suggested is, no Doubt, favourable to Lord Westmorland. It is admitting that all the Trees belonging to the Crown were bought by his Predecessor in 1764, which, though probable, is not certain; — it is admitting, that a considerable Part of the Trees, though sold in 1764, are still growing the re, though during that Time the Underwood in all the Sixteen Sales has been once cut, and in Eleven of them cut a Second Time; — and it is making no Claim for any Trees belonging to the Crown, which may possibly have been taken down along with those cut by Lord Westmorland since 1764, nor for the Injury done to the Crown, by occupying the Ground with the Trees then sold, from 28 to Years (being the Distance of Time between the Sale and the final Removal of the Timber) to the Prevention of the Growth of other Trees, which would have come up in their Place, and would now have been considerably advanced; though it cannot well be supposed that it was intended to allow so much Time for the Removal of that Timber.

But it is to be considered, that these are the Consequences of a very unwise Transaction, made by the Officers of the Crowd, which it is desirable to bring

ft,

to some speedy Settlement without Litigation, and which there does not appear to us to be any more equitable Mode of bringing to a Close.

For the future Protection of the Property reserved by the Crown, it must seem obviously necessary, if those Rights are to remain unaltered, that some Officer should attend at every Cutting of the Underwood, to take Care that no Saplings be cut. — The Trees of such an Age as to admit of it should be marked with Paint, and numbered: Returns should be made, and kept in the Office intrusted with the Care of the Forests; and the Woods should be frequently visited, and their Condition reported from that Office.

But if, on the other Hand, it shall be thought that the Effects naturally to be expected from such a Mixture of Rights as have been created in this Forest, are so destructive, that no Care which can be bestowed will be sufficient for the Protection of the Trees and Saplings, without an Expence beyond what the Advantages from so small an Extent of Ground will ever be found to bear; and if Government shall, on that Account, judge it proper to sell, and Lord Westmorland shall be disposed to purchase, not only all the Trees belonging to the Crown, which are now growing in Sulehay Walk, but the Right to all which shall grow hereafter- we should in that Case, think what follows a just Mode of estimating that Right of the Crown.

According to the Extract we have given from the Survey taken in 1787, it appears that there were 2,530 Trees growing in Sulehay Walk, which belonged to the Crown, and were worth at that Time 2,0491- 3 s- 5 d.

To these are to be added all Trees which have become Ten Inches Square since the Survey was made, which may be ascertained at little Expence by a Surveyor.

No Mention is made in the Grant to Lord Westmorland’s Ancestors, of the Saplings which would afterwards grow to Ten Inches Square: But in the Report of Mr. Travers, Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, upon the Discovery in 1703, he says, " he Appendix, " had consulted the Attorney General on the Ex- N*20ception in the Grant, who agreed with him in " Opinion, that the same must be construed for the " Benefit of the Crown, and the Growth and Increase <c of Timber;" and we cannot doubt of its being incumbent on the Grantee, to leave at least as many Trees as are required to be left in Woodlands, by the Act of 35 of Henry the Eighth, or, in other Words,

199

that the Meaning of Parties, when the Grant was made, should be explained by that Law, no Explanation being contained in the Grant.

By that Act, the Owners of Coppices cut at Twenty-four Years Growth,' or under, must, in cutting the Underwood, leave Twelve Standils of Oak on every Acre, of the most likely to become Timber; which Standils are not to be felled before they become Ten Inches Square, Three Feet from the Ground; or, if there be not so many Standils at the first Cutting, the Numbers must be made up at the next, and he is obliged to preserve them.

Lord Westmorland has no Right to take Firebote from those Trees, which is forbidden by the Grant, nor to take Housebote, &c. for that is only allowed 35 Hen. to be taken by the Owners of the Timber; and here VIII. C. 17. the Crown is the Owner.

If therefore it shall be deemed expedient to part with this Right of the Crown, it cannot, we think, be difficult to put a just Value on it; and the Crown may receive the Price or Value, either in a Sum of Money to be immediately paid, or by a Rent Charge in Money, or an Annual Delivery of a certain Quantity of Timber fit for the Navy, to commence at such Time as the Trees belonging to the Crown may be computed to become fit for Naval Use. We cannot avoid adding, that, from the present State of Oak, Timber in this Country, and the Convenience of Water Carriage by the River Nene, from situated within less than a Mile the

Annual Delivery of a certain Quantity of Timber appears to us the most for the Advantage of the Crown, and of the Public.

As the best of the Saplings would be left, and the Trees would have full Room to grow, it cannot, in our Opinion, be thought unreasonable, in such a Transaction, to presume, that in 50 Years after Trees have grown to be Ten Inches Square, Three Feet from the Ground, they will, one with another, be found to contain a Load of Timber; so that Twelve Loads on the Acre may be reasonably expected at that Time, on the Ground on which the Crown possesses the Right to the Timber of that Description. The Extent of the Ground will naturally be ascertained by actual Admeasurement, before any such Treaty shall be concluded.

The 2,530 Trees already stated to have become Ten Inches Square since 1764, must come gradually to be in Course of felling in 50 Years from that Time; and the Whole should be felled in Twenty-three Years from 1791, by equal Portions in each Year.

At every Fall of Underwood since the Survey was made, Lord Westmorland should have made up the Number of Trees left for the Crown to Twelve at least of Ten Inches Square on every Acre, and probably has done so; which wall shew what Number of Trees he ought to deliver Annually, after Fifty Years from the Date of that Survey.

What we have now suggested will establish the

Principles of a very easy Computation of the Value of Ninth Report the reserved Right of the Crown to the Timber in the Board of Sulehay Walk, and of the Quantity of Timber which v ao ^venue-J should be Annually delivered, in consequence of the Sale of it to Lord Westmorland.

We would therefore farther propose, that the same Commissioners or Trustees should be empowered to treat and agree with Lord Westmorland for the Sale to him of that Right, leaving any Difference which may be, between their Estimation of it and Lord Westmorland's, to be determined by Arbitration.

By the Settlements we have proposed, all the Parties interested would, as we apprehend, be benefited.

A Forest in a Situation so distant from any Residence of the Royal Family, with an Establishment of Offices, either granted in Perpetuity or esteemed of little Value by those who possess them, and in which so little of the Right to Timber has been reserved, can neither contribute much to the Amusement of the King, the Dignity or Profit of the Crown, or the Advantage of the Public.

Lord Ossory informs us, That " the Expences attending the Renewal of his Grant of the Office of " Master Forester of Farming Woods (for the adding of every new Life) is about 200l., the Whole of " which is distributed at the different Offices through " which the Patent passes, and no Part is paid into " the Treasury, upon Account of the Crown or the " Public." Lord Westmorland in like Manner pays merely the Fees of the different Offices, on the Renewals of his Grant of the Master Forestership of Cliffe Bailiwick; and no Fine or Consideration, on Account of either, goes into the Exchequer.

And though the antient Forest Laws, and the 50 Clra. II. Courts, when regularly held, have been found by Experience to conduce very much to the Increase and Preservation of Timber, in Forests thinly inhabited, and set apart as Nurseries for the Navy, and have therefore been, very properly, kept in Force by special Statutes in Dean and New Forest; yet in Rockingham Forest, where the Crown has little Property left, where a considerable Part of the Land is already in Tillage or Pasture, and the Country pretty fully inhabited, it cannot be desirable that those Laws should be continued. The Inconvenience and Counteraction occasioned by a Mixture of Rights, and a divided Management in the same Property, would be removed by the Disafforestation and Settlements we have proposed; and a valuable Part of the Country would be freed from Restraints and Burthens, which, by impeding its Improvement, must be a Loss to the Public, as well as to the Proprietors.

Cha' ,(l. s.)

Jne Call, ( l. s.)

Land Revenue Office, John Fordyce. (l. s.)

Scotland Yard,

6th February 1792.

1

: r'

1

e

e

1

t

s.

it

Vol. 47.

APPENDIX.

200 13° Februarii. , 1792.

APPENDIX.

No. Pago

1. Perambulation of the Forest of Rockingham, in 17th Charles 1st - - - 201

2. List of divers Grants of Lands, Offices, and Privileges, within the said Forest - 204

3. Deposition of Robert Laxton, and William , Two of the Keepers within the

Bailiwick of Rockingham, dated 26 March 167-f - 205

4. Grant to Sir Christopher Hatton of the Custody of the Lawn of Benefield, and

divers Offices and Privileges within the Bailiwick of Rockingham, dated 5 July,

25 Elizabeth ----- ---- - 206

.5. Warrant for a Grant of Disafforestation of the Lawn of Benefield to Lord Hatton,

dated 16 December 1719 - - 208

6. Accounts received from the Board of Green Cloth of Deer supplied from the

Forest of Rockingham, for the Royal Household, in 1661, 1704, and 1791 - 208

7. Letters from George Finch Hatton, Esquire, stating the Number of Deer supplied

from the Bailiwick of Rockingham for the Use of the Royal Household, and for the Officers of the said Forest, in 1791 209

8. Copy of an antient Paper in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown

Lands, intituled, " A State of the Forest of Rockingham " - - - - 210

9. Petition of Edward Lord Montagu for a Grant of Disafforestation of

Woods Walk, 1676 ----- ----- 210

10. Grant of the Office of Keeper of Farming Woods to John Lord Mordaunt, dated

25th February, 3d Charles 1st - - - 211

11. State of Offices held by the Earl of Upper in Farming Woods Walk - 212

12. Extracts from a Book, appearing to be a Survey of the Bailiwick of Cliffe, in the

Forest of Rockingham, supposed to have been made in the Reign of James the 1st - - - - 213

13. Grant of the Office of Keeper of the Lawn of Weslhay to William Cooper, Esquire,

dated 4th April, 4th of Charles the 1st - 216

14* State of the Office of Keeper of Westhay Walk, held by the Earl of Exeter - 216

15. Grant of the Office of Keeper of the Lawn of Moorhay to Nicholas Pay and Clement

Bellamy, dated 30th May, 4th Charles 1st - - - - 217

16. Grant of the Office of Keeper of Sulehay Ferms and Shortwood to Sir Walter

may, dated 29th January, 3 and Philip and Mary - - - 218

17* Petition of the Earl of Westmorland for a Grant of Free Hay within his Woods, in the Bailiwick of Cliffe; and Report of the Surveyors General of the Crown Lands and Woods thereon, 1718 ----- - 219

18. Reports of Sir Jeffery Palmer, Attorney General, and Sir Charles Surveyor

General of the Crown Lands, on the Case of Lord Willoughby, respecting the Herbage and Pannage of Beskwood Park, in Nottinghamshire, 1666, 1672 - 221

19. Grant of Coppices and Woodlands in Sulehay Walk to Sir Walter Mildmay, dated

3d August J 3 Elizabeth ----- ---- - 222

20. Report of the Surveyors General of the Crown Lands and Woods, and Purveyor

of the Navy, respecting Timber in Sulehay PValk, in 1703 and 1704 - - 223

21. Account of Wood Sales in the Forest of Rockingham, since the Year 1700 - 226

22. Report of Sir Edmond Thomas, Surveyor General of the Woods, on a Sale of Timber

in Sulehay Walk, to the Earl of Westmorland, in 1764 - - - 228

23. Abstract of a Survey of the Oak Trees of more than Ten Inches Square, growing

in Sulehay Walk, taken by Order of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, by Thomas Stone, 1787 - -- - 229

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii. 201

N* l.

PERAMBULATION of the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, in the 17th Year of King Charles the 1st.

INQUISICO INDENTATA Capta apud Rokyngham in Com Northampton, Die Lune vices-simo Septimo die Septembris Anno Regni Dni nri Caroli Dei grsl Anglie Scotie Francie et Hibernie Regis Fidei Defensor &c. decimo septimo coram Guidone Palmes Milite Ricardo Samwell Milite Edwardo Dudley Armigero, Willirao Holford Armig Francisco Quarles Armigero Thoma Rudd Armigero et Johanne Gage Armigero Commissionarijs dci Dni Regis virtute Commissionis ejusdem Dni Regis sub magno Sigillo suo Anglie Sigillat geren datum apud WestiQ vicesimo octavo Die August! Anno Regni dci Dni Regis decimo

o O t m O

Septimo supradicto eisdem Commissionarijs et alijs direct et huic Inquisiconi annex ad inquirendu et inve-niendii per Inquisiconem probora et legaliu Hominu Com pdict super S.acramenta sua et per Sacram Tes-tium producendof apud predict Inquisiconem et per omnes alios modus legitimos omnes et singulos Ter-minos Metas Buudas et Limites Forestar Dni Regis de Rockingham ats Rockingham Brigstock et Clive ats diet Forest de Rockingham in predict Coin Norttiton qui fuerint vulgariter cognil fuisse Termin Mete Bunde et Limites diet Forest Anno Regni Dni Jacobi nuper Regis Anglie &c. vicesimo juxta Teno-rem cujusdam Actus in presenti Parliament apud WestiS in Com Middx modo assemblat edit et provis Intitulat " An Act for the Certaintie of Forests and " of the Meets Meres Lymits and Bounds of the " Forests^’ Commissioni predict annex et ad omnia et singula faciend et per impiend in et circa Inquisiconem pdict et retorn ejusdem faciend aue juxta le-norenr predict Actus faciend sunt et per impiend in pntia Ludovici Watson Militis et Baronett et Caroli Cockayne Armiger Viridiurior Ballivat de Rockingham et Brigstock in Forest predict ac Thome Elmes Armiger unius Viridar Ballivat sive Forest de Clive ats Cliffe in Foresta predict et Roberti Dowsett Wittimi Jones Wittimi Bringhurst Thome Shawe et Georgii Goodyer Forestar Ballivat de Rockingham in Forest predict ac Norwich Wignall Ed-war di Stoller & Thome Barton Forestar Ballivat de Brigstock in Forest predict ac Johannis Bates Jacobi Ashley Francisci Hawthorne et Wittimi Ashley Fo-restar Ballivat sive Forest de Clive ats Cliffe predict Necnon Jotlis Caywood Genosi Rangiatoris Ballivat de Rockingham et Brigstock predict Execuconi ejusdem Commissionis assisten et attenden Reliquis Officiar ejusdem Forest ad hoc premunit sed execuconem ejusdem Commissionis niinime assisten sive attenden per Sacrum Lawrentij Manley de Spratton Armiger Jotlis Lucas de Guilsborough Genosi Henrici Welden de Thurnby Genosi Jotlis Lumley dc Clipston Genosi Wittimi Craddock de East Farndon Genosi Wittimi Maydwell de eadem Genosi Wittimi Stringer de Bar-nake Genosi Jotlis Atkyns de Stanwick Gch Thome Ekyns de Irchester Gen Jotlis Ekyns de Ringstead Gen Wittimi Taylor de Helpston Gen et Johis Flew itt de Newton Bromswold Gen probor et legaliu Hominu Coni Norttiton predict QUI QUIDEM Ju ratores jurat et onerat diversis etiam Testibus side dignis super Sacrum suu apud Inquisicoem predict et alijs Evident: product dicunt super Sacrum suu quod iste sunt Mete Termin Limites et Bunde que fuerunt vulga-riter cognit fuisse Termin Mete Bunde et Limites predict Forest Anno vicesimo Dni Jacobi nuper Regis Anglie supradict (excludendo Territoria et Loca post Anno vicesimo dicti nuper Regis Jacobi deafforestat aut menconat fuisse deafforestat) viz* prima Bunda Forest predict in Ballivat de Rocking-Vol. 47.

ham in Forest predict incipit apud Brimingforth in Ripa de Weyland ubi Petra iocatur et sic ascendendo extransverso le Netherfeild de Cottingham per Clinch Hill et Pickle Hedge usq^ Foldgates et sic per West-dale Head sequendo viam quae ducit de Rockingham versus Carleton ad Mouseburn Gap et de inde ascendendo VenellS vocat Midleton Lane inter duas Hayas usq^ Fielden Gate apud Driffield et sic sequendo le Fielden Way in Campis de Midleton usq^ Petram que sita est in Divisis de Middleton et Carleton prope Croftu vocat Shortditch excludendo Villas de Cottingham et Middleton cum Campis qui sunt ex Occidental et Boreal partibus de Bundis predict et excludendo tota Villa et Territoria de Carleton cum Campis et Petra predict prope Shortditch sequendo Bundas de Middleton que dividunt de Carleton includendo Boscos de Middleton usq^ Swinecote Hurne et includendo Swinecote hurne per Bundas ejusdem ad Angulu prope Alba Crucem et de inde usq^ Raghagh Field et inclu-dend Raghagh Field ad Angulu situs sive ambitus nuper Abathie de Pipwell et per Bundas ejusdem Scitus que dividunt a Bosco de Raghagh ad Viam que ducit ab alba Cruce ad Harpers brooke excludendo predict Croftu vocat Short Ditch et Assartu vocat Carleton Seeke et Pianos et Boscos de Carleton et prdict Boscu de Raghagh cum planis adjacen que fuerunt Foresta in Anno vicesimo Jacobi nuper Regis predict sed modo deafforestat sunt vel deafforestari meuconantur inter alia per seperales Literas Patentes dci Dni Regis nunc Caroli Juratorib^ predict sup Capconem hujus Inquisiconis in Lvidenc ostens et excludendo etiam Viliam de Wilbarston cum Caui|)is et lloscum vocat Asketshawe et Boscos vocat Pipwell Woods et les Granges de Pipewell et sequendo le Harper’s Brook per Mediil predict scit nup Abathie de Pipwell et sic usq^ ad Viliam de Okeley magna excludendo Boscu vocat Oldfield als Oldhaugh ats Old Bull jacent ex pte Boreali de Harper’s Brook Qui quidem Boscus suit Foresta in Anno vicesimo deti nuper Regis Jacobi sed modo deafforestat est vel deafforestari menconatur inter

Ninth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

alia per Literas Patentes dci Dni Regis nunc gerent datum vicesimo nono Die Junij Anno Regni sui decimo quarto Juratory predict sup Capconem hujus Inquisitionis in Evidentiis osttuis Et sic ulterius descen-dendo per Harper's brooke et per Mediu Ville de Okeley magna usqs ad Villa de Okeley parva includendo Villa et Carnpo de Okeley parva usq,} ad fincm Ville de Okeley parva predict versus Rising Brigge et sic inter Divisas de Okeley parva et Stanyerne excludendo Stanyerne usq^ ad Venella vocat Eastfield Lane et de inde sequendo Venella vocat Thackley Lane usc^ ad Thackley Green excludendo le East Field de Okeley parva predict et Clausu vocat Wood Close et quosdam Boscos in Okeley parva prdict vocat Brockerdale Sallow Copp et Red more Hall que fuerunt Foresta in Anno vicesimo nuper Regis Jacobi supradict sed modo per Literas Patentes dci Dni Regis nunc Caroli gerent datum vicesimo septimo die Junij Anno Regni sui decimo quinto Jurator predict super Capconem hujus Inquisiconis in Evidcntijs ostens (inter alia) deafforestantur vel deafforestari men-conantur Et sic per Thackley Green sequendo Venel-lam vocat Thorney Lane usq, ad Snatteshall Gate includendo Thorney Woods et excludendo Boscmn vocat Banley Slade et sic p Snatteshall Gate in Campos de Corbye excludendo Debbing Furlong parcella Campos de Corby et excludendo Boscum vocat Sown Woods qui quidem Bosci vocat Sowe Woods et Banley Slade et Terr vocat Dibbing Furlong fuerunt Foresta in Anno Vicesimo Jacobi supradict sed modo per diet Literas Patentes dci Dni Regis nunc gerent datum predict vicesimo nono Die Junij Anno Regni sui decimo quarto supradict Jurator predict super Capconem hujus inquisitionis in Evident? ostens (inter alia) deafforestantur vel deafforestari menconantur Et sic includendo Viliam et Campos dc Corby (excepto

3 F Dibbing

1

Ninth Report of the Board Land Revenue, v___________

13° Febru

A. 1792.

' L - _r; ^ ( .

Dibbing Furlqng predict) ad Corby Bridge et d$ inde dendo Villas Campos Clausur Boscos et Territoria f per divisas inter Campos de Corby ,et Weldon magna de Boughton et Warkton et excludendo Clausu excludendo tota Villa, et Territoria de Weldon magna vocat Bancrofts usq ad Brigge Trees Comer existen cum Campis et Boscis et excludendo.Bosqura de Stan- Angulu Australe de Geddington Woods et sic Severn quondam vocal Boscum Johannis de Stannyerne quendo Bundas de Geddington Woods ad Bancrofts Et includendo parva Weldon usq ad Caput Bosci vocat Gate includendo Langley usq ad Portam de Brigstock Water falls quondam vocat Boscus Comitis Comubie Parke et sic excludendo Parcos de Brigstock sequendo versus Oriente et de inde sequendo Bunda que ducit Bundas Parci predict includendo Geddington Woods inter Water falls et Priors Hawe quondam vocat ad Hassock Gate in Campis de Brigstock *et sic se-Boscum de Finsheved usqs ad ductu vocat Little Wei- quendo Bundas de Brigstock Park ad Angulu de don Brook currentem versus Deen includendo parva Cockrode Close et excludendo Cockrode Close Weldon predict et sic ascendendo per Ductu illu Plashey Close et Colby Leas et excludendo Clausur usq ad Pen Green et sic sequend Bunda inter Boscum vocat Over Grindalls et Nether Grindalls in Brig-de Corby qui est infra Forestam et Boscum de Deen stock predict includendo Campos de Brigstock et sic usq ad Gretton Brook et sequendo Gretton Brook sequendo Bundas de Brigstock Parks usq ad Prest-excludendo Villa Boscos Parcu Campos Ter et crofts Corner et sic ad Wallow Hatch includendo Territoria de Deen Et sic de Gretton Brooke sequendo Wallow Lane Close excludendo Catteshead Closes et Bundas de Gretton Woods usq ad le Hook Gate et sic Warly Thick includendo Campos de Brigstock ad ad finem Venelle sive le Riding vocat Long Lane Fisher’s Parke Corner et sic sequendo Hayas de Farm-existen Bunda inter Gretton Woods & Bullwick ing Woods ad Quercum vocat Steven Oke Et sic Woods quondam vocat Henwick Haw excludendo includendo Boscum vocaf Cherrie Lapp ad Angulu Villa Campos Clausa Terras Boscos et Territoria de Parci de Liveden excludendo Villas Campos Boscos Kirby et excludendo Villa Campos Claus Boscos et Vasta Terras et Territoria de Sudborow LufTwick Territoria de Bulwick et de inde sequendo predict Drayton Islipp Slipton Grafton Underwood Aldwincle Venella vocat Long Lane (quondam vocat vetus Cranford Woodford et Twiwell et excludendo Boscos Fossatu) inter Gretton Woods et Bulwick Woods usq de Burton et Boscum de Wadenhoe et excludendo ad Angulu f)arci de Ilaringworth et sic sequendo Liveden Parke et Clausur Campos Boscos et Terri-Bundas inter Gretton ct Haringworth Parke ad An- toria de Liveden sequendo Bundas de Cherrie Lapp gulu ejusdem Parci vocat Parke Corner excludendo usq ad Harley Riding et includendo Harley Riding Bulwick Woods et totum Parcum predict et inde ct viam vocat Deen Rode descendendo per Deen

dcseendendo per Bundas inter Campos de Gretton et Campos de Haringworth ad Ripam de Weland excludendo Viliam Campos Boscos et Territoria de Ilaringworth et sic sequendo llipam de Weland subter Gretton includendo Viliam Campos et Boscos de Gretton usq ad Petra que sita est ad Ripam predict inter Plata de Gretton et de Cotton in Poeliia de Rockingham ad Petrain que sit est in Divisis inter Rockingham et Gretton apud Planitie et Communia que dicitur le Sheire ats Rockingham Sheire et ab

Rode ad Cruces de Brigstock et Benefield apud Lus-cott Po.nd et sic ascendendo per Divisas inter Brigstock et Benefield usq^ ad Quercu vocat Bowcase Tree et sic ad Angulu de Harris Parke includendo Brigstock et excludendo Viliam Campos Boscos Terf Vasta Pianos et Territoria de Benefield et ab Harris Parke Corner, sequendo Bundas de Brigstock que dividunt a Weldon magna usq ad Boscu vocat Co-thicke excludendo tota Weldon Magna et excludendo Boscos de Cothicke et Thrapston Hill et in-

illa Petra sequendo Bundas de la Sheire que dividunt cludendo Farming V oods usq., ad Angulu de Landy-le Overfield predict et alijs Pastuv inclus de Rock- mere et deinde per divisas inter Campos de Brigstock ingham et de Pavco dc Rockingham in Rockingham et de Stanyerne transeundo Harpers Brooke usq ad et Cottingham usq^ quendam Locum vocat Brook's Geddington Woods includendo Brigstock et exclu-end in Cottingjiam apud Occidentals Angulu ejusdem dendo VillS Campos Boscos et Territoria de Stan-Parci et sic per Campos dc Cottingham juxta Parcum yerne et sic sequendo Bundas de Geddington Woods predict ad Cursu Aque inter Campos dc Cottingham usq ad Paddock Gate et ibidem intrando Paddock et Rockingham que cadit in Aquam de Weland ex- Riding per Divisas inter Geddington Woods et Stan-cludendo Maneriu Pratas et Pasturas vocat Cotton et yerne excludendo Boscos de Stanyerne vocat Wen-le Overfeild predict et alias Pasturas inclusas de shawe Westmore Hedges et Borough Soke et exclu-Rockinghatn predict et predict parcu de Rocking- dendo Boscum in Geddington vocat le Assart et ham ac Castrum ct Viliam de Rockingham cum excludendo parvS Clausuia prope Risinge Brigge Campis et Pratis que jacent ex Boreali parte Predicte vocat Morgan’s Sarte includendo Geddington Woods Coinunie et Planitiei vocat le Sheir et inter le Sheir usq ad Risinge Brigge Gate existen prima Bunda predict et Aquam de Weland et que fuerunt Forrest Foreste pdict in Bailivat de Brigstocke ut supra Anno vicesimo supradict sed deafiorestantur aut men- dictu est ET JUIlATORES pdict ulterius dicunt conantur fore deaft'orestari per Cartem DSi Regis quod prima Bunda Forest pdict in Foresta sive Bal-nunc gerent datum vicesimo nono die Junij Anno liyat de Clive als Clifie in Forest pdict incipit apud Regni sui decimo quarto et a predict Aque Cursu t cujusdam Bosci vocat Hawkes Okes Coppice

qui cadit in Weland sequendo Ripam de Weland usq' qui proximo Campos de Deenthorpe apud

ad Brimingforth existen prima Bunda Forest predict Blindestyle et ascendendo per Bundas de Hawkes in Bailivat de Rockingham ut supradictu est ET Okes Copice que Dividunt a Deenthorpe

JURATOllES predict ulterius dicunt super Sacrum vocat Burnte Coppy usq ad Horescrofte excludendo suii quod prima Bunda Forest predict in Bailivat de Burnte Copice et Boscos Clausuras et Pianos de Brigstock in Forest predict incipit apud Rising Brigge Deenthorpe pdict et includendo Hawkes Okes Co-Gate et deinde ascendendo per Bundas de Geddington pice et Boscos vocat Earl’s Woods et ab Horescrofte Woods per Ductu Aqu« curren juxta Stanford YVaie descendendo per Bundas de Earl’s Woods que divi-que Ducit ad Viliam de Geddington et sequendo viS dunt Benefield usq in Pitts prope Clausu

ilia ad Mediam Arcem Pontis de Geddington super vocat Frindshaw in Bigging in Pocftia de Owndell ex-Rivulum de Ise et sic sequendo Ripam de Ise ad cludendo Benefield cum Campis Boscis et planis et Portas Fluviales de Boughton Anglice Boughton excludendo Frindshaw Bigging et Owndell et sic ad Water Gate quondam vocat Boughton Mill et sic per Tottenhoe quondam vocat Benefield Hatch et de inde Hayam de Boughton quondam vocat Vetus Fossa- sequendo Bundas inter Tottenhoe Woods qui sunt turn transeundo Thrapston Way ad Piper’s Irons in- in Foresta et provost Closes ad Angulu Clauss vocat cludendo Piper’s Irons et super Hayam de Bancrofts Spencer’s Hurne Tottenhoe Brook ats

includendo Viliam et Campu de Geddington et exclu- Brooke excludendo Provost Closes et

u Spencers

oi

ft

ft

a

ft

V,

ej

£a

fit

ini

13° Februarii.

m

Spencers Hume f)dict et sic sequendo Bundas de Tottenhoe Woods ad Angulu de Flaskett Leyes et deinde excludendo Flasket Leyes descendendo per Crucem vocat Crosse et de inde ascendendo

per Bundas de Morehaie includendo Morehaye Hangings et Oldsale et Altne Ryding et Newhawe ‘ ad Angulu Bosci vocat Newwood excludendo New-wood et deinde sequendo Bundas cujusdam Bosci vocat Southwicke Coppice quondam vocat Boscum de Southwicke usq ad Howgate includendo Southwicke Coppice et excludendo Villa Campos Boscos Clausur pianos et Territorias de Southwicke et excludendo Villa Campos Boscos Clausur et Terri-toria de Cotherstocke et Grapthorne et ab How-

site sequendo Bundas inter Boscum vocat Colesters et oscum Comit de New port vocat Howewoode excludendo Howwood et quasdam Clausur vocat Stockwell Closes et includendo ilia partem {Jdict Bosci vocat Cdesteres qui non imparcatur in parcum de Ape-thorpe et sic excludendo parcum de Apethorpe et sequendo Bundas ejusdem parci includendo Morehaye Launde et Morehaye Woods usq Apethorpe Green et includendo Horeshowes ad Bundas de Clifte includendo Cliffe et excludendo Calvehey Woods et Calvehey Closes usq ad Calvehey Bridge et excludendo illas partes Ville et Campor de Apethorpe que jacent ex australi et occidentali partibu6 Rivuli ibidem et includendo illas partes Ville et Campor de Apethorpe |Jdict que jacent ex Boreali et Orientali partibus ejusdem Rivuli et includendo Boscos vocat Sulehey Femes et Shortwoods et a Villa de Apethorpe descendendo per Ripam Rivuli fidict ad Villa de Wood Newton excludendo Campos et Territoria de Wood Newton pdict que jacent ex australi parte Rivuli ^dict et includendo Residuu Ville Campor Boscoru et Territorial de Wood Newton except Bosco prioris de Finshed vocat Hall ats the Prior’s Hall cum Watergalls et Manerio predict prioris ibidem et Feodo de Holt et de Eketon et Bosco ibidem vocat Newton Spinney Que omnia excluduntur extia Forests et sic sequendo Rivulu predict usq ad Bundas de Fotheringhay apud Walcott Hedge excludendo Villa Campos Boscos parcu Clausu et Territoria de Fotheringhay et includendo Villa Campos Boscos Terr et Territoria de Nassington except le Southfeilde de Nassington predict qui excluditur extra Forest et sic descendendo inter le Southfeild predict et Villa de Nassington usq ad Ripam de Nene et de inde sequendo Ripam de Nene includendc Villa Campos Boscos et Territoria de Yarwell (Except quibusdum Boscis vocat Ringhaw ats Dringhawe Whiteley’s Bush Shrubbs et Linnes Copice qui excluduntur extra Forests et sic ulterius sequendo Ripam de Nene usq ad Caput Ville de Walmsford et de Walmeslorde ascendendo per via vocat le Justice Rydinge usq Gibbes Crosse et de inde usq4 portam vocat Swearing Gate excludendo Boscos vocat Thomhaugh Woods et Johns Woods et excludendo totum parcum de Clifte et includendo predict Boscos de Sulehey Femes et Shortwood usq ad Bundas de Clifte et includendo Villa; Campos Boscos et Territoria de Clifte predict (except parco predict sequendo Bundas de Clifte Parke usq ad Bundas de Westhey apud Kingsale Gate Et ibidem includendo Westhey Woods et excludendo VillS Campos Boscos et Territoria de Wyttering et excludendo VillS Campos Boscos et Territoria de Easton sequendo Bundas de Westhey W'oods usq ad Homcstock et de inde usq ad Colliweston Gate et ab inde sequendo Bundas de Westhey Woods usq ad Bundas de Duddington includendo Westhey Woods et Cattesmere Copice et excludendo Boscos dc Colli-weston ct ab Angulo de Cattesmere Coppice inclu-

dendo Cornwell Greene usq ad Culvemelles et de Ninth Report inde sequendo Bundas de Duddington que dividunt a th*®oardof Colliweston usq ad Ripam de Weyland excludendo 1111 6veD*f‘ Villa Campos Boscos Terras et Territoria de Colliweston. et includendo Villas Campos Boscos Terras et Territoria de Duddington et sic sequendo Ripam de Weyland usq Duddington Foord et de inde sequendo Campos de Duddington usq ad Portam de Westhey Woods vocat Duddington Gate excludendo Villa Campos Boscos et Territoria de Wakerley et a Duddington Gate sequendo Bundas de Westhey Woods usq ad Duddington Fair Tree et ab inde sequendo le Justice Rydinge inter Westhey Woods ac Terras et Boscos nuper prioratus dc Finshed usq ad Setehil)

Gate excludendo Scitum et Ambitu diet nuper Prioratus et Boscos Clausu Terr et Territoria ejusdem nup prioratus de Finshed et a Setehill Gate sequendo Bundas de Westhey Woods usq ad Cliffe Whitestone excludend Boscu vocat B ----- --sale et quasdam Clau-

sur vocat Blatherwicke Closes et a Clifte Whitestone sequendo Bundas de Clifte que dividunt a Blatherwicke includendo Clifte et transeundo Rivulum ibidem usq ad Bundas de Morehey Woods et sic sequendo Bundas de Morehey Woods que dividunt a Blatherwicke usq ad Bulwicke Gate excludendo Villa Campos Boscos Parcu Terr et Territoria de Blather-wick et a Bulwicke Gate descendendo per Bundas de Morehey Woods juxta Bulwicke Shortleys et ibidem transeundo Vi2 Regia in divis de Bulwicke usq ad Bundas predict Boscoru vocat Earle’s Woods excludendo Bulwicke Shortleys et sic sequendo Bundas de Earle’s Woods que dividunt quibusdam pastur vocat Edye Woodes excludendo Edy Woodes et tota Villa Campos Boscos Terras et Territoria de Bulwicke et excludendo ViilS Campos Boscos Terr et Territoria de Laxton et excludendo Villas Campos Boscos Terras Planas et Territoria de Deen et Deenthorpe predict et includendo Boscos de Earle’s Woods usq le Blindstile in Hawke’s Oakes Coppice existed prima Bunda Forest predict in Foresta sive Ballivat de Clive ats Clifi’e ut supradictum est ET POSTREMO Jura-tores predict dicunt super Sacrum suit quod nulla alia sive plura Maneria Ville Terr Bosci Loca sive Territoria quecunq ultra vel extra Metas Limites vel Bundas prseantea menconat esse Bunde Forest predict sunt infra Terminos Metas Bundas vel I iinites Forest predict vel vulgariter cognit fuerunt esse infra Ter-minos Metas Bundas vel Limites Forest predict in Anno vicesimo Dili Regis Jacobi supradict predict sepalibus parcellis pantea menconat fore deaftorestat per scperales Literns Patentes dicti Dili Regis nunc Caroli solumodo excepts IN CUJUS REI TESTIMONIUM huic psenti Inquisiconi tain Coinmis-sionarij predict quam Juratof predicti Sigilla sua ap-posuerunt datum die Anno et Loco supradicts.

In psentia

Charles Cockayne Viridar Balliat dc stockinghame & Brigstock.

Thomas Elmes Uh Viridar Forrest sive Balliat de Cliffe.

Thomas Ekins. John Ekins. Wittm Tayler. John Hewit.

Law. Manley.

John Lucas.

Henry Weltden.

John Lumley.

William Cradock.

Wittm Maydwell.

Wm Stringer.

John Atkins.

This is a true Copy of the Record filed in the Petty Bag Office.

Tluf Maidham, a Clerk in the said Office.

Vol. 47.

13° Febnutrii.

A. 1792

Ninth "Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

' ~ ' N* 2.

A LIST of divers Grants from the Crown, of Lands, Offices, and Privileges, within the Forest of

Rockingham.

In ROCKINGHAM BAILIWICK:

2i Nov. l Mary - - To Edward , Esqr, in

Fee.

15 Dec. 13 Ja. I. - - To Sir Robert Rich, in Fee.

q July, 14 Eliz.- - To Sir in

Fee.

22 July, 5 Cha. I. - - To Sir Christopher Hatton, in

Fee.

5 July, 25 Eliz.- - To Sir Christopher Hatton, in

Fee.

10 July, 4 Cha. I. - - To Edward Lord

for Three Lives.

29 June, 14 Cha. I. - To Lewis , Esqr.

Of the Manor and Hundred of Corby, with all Woods, Underwoods, &c.

Of the Woods and Woodlands, called Corby Woods, known by the several Names of Sower Leaze, Lower Sower Leaze, Bare Wood, and divers others, within the Manor of Corby, containing 1,224 Acres.

Of cetain Woods, called Cotlingham Woods, Middleton Thicke, Great and Little Coppice,

and divers others.

Of certain Woods, Coppices, and Woodlands, called Pipewell Woods, in or near the West Bailiwick; and also divers Woods near Benefield Woodhawe,

and Corby Woods.

Of the Custody, Herbage, and Pannage of the Lawn of Benef eld; and the Office of Keeper of the Deer there; and divers other Offices, within the Bailiwick of Rockingham.

Of the Office of Master Forester of the Bailiwick of Rockingham; and of the several Walks called the Lawn of Benef eld, Corby Woods, Woodhawe, hawe, and H esthawe, or West Bailey, in the said Bailiwick of Rockingham; and of Geddiugton Woods, in the Bailiwick of Brigstock.

Of the Castle, Town, and Park of Rockingham.

In BRIGSTOCK BAILIWICK:

1 Dec. 5 Ja. I. To Roger Montagu, and others,

in Fee.

23 Dec. 45 Eliz.- - Robci't Earl of Salisbury, in

Fee.

9 Mar. 5 Ja. I. - - - To Henry Lord in

Fee.

25 Feb. 3 Cha. I, - - To John Lord Mordaunt, in

Fee.

23 July, 4 Cha. I. - - To Nicholas Esq', and

Clement Bellamy, Gent, in Fee.

Of divers Lands in the Parish of Brigstock, and elsewhere, within the Forest of Rockingham, reserving all Forest Rights over the same.

Of the Great and Little Parks of Brigstock ——

N. B. This Grant was confirmed by subsequent Letters Patent, dated 2 March, 9th James 1st, by which the said Parks were put out of the Regard of the Forest.

Of 254 J Acres of Woodland, assorted in the Parish of Aldztiincle, in the Forest of Rockingham.

Of certain Coppices, called Stansoke Coppice, Old Dry Hill, Nether Laundimore, and divers others, in the

Bailiwick of Farming Woods, containing 704 a. 3r. Except the Timber and Saplings, and the Herbage of the said Woodlands for the Deer; also the Office of (valect Forestar) Page or Groom Keeper of Farming Woods, and of the Woods, Underwoods, and Woodlands, within the said Bailiwick.

Of all Timber Trees and Saplings in the Coppices comprised in the last mentioned Grant, containing 704 a. 3 r. and in divers other Coppices in the Walks of Moorhay and Weslhay, in the Bailiwick of Cliffe.

26 Feb.

32 Geo. III. 13°

205

26 Feb. 3 I.

20 Aug. 4 I.

17 Jan. 28 . II.

To Edward Lord Montagu, Of certain Coppices, called Uphill Coppice, Co/epit Report

in Fee. Coppice, Luscott's Coppice, and divers others in®oar(11,1

ding ton Woods, within the llailiwick of Brig.stock, y jv<-uue.

excepting all Timber Trees and Saplings, and all the

Herbage of the said Woodlands for the Deer and

Wild Beasts there, and all Mines; and also of the

Office of (valect Forestar) Page or Groom Keeper

of Geddington Woods Walk.

To Edward Lord Montagu, Of the Timber and Saplings excepted by the preccd-

in Fee. ing Grant.

To the same, in Fee. Of the whole Walk of Geddington Woods, and Two

Lodges, with the small Closes thereto belonging, and the inclosed Lawns there, with Two Plains, called Langley Plain and Hassocks Plain; and all Wrays, Roads, and other Plains there; and all the Deer in Geddington Woods Walk aforesaid, with the Privileges of Free Chase and Free W’arren there.

In CLIFFE BAILIWICK:

24 April, 5 Edw. VI. - To Sir Walter in

Fee.

29 Jan. 3 & 4 Phil. & Mary, To Sir Walter Mildmay, in

Fee.

3 Aug. 13 Eliz.- - To Sir Walter Mildmay, in

Fee.

10 May, 11 Ja. I. - - To Sir in

Fee.

23 Dec. 11 Ja. I. - - To Thomas Kirkham, in Fee.

30 May, 4 Cha. I. - T 0 Nicholas Pay and Clement

Bellamy, in Fee, in Trust for the Earl of Westmoreland.

23 July, 4 Cha.I. - - To the same Persons, in Fee.

4 April, 4 Cha. I, - - To William Cooper, Esqr, in

Fee.

N° 3.

The 21st March 1674. Robert Lackston, aged about Forty-four Years, Keeper of a Walk within his Majesty's Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, called Wood Walk, doth depose, That he having been Keeper of the said Walk for above Five Years last past, and born within the Parish of Gretton, where he has lived all his Life Time, doth very well know the Lawn called Benefield Lawn, lying within the said VOL, 47.

Of the Manors of Apelhorpe, Wood Nezclon and well, and the Park of Apelhorpe, with their Appurtenances.

Of the Office of Forester and Keeper of Sulthay Fct'ius and Shorluood, within the Bailiwick of Clijj'e.

Of divers Woods and Coppices within the Walks of Sulchay Farms and Shorlu ood, except all Oak Trees Ten Inches Square, Three Feet above the Ground, and sufficient Browse for the Queen’s Deer, and other wild Beasts there.

Of divers Lands, called Bushrobs, Springhaxve, ats Bringhazce, Caldey, and Dicks, within the

Bailiwick of Cliff'e.

Of divers Lands, called East and West Bodlaus, Long Hedges, Monk's Dick, and many others, in the Manor and Parish of Sonthuick, in the Bailiwick of Cliff'e.

Of certain Coppices, called Great and Little Tollcnhoe Coppices, Old Sale Coppice, Coppice, and divers

others, containing together 1,52.5 Acres within the Walks of Moorkayand except all Oaks Ten Inches square, Three Feet from the Ground, and the Lops and Tops of all Oaks, being Timber; and all Mines; and the Herbage of the said W’ood-lands for Hie King’s Deer, and other Wild Beasts; also the Office of Forester, or Keeper of the Lawn of Moorhay.

Of all the Timber Ti ees, Lops and Tops, See. except and reserved by the last mentioned Grant.

Of the Office of Forester and Keeper of JEesthaye.

Forest, which he conceiveth may contain about Three Hundred and Fifty Acres of plain Ground Statute Measure, without any Trees upon it, not commonable to any Parish. And also the West Bailiwick or West Walk lying within the said Forest, which he conceiveth may contain about Two hundred and Sixty Acres of Wood Ground, Forest Measure, to which there is about Sixty Acres of Plains adjoining, commonable for all Cattle. And also the W oods called alias Wadehaxc, and ThornehawWoods, lying within the said Forest, which he conceiveth may contain about Three hundred Acres of Forest Measure. And 3 G a!,u

Ninth Report also the Woods, called Corby Woods, in the said Fo-Land'iFfT*!^ rest, which he conceiveth may contain about Four v n 'j hundred and Ten Acres of Forest Measure; to which

there is a Plain adjoining, called Rockinghamhire, containing, as he conceiveth, about Three hundred Acres, commonable for all Cattle. And also the Woods, called Gretton Wood Walk, within the said Forest, consisting of several Parts, whereof One Part, called Gretton Woods, he conceiveth may contain about Six hundred and Sixty Acres of Forest Measure; and One other Part, called Little Welden Woods, about Two hundred Seventy-five Acres of like Measure; and another Part, being Part of Corby Woods, within the said Walk, he conceiveth may contain about Four hundred and Fifty Acres of Statute Measure: All which said Wood Grounds, called The West Walk, Woodhaw ats Thorn-haw Woods, Corby Woods, and the said Woods in Gretton Woods Walk, are Coppice Woods, and commonable by the Great Cattle of the adjacent Towns at the End of Seven Years after the Fall of any of the said Coppice Woods. And there is also Three Plains, called BloxvesPlain, Fulling Plain, and Middle Plain or Straights, containing together about a Hundred Acres; and another Plain, Part also of Rock-inghamshire, containing about a Hundred Acres more, all lying within the said Walk, called Gretton Woods Walk; the First Three Plains being commonable to the Great Cattle of Gretton Parish, and the aforesaid Part of Rocking hams hire being commonable for all Cattle within the said Parish of Gretton.

That the Premises are divided into Five Walks, to every of which there is a Keeper’s Lodge, and about Two Acres of Ground inclosed to every one of them.

That these Walks lie all contiguous and adjoining together, and do now maintain about Four hundred Deer in the Whole, whereof there is usually served, upon His Majesty’s Warrants, about a Brace of Bucks, and a Brace of Does, Yearly, out of each Walk.

And this Deponent likewise saith, all the said Walks and Premises do lie distinct from the Residue of the said Forest, the nearest Part being about Two Miles from Farming Woods, and as far from Geddington Woods, and about Four Miles from Westy and Moory Walks, being all Parts of the said Forest of Rockingham.

William Jones, aged about Eight-and-Forty Years, Keeper of the West Walk above mentioned, for about Nine Years last past, and born in the Lodge belonging to it, where he hath lived all his Life, do testify the Truth of the above Deposition of Robert Lackston.

JuranV 2i° Die Martij Rob. Laxton.An° 1676. Coram me,

William Jones. B. Bertie.

A true Copy of the Original Deposition remaining in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, examined

by

Wm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N* 4.

ELIZABETHA Dei Gratia Anglie Francie et Hi-bemie Regina Fidei Defensor &c. Omnibus ad quos presentes litere pervenerint Salutem cum nos ante hac per Literas nostras patentes gerentes datas vicesimo octavo die Decembris anno Regni nostri decimo quarto pro consideratione in eisdem Literis Patentibj mentional Dederimus et concesserimus pro nobis Heredibus et Successoribus nostris dilecto et fideli Servienti nostro Carolo Morysin Armigero Custo’d lande nostre de Benefeld infra Forestam nram de Rockingham in

Comitatu nostro Northampton unacum Offic Valect et Gromef Custod ejusdem lande et ferar nostrarum infra landem nram predictam ac etiam Officium Custod de le Outwoods vocat Thomehawe Wood Woodehaw alias Wadehawe et Corby Woodes infra ferestam nrm predictam in Comitatu nostro predicto ac etiam Officium Custod de Gratton Woods et de le West Baili-wicke infra predictam forestam nram de Rockingham ac infra Ballivam nram de Rockingham in foresta nostra de Rockingham predicta in comitatu nostro predicto. Ac etiam Custod et Gubernacionem omniu ferSr nrar infra landam Offic Silvas et Ballivam nostram predict Et ipsum Carolum Morison Custod omniu ferar nrar infra landam Offic Silvas et Ballivam predict Fecerimus et constituerimus per easdem literas patentes Que omnie et singula Offic et cetera premissa Johannes Farmor miles ad tunc nuper antea habuit et occupavit et ad manus nras per sive post mortem ejusdem Johannis Farmor devenerunt Habendum gauden-dum et tenendum occupanduin et exercendum predict Offic et eor quodlibet prefato Carolo Moryson per se-ipsum sive per sufficientum deputatum suum sive de-putatos suos sufficientes pro termino vite ipsius Caroli Moryson unacum omnibus Vadiis et aliis proficuis quibuscunque eisdem officiis et or cujlibet debit et consuef pro ut per easdem literas patentis Inter alia in eisdem Content plenius liquet et apparet. q’uasqui-dam literas patentes prefatus Carolus Moryson nobis in Canccllariam nram restituit et sursum reddidit Can-cellancl ea intentione quod nos alias literas nostras patentes de officiis predictis et ceteris premissis in pre-dictis prior literis patentibus mentional et specificat dilecto et fideli Consiliario nostro Christophero Hatton militi Vice camera? nostro sub magno Sigillo nostro Anglie facere dignaremur. Sciatis quod nos in consideracone sursum reddiconis predicte quam in hac parte acceptamus ac in consideracone boni veri fidelis et acccptabilis Servicii nobis per prefat. Christoferu Hatton militem Vice CaiQariu nostrum predictum ante hac multipliciter impens de Gratia nostra speciali ac ex certa Scientia et inero motu nostris dedimus et concessimus Et per presentes pro nobis Heredibus et Successoribus nostris Damus et concedimus prefato Christophero Hatton Custod lande nostre de Benefeld predict, infra forestam nostram de Rockingham in predicto Comitatu nostro Northampton; unacum Offic Valect et Gromet. Custod. ejusdem lande et feraf nostra? infra landam nostram predictam, ac etiam officium Custod de le Outwoods vocat Thornehawe Wood, Woodhaw alias Wadehawe, et Corby Woods infra forestam nostram predictam in comitatu nostro predicto; ac etiam Officiu Custod de Gretton Woods alias Gratton Woods predict et de le West Bailywicke infra predictam forestam nostram de Rockingham ac infra Ballivam nostram de Rockingham in foresta nostra de Rockingham predicta. DAMUS et concedimus etiam pro nobis Heredibus et Successoribus nostris per presentes prefato Christophero Hatton Custod et Gubernacem omniu fera? nostra? infra landam offic, Silvas et Ballivam nostram predictam et ipsum Christopherum Hatton Custod omniu ferar nostra? infra? landam Offic Silvas et Ballivam predcas facimus et constituimus per presentes Habendum Gau-dendum Tenendum Occupandum et Exercendum predict Officia et eor quodlibet et predict Custod et Gu-bernationem et earum quamlibet prefato Christophero Hatton Heredibus et Assignatis suis ad solum opus et usum dicti Christopheri Hatton Heredum et Assignator suor imperpetuum, occupand, et excercend, per seip-sum vel seipsos sive per sufficientem deputatera suum sive deputatos suos sufficientes quoscunque imperpetuum; Unacum omnibus vadijs et aliis proficuis quibuscunque eisdem Officiis et Custod et eor, euitibet sui alicui debet et consuet Solvend et annuatim perci-piend eidm Christophero Hatton Heredibus et assignatis suis per manus Rangeator foreste nostre predicte de pecuniis

32 Gfio. III.

13° Februarii.

207

pecuniis et Reventionibj annuatim solus ad feod premis sive eof aliquod licet prefatus Christopherus Ninth Report Castri de Rockingham ad festa Sancti Michaelis Hatton Heredes vel assignati sui aut eof aliquis aut Revenue Archangeli et Pasche per equales portiones simul cum aliquis deputat eof seu eof alicujus Offic et Custod aD ' oibj aliis proficuis comoditatibj et advantagiis dicti predict et ceter premis seu eof aliquo vel aliqua se-oflic Custod et eof cuilib* seu alicui spectan in tam cundum legis excigentiam non utatur aut non uten-amplis modo et forma Prout Pred Johannes Farmor tur sed abutatur aut abutentur, ac insuper Volumus ac aut Carolus Moryson aut aliqua alia persona sive per- per presents pro nobis Heredibus et Successoribus sone preantea dicta officia et custod vel eof aliquam nostris de Gratia nostra Speciali ac ex certa Sci-vel aliquod oecupans sive occupantes babuerunt seu entia et mero motu nostris concedimus prefato perceperunt habuit seu percepit in et pro executio eof Christophero Hatton Heredibus et Assignatis suis quod officior et Custod vel eof, alicujus. Ac insuper de bene liccat et licebit eidem Christophero Hatton He-uberiori gratia nostra speciali ac ex certa Scientia et redibj et Assignatis suis ad eof libitum et bene placi-mero motu nostris Dedims et concessimus et pro nobis turn de tempore in tempus de cetero imperpetuum Heredibus et Successor^ nostris per presentes Da- cum septibus rationabilibus aut fossatis Assertare in-mus et concedimus eidem Christophero Hatton tam cludere et in coppiciare omnes et Singulos boscos et in predicta landa nostra de Benfeld et in pred. Bose subboscos terras Boscales suos vocat Gretton Woods vocat Thomhaw Woods alias Wadehawe Corby seu Gratton Woods and Little Welden Woods seu Woodes, Gratton Woods, quam in dicta Silva vulgarit vocat vel Cognit per Aliquod vel aliqua nomTum nuncupat le West Bailiwick et in eof aliqua omnes et predict et eof quamlibt et quamlibet jacen seu existen quascunque arbof que vento seu aliquo also aviis im- infra forestam nostram de Rockingham predcam nec petu impostef aliquo tempore prostrat exunt Anglice non similit ad eof seu eof alicujus libitum ct bene vocat Windfall Trees nec non omnes et singulas ar- placitum succidere amputare aspertare et abcarriare bores et boscos, vulgariter nuncupat Deer fallen wood omnes et omnimod boscos subboscos et arborcs quas-Browsewood & vermin Trees ac omnes mort. Bose cunque de in et super boscos subbosc terf boscat et non portan folia tain infra dictam landatn de Benefield Coppiceas suas predictas de tempore in tempus creccii quam :n predict Bose aut in eof aliquo. Habendum sive existen Ac etiam boscos subboscos Coppiceas et et percipiendum easdem arbores vocat Windfallen terf boscat suas predictas ad libitum et bene placitum Woods, Deerfallen Wood, Browsewood, Vermin ipTus Christopheri Hatton Heredum et Assignatof Trees, et mort Bose, prefato Christophero Hatton suof de tempore in tenipus includere et inclus custo-Heredibj et assignatis suis ad solum opus et usam dire et retinere post aliquam Succisionem ear demet dicti Christopheri Hatton Heredum et assignatof suor ea omnia agere facere et per implere absque aliqua in-perpetuum absque aliquo pro inde nobis Heredibus licentia nfas heredum vel Success of nrofautde vel ab vel Successoribus nostris reddendo solvendo vel faci- aliquo Justiciario forest predict viridaf Gardien lo-endo. Et ulterius sciatis quod nos de amplior gratia cum tenen Regardatof seu ministr nfi heredum vel nostra ac ex certa Scientia et mero motu nostris De- Success of nostror sive aliquibus Justiciar forest viridaf dimus et concessimus ac pro nobis Heredity et Sue- Gardien locum tenen Regardatof seu ministris nostris cessorib^ nostris per presentes Damus et concedimus vel Success of nostr forcste de Rockingham pfed seu eidem Christophero Hatton Heredibus et assignatis eof alicujus vel aliquibus Ofiiciaf Custod et Ministr suis cum offic predict totum illud Capitat Messuagium nostf Hered vel Success of nor quibuscunq foreste nfe nostrum vocat the lande lodge, infra landam nostram predicte Hend obtinend seu impetrand et absque ali-predictam. Habendum et Tenendum dcum Capitat quo impediments occasione seu calumnia capitat Jus-Messuagium profato Christophero Hatton heredib3 et titiaf nostri heredum vel Success of nostror foreste assignatis suis ad solum opus et usum dicti Christopheri predicte aut alicujus alterius Official' Custod vel mi-Hatton Heredum et Assignatof suof imperpetu. Vo- nistr nfi vel Success of nfor cujuscunque aut aliquof lumus tamen quod Gardianus Foreste nostre predicte Officiof nfo Custod vel Ministror nfor aut Success of nfor pro tempore existen et assignati sui si voluerint habe- quorum cunque aliqua lege Statuto vel Actu Par-bunt et exercebunt predict capitat Messuagium de liamenti Aut Aliquibus legibus Statutis vel Actibus tempore in tempus quam diu moram traxerit vel Parliament aut Aliqua alia recausa vel materia qua-traxerunt ibidem ad super intend forestam nostram cunque in contrariu inde non obstan et hoc absque predictam et non aliter absque impeticione pred aliquo brevi de ad quod dampnu seu aliquibus aliis Christopheri Heredum vel Assignatof suor sive eof brevibus sive Inquisionibus aut mandat super inde alicujus. Et preterea de uberiori Gratia nostra ac ex habend field aut prosequend. Volumus etiain ac per certa Scientia et mero motu nostris dedimus et con- presentes concedimus prefato Christophero Hatton cessimus ac pro nobis Heredibus et Successoribj nostris quod habeat vel habebit has Lras nostras patentes per presentes damus concedimus et ad firmam dimit- submagno Sigillo nostro Anglie debito modo factas timus eidm Christophero Hatton totum Herbagium et et Sigillatas absque sine seu feodo magno vel parvo Pannagium lande nostre predicte. Habendum occu- nobis in Hanaperio nostro seu alibi ad usum nostrum pandum et Gaudendum dicti Herbagium et Panna- proinde quoquo modo reddendo solvendo vel faci-gium lande nostre predicte prefato Christophero Hat- endo. VOLUMUS etiam insuper quod prefatus ton Heredibq et assignatis suis ad solum opus et usum Christopherus Heredes et Assignati sui semper et de dicti Christopheri Hatton Heredum assignatof suor tempore in tempus impostef solvent et contentabunt imperpetuum solvend annuatim pro eisdem Herbagio quibuslibet Custod et Custod premiss unde Offic pre-et pannagio nobis Heredibus et Successoribus simit diet sic per presentes dat et conccss sues vel alicujus reddit et firm pro eisdem ab antiquo debit et consuet inde parcellaTra et singula feod eis vel eof alicui prout antea usitat et pro eisdem solut suit Et ulterius quoquo modo spectan vel pertinen debit seu Solvend volumus et per presentes concedimus pro nobis He- ac inde nos Heredes et Success nfos Acquietabunt redib3 et Successor^ nostris de Gratia nostra speciali exonabunt seu indempnes conservabunt imperpetuum ac ex certa scientia et mero motu nostris prefato Ac etiam Semper et de tempore in tempus facient per Christophero Hatton Heredib3 et Assignatis suis quod implebunt et per formabunt omnes et singulas repa-ipsi prefatus Christopherus Hatton Heredes et assig- racSnes premissof ultime recitat seu eof alicujus quo-nati sui semper impostef habebunt Gaudebunt et ex- ties opus fuerit imperpetuum EO QUOD EX-ercebunt Offic et Custod predict et cetera premissa PRESSA mentio de vatore Annuo aut de certitudine ad ejus et eof solum et proprium opus et usum absque premissof sive eof alicujus aut de aliis donis sive Con-aliqua condicone in lege Offic et Custod predict et cessionib3 per nos vel per aliquem pregenitof sive ceteris premissis sive eof vel eof alicui annex et absque predecessor nostror prefato Christophero Hatton aut periculo aliquo aut aliqua condicone in lege fores alicui alteri ante hec tempora fact in presentibus mi-faciend seu amittend offic et custod predict! et ceter nime fact existitant aliquo Statuto actu ordinatione Vo I. 47. provissione

N*n*h Report provissione proclamatione sive restrictione in contrarium LandRevenue. *n^e ante‘*iac habita facta edita ordinata seu provisa aut aliqua alia re causa vel materia quacunque in aliquo

non obstante IN CUJUS rei testimoniu has literas nostras* fieri fecimus Patentes Teste me ipsa apud Westmonasterium quin to die Julij anno regni nostri vicesimo quinto.

' COR-GERARD,

N8 5*

Whereas by an Inquisition taken at Kettering, in the County of Northampton, the 17th Day of August last past, by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to certain Commissioners in that Behalf directed (of which Commission and Inquisition the aforegoing are certified to be true Copies, as the same do remain of Record in Chan-ceryj It is found by the Oaths of good and lawful Men that the Launde of Benefield, within the Forest of Rockingham, in the County aforesaid, in the same Commission mentioned, as to Statute Measure, contains 384 Acres of Pasture, and no more, but as the Forest Measure contains 237 Acres, and no more, and that the Issues and Profits Annually accruing to the King from every Acre thereof, according to Forest Measure,

are of the clear Annual Value (beyond Reprises') of Four Pence and not above, which Quantities and Values of the Premises being so ascertained by the said Inquisition, These are to direct and require you to make forth a Constat of the said Premises from the said Commission and Inquisition, and rate the same, in order to the passing a Lease thereof, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, unto William Viscount Hatton, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the Term of 31 Years, or Three Lives (at the Option of the Lessee) reserving to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an Annual Rent of Four Pence upon each Acre, Forest Measure-, and you are to advise on the said Constat a Clause for discharging the Premises so to be leased of and from all Forest Duties for and during the said Term, as also all such other Clauses, Provisoes, and Covenants and Agreements, as you shall think advisable to be inserted in the said Lease, for rendering the same effectual as well with respect to the Lessee as to his Majesty’s Interest therein; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant.

Treasury Chambers, 16 December 1719.

J. Wallop.

To our very loving Friend, Geo.

Hugh Cholmley, Esquire, Wm,

His Majesty’s Surveyor General.

N* 6

Gentlemen, Board of Green Cloth, 10th June 1791.

I have caused the Books of this Office to be searched for Entries relative to Venison served from Rockingham Forest; and inclosed are Copies of such as have been found, together with an Account of the present Service from the different Walks of that Forest.

I am,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient

Commissioners of the Land Revenue Office. humble Servant,

F. H. Drake.

An ACCOUNT of the several Walks in Rockingham Forest, according to a List sent by the Lord Hatton to the Board of Green Cloth, upon Request of the several Keepers of the said Forest, on the 18th December

1704.

In Rockingham:

In Custody of the Lord Hatton:

The Lawn of Benyfield(disafforested 1719)

Gretton Woods Walk....

J Corby Woods Walk ....

j The West Walk or WestBaylifficick....

I Wade Haw & Thorn Haw is of so small an Extent that no Warrants have been directed thither.

Brace.

1

2

1

In Custody of the f Brigstock hath but One Walk.

Lady Robinson: \ Farming Woods Walk

In Custody of the Earl of

Westmoreland:

Baylifficick:

Moorehay Ltcwne (disafforested 1719)

Sulehay Walk (disafforested 1719) -Cross-a-hand Walk (disafforested 1719) -Blachnore Thick (disafforested 1719) Cowkes-Pitts doth not use to serve Warrants.

In Custody of the Earl of Exeter:

J Westhay Walk

1

1

1

1

13

Service in 1790.

Westhay Walk -

West Baylffwick ... Gretton Woods -Corby Woods - -

Farming Woods -

Brace.

1 ]

1* 4f

2 J

2

8

The

'by v

The 9th Day of June 1661, there was signed by His Majesty 17 Warrants for 34 Places, Forests, and Parks hereunder set downe:

1 To the Keeper of Hash-brow Walk — Whittlexvood.

1 To the Keeper of Wildhay Walke.

1 To the Keeper of Waktfield Walke.

1 To the Keeper ot Shelbrooke Lodge.

2 To the Keeper of Morlehay Lodge.

1 To the Keeper of Clyff Bayliwick.

1 To the Keeper of I Vest Bayliwick.

1 To the Keeper of the Lawn ot Benefield.

1 To the Keeper of Gullet Walke.

1 To the Keeper of Gretton Woods.

1 To the Keeper of Corby Woods.

1 To the Ranger of Salsey Forest.

1 To the Keeper of Farmingwoods, Forest.

1 To the Keeper of Gedyngton WoodsRockingham.

1 To the Keeper of Shulehay WalkeRockingham.

1 To the Keeper of Westy Bayliwick, Whittlexvood.

Bucks out of the several Ninth Report

of the Board of Land Hevenuf.

The 10th of July 1661, these Warrants were signed by His Majesty for Venison:

From Woodstock Parke, by One Warrant, One Brace of Bucks.

One Brace by another Warrant from Sparrows Walke, in Forest.

One Brace from Thomas Walke,

One Brace from Leonard Bowmans.....uts.

One Brace from the Ranger from the Forest, . uts.

Two Brace trom Richmond New Parke.

One Brace trom the North Parke of Hampton Court.

One Brace from the Middle Parke of . uts.

One Buck from the New Parke for the Cofferer.

One Buck for the Master of the Household, from the Keeper of Corby Woods.

One Buck for Sir H. Wood, from the Keeper of the North Parke of Hampton.

One Buck for Mr. Fox, trom the Keeper of the House Parke of Hampton.

One Buck trom Wokejiela Walke, for Sir George Barker.

One Buck from Non such Parke, for Sir Wm Bowman.

One Buck from New Parke, for Leonard Pinkney, Esqr, Chief Clerk of the Kitchen. One Buck from Sholbrook Lodge, for John Sayer, Esqr, Mar Cooke.

Gentlemen,

N* 7.

I RECEIVED your Letter by the last Post, requesting me to send you a List of the Offices and Officers for which the Deer out of my District of Rockingham Forest are supplied, shewing how many of each Sort are served for the Use of the King’s Household, how many returned to Orders from the Cofferer’s Office, or Clerk of the Venison Warrants, and the Number served to each of the Forest Officers, and by what Warrant.

I serve Annually to Warrants signed by Sr 1 delivered at the King’s Larder in S‘ James' To the Chief Justice in Eyre To his Clerk, as his Fee -To the Five Verdurers, &c. 2 Brace each -

Drake, and directed to be 1 Bucks. Br. Does. Br.

Place - 4 T 4 i

} ... . 1 1

J 10 10

Total ... 15F l5 T

The Verdurers write their Orders, and send them to the Keepers of the different Walks.

Kirby,

7th Feb. 1791.

The Commissioners of the Land Revenue Office.

I am,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient

humble Servant,

Geo. Finch Hatton.

Sir, Kirby, 27th February 1791.

In Compliance with the Request of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, I transmit you the Names of the Gentlemen to whom the Ten Brace of Bucks and Ten Brace of Does are Annually delivered, and the Titles of their respective Offices, and the Number supplied to each.

Vol. 47. 3 H Sir

13° Februani. 1T92-

Ninth Report of the Board of Land Revenue

Sir George Robinson, Baronet, Deputy Lieutenant of the Forest Sir William Dolben, Baronet ——

John Robinson, Esq' - -1

Samuel Isted, Esquire - -> Verderors

Thomas Thursby, Esquire -J

2 Br. 2 2 2 2

10

I am, Sir, =

Your most obedient

JVm Harrison, Esq'. humble Servant,

Geo. Finch Hatton.

N* 8.

Copy of an Antient Paper in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, intituled, " A State " of the Forrest of Rockinghamwithout Date, but

appearing to have been written prior to the Disafforestation of Geddington Woods Walk, in the Year 1676.

If it bee Examined, it will appeare that Woodes Walk differeth from the rest of the Walkes in Rockingham Forrest, for it lyeth on the Outside of the Forrest, by it self, and the Coppices thereof lye distinct by themselves, and not intermixed w'h any other Woodes of the same Forrest, but Separate there-from by the Common feildes of Stanyon and

little Oakcly; and in regard that all the Coppices and plaines are Comonable to ffive Townes, & nothing severall for the Deere but a small Bushey Lane of 13 Acres, affording no Hay for the Deer, so that no considerable Number of Deer can be maintayned, & if the Lord Montagu, who hath the Kecpership in fee, had not constantly, in the Time of Snow, or hard Weather, sent them Hay for their reliefe, out of his owne Groundes adjoyning to it, it would have had much fewer Deer in it.

For the rest of the Forrest it standes thus; the Lord Hatton hath the Kecpership of severall W’alkcs in Rockingham Baylyuick, and the Lord Rockingham one Walk, called Corby Woodes. The Woodes of Corby Walke are the Lord Cardigans; One Coppy amongst the Lord Rockingham. Almost in the midest of these Woodes, the Lord Hatton hath the Keepership of Benefeild Lawne, about 400 Acres 6f severall Groundes, wherein the Deer feed, & affordeth every Year soe great a Quantity of Hay that it doth not only serve the Deer, but severall Loadcs of Hay is sold to Neighboures of the Countrey every Year; of wth Woodes the Lord Hatton hath the Keepership, many of them belonging to others, as to Mr. Brent, Colting-ham & Middleton Woodes, to Mr. Brookes, of great Oakcly, a Wood called SoiCatlshcad to Mr. Donne hall, some Coppices in Welden Woodes to the Lord Rockingham, ffor farming Woods, wch are S' John Robinson's, and he hath the Keepership of them; there belongeth to that Walk a great Lawne about 200 Acres in Scveraltie, where the Deer doe feed; & a fair house upon it, & a great Quantity of Hay is got every Year for the Deer.

For Westhay Walk, in Cliff Bailiwick, the Woodes are the Lord Westmorelands's, & the Keepership belongeth to the Earle of Exeter; Moorehay, where are severall Walkes, the Lord Westmoreland hath the Keepership in fee, & most of the Woodes; The rest are the Lord Halyfaxes; there is a great Lawne in Morehay, about 300 Acres, where there is a great Herd of Deer, & a great quantitie of Hay got every Year for the Deer; Sulehay Walk, the Lord Westmoreland hath the Keepership in Fee, & a large Lawne in it; The Underwood belongeth to him, but the Great Oakes, of such a bignesse, are the King’s, and not

granted; the Sizes of small Oakes, or Saplings, that he may fell, is set downe in the Grant to his Ancestors. I think it was granted in Queene Mary's time.

A true Copy — Examined by

Wm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N° 9.

To the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

The humble Petition of Edward Lord Montagu, of Boughton, in the County of Northampton.

Humbly Sheweth,

That whereas Your Majesty’s Royal Father, by Letters Patent bearing Date the 26th Day of February, in the Third Year of His Reign, for the Consideration of 850/. did grant unto Your Petitioner’s Father, and his Heirs, all the several Coppices of Wood and Underwood lying in Geddington Woods, within the Bailiwick of Brigslock, within the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and the Soil thereof, under the Yearly Fee Farm Rent of 10/., excepting the Timber Trees, and the Herbage for the Feed of the Deer, and all Mines therein; And by the said Letters Patent did also grant unto Your said Petitioner's Father, and his Heirs, the Office of Under Forrester of the said Woods called Geddington R oods. And whereas Your Majesty’s Royal Father, by other Letters Patent bearing Date the 20,h Day of August, in the 4th Year of his Reign, for the Consideration of 1,000l. did grant unto Your Petitioner’s Father, and his Heirs, the said Timber Trees so formerly excepted; which said Woods is one of the Walks of the said Forest of Rockingham, and is mentioned in the said Letters Patents by Estimation to contain 708 Acres, One Rood, and besides the Herbage and Mines so excepted as aforesaid, in the said First Letters Patents, there is still remaining the re to Your Majesty, the Deer, the Lodges, a little Lawnd of Ten Acres in Severalty, and the Ridings and Plains which are Commonable, but all of an inconsiderable Value, and nothing of Revenue or Profit. — Now whereas the said Walk lieth very near the Chief Mansion House of the said Petitioner, and the said Walk, and the Coppices thereof, lie distinct by themselves, and not intermixed with any other Woods of the same Forest, but separate therefrom by Common Fields; and that it will be a great Grace and Favour from Your Majesty, and an Accommodation of much Pleasure to Your Petitioner and his Family, to have the same made a Chase, and to remain to them so, yet, nevertheless, subject to the Common and Interest of the Commoners:

Your Petitioner most humbly beseecheth that Your Majesty, of Your Grace and Favour, will be pleased to grant unto Your Petitioner, and his Heirs, the said Game of Deer, Herbage, Lodges, Lawnd, Ridings and Plains, and that the same, together with the said Woods and Coppices, may be turned into a

Free

32 Geo. III.

13° Feb ma

211

Free Chase, and granted to your Petitioner, and his Heirs, discharged from the Forest and Forest Laws.

And Your Petitioner, as in Duty bound, shall pray, &c.

Edward Montagu.

At the Court at Whitehall, Septr 21" 1676.

His Majesty, being graciously disposed to gratify the Honorable Petitioner in any reasonable Suit, is pleased to refer the Consideration of this Petition to the Right Honorable the Lord High Treasurer of England, to report what His Majesty may fitly do in it for the Honorable Petitioner’s Gratification, whereupon His Majesty will declare His further Pleasure.

Williamson.

Wallingford House, the j'h October 167G.

My Lord Treasurer is pleased to refer this Petition to Sir Charles Harbord, Knight, His Majesty’s Surveyor

General, to examine the Nature and Value of the Grant desired by the Honorable Petitioner, and to report his Opinion therein to his Lordship.

Cha. Bertie.

May it please your Lordship,

I have considered this Petition of my Lord Montagu, and have perused the several Letters Patents therein mentioned, the first dated 26"’ February An4 3° Nup Rs Carol, containing a Grant to Edward Lord Montagu, deceased (the Petitioner’s Father) his Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Consideration of 850/. paid ad lleceptum Sccarij, of the several Coppices called Geddington Woods, mentioned in the said Letters Patents to contain 708 Acres, and One Rood, lying within His Majesty’s Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, wherein all Timber Trees and

tMlIJ*-.

taken above a Brace of Bucks, and a Brace of Does, Ninth Repo t Yearly: That there is no Hay growing within the.

said Walk; but this Honorable Petitioner hath usually an made the Keepers an Allowance of Hay out of his own Grounds, for the better Support of the Deer in Winter Season; and hath also allowed them Running for some Horses in his Coppices, the said Lawn being not sufficient to feed them, which is a Detriment to his Woods; and they believe it will be no Prejudice to any other Part of the said Forest, to have this Walk taken out of it.

In case His Majesty shall be pleased to turn the said Walk into a Free Chase, as is humbly desired, I think it may be convenient for Mr. Attorney to take Care that it extend not farther than the Fences and Boundaries of the said Woods, Lawn, Ridings, Plains, and Roads aforesaid.

Which, nevertheless, I most humbly submit to your Lordships Judgment.

C. Harbord.

1" Deer

The foregoing are true Copies of the Entry in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, examined by

Jl" Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N4 10.

Decima nona Pars PATEN tie Anno Regni Rs Caroli TER CIO.

D. Concess Jofii Dno Mor-1 REX Omibj ad quos dant Sibi Sc Hered. J See. Saltm SCIATIS Qd nos tarn p Sc in Consideracoe Surne Mille Centum Sc quinquagirit Libia? Legal Monetc Anglie ad Recept Sccij nri W'estiu ad Usum nrm p ditem nob

Saplings, and Royal Mines, and Herbage for the Deer, Joftem Dnm Mordant de Turvey p Manibj bene & are especially excepted ;and containing a Grant of the fidcliV solu't unde fateitt nos plena? fore sarisfact Sc Office of Under Forester of the W alk called Geddington

Woods, to the said Lord Montaghis Heirs and A ssigns, to commence from the Death of William Earl of Exeter, since deceased, together with all Fees, Profits, and Commodities thereunto belonging.

The Second Patent, dated 20th August, 4" ejusd. Rs in Consideration of 1,000l. paid at the said Receipt, containing a Grant of all the said Timber Trees and Saplings, to the said Lord Montagu, his Heirs and

psolut Enndemq^ Johem Dnm Mordant llercdes Ex-ecutores Sc Administrators suos Sc eor quefnlt inde Sc de qualt inde parcel! acquietat & exontat esse imppm p psentes qm p diVsis alijs bonis Causis Sc Consideracoiby nos ad psens spialri moyen. Nec-non de Avisament pdilect pqm fidel Dno? Sc also? de privato Consilio n?o de G?a n?a SpTali ac ex <?ta Sciencia Sc inero motu nris Dedim* & Concessim’ ac p psentis p noti Ileredibj Sc Succcssopib^ nris Dam’ Sc Conceding1 pfato Jofii Dno Mordant Here-

Asigns, to be taken at in’s and their Will and Piea- efib^ & Assignatis suis (inter alia) Officiu Valect Forest

nost? Heredum & Successor nro? de Farming Wood nocnon Omn Bosco? Subbosco? Copicia? & T*Var Boscat pdict infra Ballivat de Farming Wood pdict infra diet Forest de Rockingham ac ipiii Johem Dnm Mordant Heredes Sc Assign snos Valect Forest Sc Valect Forest nros Heredum Sc Successo? nror de Farming Wood Reddit necnon in omibj Bose Subbosc Copicijs & Terr Boscat pdict infra Ballivat de Farming Wood pdict p nob Herediby Sc Successoribj nris Facia? Ordinam’ Sc Constituim5 p psentis Habend Tenendum Gaudendum occupand & expend Olfic

sure.

Touching the Quantity and Value of the Lodges, Lawn, Ridings, and Plains, mentioned in this Petition, which are still in the Crown, and whereof this Honorable Petitioner desires a Grant, together with the Game of Deer within the said Walk, and the Benefit thereof, and the Liberty and Franchise of Free Chase within the same, to be granted to his Lordship and his Heirs, I am informed, by the Testimony of Norwich Wignall, Gentleman, who hath been Keeper

of the said Walk for above 30 Years last past, and

other Persons of good Credit, upon their Oaths, That pdict pfato Johi Dno Mordant Hercdibj Sc Assignatis the said Lodges and Lawn do not contain above Thirteen suistam p se cjtn p sufiicientem Deputat suit sive Acres of enclosed Ground, and in Severalty; and that Deputat suos sufticien imediate post Mortem pditet the said Ridings, Plains, and Roads, lying within and Sc pqm fidef Consanguin & Consiliar nri Witti modo between the said Woods and Coppices, do not con- Coin Exon vel a Tempore quo Ofiic itt qd dciis Ser-

tain above One hundred and Ninety Acres of Com- viens nost: Milo Fleetwood Miles p Assignacoem

monable Ground, by Statute Measure, wherein His inde p pfatum Comitem ei fact modo Iiet Sc tenet

Majesty hath only the Right of Soil, and Feeding p Sursumreddicoem sive p quccunq* aliu legalem

for his Deer, open and subject to the Feeding of Modum Primo & px vacavat aut ad Manus nras the Commoners Cattle of Five Towns adjacent, and Heredum vel Successor nro? devenire contig^it unacum the Highways leading through the same; so that there omibj & singulis vad Feod pfic Comoditat & Ad-canuot be well kept above Two hundred Deer upon vantag diet Officio Spectan sive ptinen in tarn amplis the said Walk, whereo0 His Majesty hath not usually Modo & Forma p ut deus Witts Comes Exon aut Vol. 47. aliqus

212 13° Februarii. . 1792.

Ninth Report aliquis alius sive aliqui alij Offic jidict modo vel ante of the Board of hac hens vel eScens Rentes vel Excentes huit aut Land Revenue. pCepjt haunt aut pcepunt de in eodem absq^ Compoto seu aliquo also pinde not) Hered vel Successor^ nris quoquomodo reddend solvend vel fa-ciend. VO LU\1S ULTMUS ac p Rentes p not) Hered & Successor^ nris de ampliori Gra nfa spiali ac ex Sta Sciencia & mero motu nris Concedim* Bfat JoRi Dno Mordant Heredib3 & Assign suis Qd lie Lre nre Paten vel Irrotulamen eordem ac omes & singut l)onacoes& Concess in eisdem content sive men-coat sin? firme & valide & in Pleno Robere & Vi-gore suis Stabunt & existent non obstan male noiand vel non noiand male recitand vel non recitand fidict Boscos Subboscos Terr Boscatt Copie Bose & Subbosc & ce¥ra fhniss supius p Rentes ^concess aut eor aliquod vel aliqua aut aliquam inde Parcellam aut Quantitat aut Nun?um Act fjmissor aut alicujus inde parcett aut aliquam Viliam Paroch Hamlett Lor Bund jkinct vel Coin in quo vel in quibj {5dict Bose Subbosc Terr Boscat Coppic & ceta fimissa aut aliqua inde parcel!: existunt vel existit. Et non obstan non recitand aut non mencoand aut male recitand aliquam vel aliquas Diinissionein Domi vel con-cessionem Dimissiones Dona vel Concessiones pnos aut aliquem Progenitor vel Antecessor nro de ffinisses Sue de aliqua inde Parte vel parcel! antehac fact existen de Recordo vel non de Recordo. Et non obstan aliquib3 Defcib3 de G^titudine vel Computacoe aut Declaracoe vel Ornissione veri anual Valor pmissor aut alicujus inde parcel! aut anual Reddit. resvat de in & sup pmiss aut aliquam inde parcellam in hijs Iris Patent'^ express & Content vel non express. Et non Obstan Statut in Parliamen DSi Henrici nup Regis Anglie Sexti Antecessoris nri Anno Regni sui Decimo Octavo fact k edit. Et non obstan Statut in Parliament Dni Henrici nup Regis Anglie Quarti Anno Regni sui Primo fact & edit. Et non Obstan ali-quib5 alijs Defcib5 in non Noland aut non recte noijind natur Gener Spies Quantitat aut Qualitat pmissor aut alicujus inde parcel!. Et non obstan Qd [imissa infra Forestam nram existunt vel non existunt. Et non Obstan Qd de Consuetad Assisaf Fo-reste in Psentib3 non fit Mencio aut aliquo Statuto Actu Ordinacoe Proclamacoe Restriccoe seu Consuetud aut aliqua Re in contrariu inde in aliquo non obstan A dice t express menco &c. IN CUJUS Rei &c. T, R, apud Westih Vicessimo Quinto Die February.

p Bre de Privato Sigillo, &c.

This is a true Copy from the Original Record remaining in the Chapel of the Rolls, having been examined.

Kipling.

N° u.

The Earl of Upper Ossory, by virtue of his Grant, dated August 28th 1772, claims to hold for 99 Years, or during the Lives of himself, the Marquis of,

and Richard Fitz Patrick, Esquire, and the Survivor of them, the Office of Master Forester and Keeper of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, and Supervisor of Vert and Venison of the said Woods, Receiver of Fines and Amerciaments therein, the Office of Bailiff of Brigstock, except Geddington Woods, the Herbage and Pannage of the New Land of Farming Woods, also the Hundred of Orlingbury and Mellescy, in the County of Northampton, the Rents of Aid of the Sheriff within the said Hundred, and all Rights, &c. together with all Wages, Fees, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Allowances, to the same Offices belonging, and all Courts, Fines, Amerciaments, Jurisdictions, within the said Hundred, also the Wages of

3 /. 6s. id.a Year, and 3d. a Day Ranger’s Fee, to

be paid out of the Issues of the Forest of Rockingham, and the Castle and Demesne Lands thereof, and the Castleward Rents, also a Power of constituting a Ranger of the said Woods, and of appointing a Clerk or Steward of the Court of the Forest; his Lordship also claims under the said Grant, all Deer-fallen and Wind-fallen Wood, Vermin Trees, and Coppice Hedges, Within the said Woods.

Under Two Grants, or rather Purchases, from the Crown, dated 30th May, and 23d July, 4th Charles the First, Lord Ossory is entitled in Fee to all the Timber Trees and Underwood in Farming Woods. Farming Woods is supposed in those Grants to contain about 800 Acres, the Woods or Coppices after cutting are in Band, or fenced against the Deer for Four Years, and against the Commoners Cattle for Seven, both of which Terms are too short for the tolerable Preservation of either Underwood or Timber, according to the present Mode of Stocking by the Commoners, who turn in larger Beasts, and more in Number, for Want of due Regulation by Forest Courts, than formerly.

It is evident that the Succession of Timber in all Rockingham Forest cannot be kept up under the present Usage of Commoning, which in so large a Tract is a National Consideration.

The Parish of Br'igstock, in which Farming Woods lies, being included in the Perambulation of the Forest, made in the Reign of Charles the First, claims, and has always enjoyed, a Right of Common in the Open Woods there. The Parish of Sudborough has also Cattle usually Commoning the re, though it is apprehended they can have no Right, not being a Forest Town, and expressly excluded in the Perambulation; and no Part of the Parish being within the Bounds of the Forest, it is considered only as an Escape Common.

All Cattle ought to be taken out of the Forest from Martinmas to Lady Day, and during the Fence Month; but these Regulations, for Want of Forest Courts, are not enforced.

Upon a fair Calculation in Money, taken upon the Number of Beasts and Horses usually Commoning upon Farming Woods, it is worth about 501, per Annum to those who enjoy it, and the Cattle do Damage to a much greater Amount to the Timber and Underwood.

Brigstock, and all its Open Fields, lying within the Perambulation of the Forest, it is contended that the Deer ought not to be molested when found ranging over them, but the Occupiers of the Fields may exclude them, by keeping up the Forest Fence, and stopping the Gaps, for which they are allowed to cut Wood out of it.

This Privilege of the Deer ought to be set against that of the Right of Common in the Woods.

The following is a Statement and Valuation of the Heads of Lord s Grant.

Office of Master Forester, &c.

Under this Head Lord Ossory has the Benefit of the Management and Disposal of the Deer, the Number of which vary, but the present Average enables him to kill 34 Bucks, and as many Does, Annually.

The following necessary Deductions of Profit must be made: — To the Crown, by Warrants from the Board of Green Cloth or Master of the Household, 4 Bucks and Does, One of each to the Forest Ver-deror, and there is also a Claim of another.

Composition Venison allowed to the Proprietors of neighbouring Grounds and Purlieus, for Liberty to hunt back the Deer, without which Permission the

Stock

°gl<

Stock could not be supported, 8 Bucks and 8 Does. — Remain for Lord Ossory's Use 21 Bucks and 21 Does.

Value in Money.

21 Bucks, at 4 /. each - - - 84; -

21 Does, at 1/. 10#, each - - 31 10 —

The 3/. 6 s. 8 d., and 3d. a Day Ranger’s Fee, to be Ninth Repon paid out of the Revenues of the said Forest of Rocking- of the Board of ham, &c. are never paid; — therefore no Value. Land Revenue.

The Profits of Lord Ossory’s Grant may be therefore said to be none; standing thus:

By Profits by Castle Ward Rents - 7 8 6

Loss by Keepership - - - 9 10 —

£. 11.5 10 —

Expences attending the Keepership.

Keeper and Under Keeper’s Wages, at the lowest, 50/. per Annum; Lodge built at the sole Expence of the late Grantee, Repairs and Taxes, 20/. per Incidents, Prosecutions of Deer Stealers, &c. 10/. per Annum; Hay for Deer, 451, per Annum.

£. s. d.

Total Expences - - - - 125 ——

Total Profits - - - - 11510 —

Balance - - £. 9 10 —

Receivers of Fines and Amerciaments in said Woods. — No Value.

Bailiff of Brigstock. — No Value.

Herbage arid Pannage of the New Land of Farming Woods. — There is no Place at Farming Woods known at present by that Name.

Receiver of Castle Ward Rents - 7. 8*

The Hundred of Orlingbury and Mellesey, consists of Rents called Sheriff’s Aid, amounting Annually to 6$. 17$. 6d. collected with Difficulty, and the Expences of Collection and holding Courts are equal to the Value; — therefore of no Value.

Though the Earl of Upper Ossory s Grant is of no Value in Point of Profit, it is not denied to be very eligible to him, and has been enjoyed by his Ancestors since the 22d of Charles 11"*, when it was granted to Sir John Robinson, from whom Lord Ossory immediately derives.

The usual Mode of renewing is, when a Life drops, for the Grantee in Possession to present a Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury for a Renewal, and to surrender the subsisting Grant, upon which invariably a new one is made out, without any Fine whatever. The Expences attending the Renewal are about 200l.; the Whole of which is distributed at the different Offices through which the Patent passes, and no Part is paid into the Treasury, upon Account of the Crown or the Public.

It is evident from the above Statement, that the Reversion of the Grant in Question, after Three Lives at present in being, cannot be of any considerable Value; but Lord Ossory, in order to be released from the Claims of the Crown, and admitting that if he was so, he might be enabled to improve his Property in the Woods, and have the Means of making some Agreement or Composition with those who claim a Right of Common, which he has not at present, is desirous, whenever the Commissioners are enabled to treat with him, to purchase, at a fair and reasonable Price, the whole Rights and Interests of the Crown now granted to him by Lease, and whatever Price he pays will be an entire Gain of so much to the Public, who it does not appear have ever derived or are likely to derive any Advantage from this Grant, or the Renew’al of it.

N° 12.

EXTRACTS from an Antient Book in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, intituled, " THE FORREST OF CLIVE, alias KINGES CLIFFE;" appearing to be a Survey of the Bailiwick of Clifl’e, in the Forest of Rockingham; — without Date, but supposed to have been made in the Reign of King James the First.

Rex - One pcell of Wood called Blackmore thicke, lying between"!

Bullwicke Greene and the bound. The Kinge ffreeh.> 107 1 10

cont - - -I

Morehay -Rex.

Morehay

Morehay -Rex.

Vol. 47.

- Fyve pcellsof Wood, called by the severall Names of Ferro-bye, ffoxholes, little Craley, A greate Craley, (together w,h a Lodge & one Close in th’ occ. of James Bringhurst) > lyinge betwene Stone Bridge and Thistle Hill. The Kinge ffreeh. coni - ....

One other Lodge and Close adjoyninge to one end of greate") Craley, & lying by Thistle Hill, in th’ occ. of John> Cooke, cont ----- -- -J

- Three pcells of Wood, called Williams Corner, Barnards'

Sale, and Cookspitts Sale, adjoyninge to Thistle Hill and > Bryerie. The Kinge ffreeh. cont -

- Fyve pcells of Wood, whereof one called Little Horse-

howes, one other Great Ilorsehowes, one other Fair-thornes, one othr Hollowbrookes, and other Norwells,/ lying betwene the Coinon ffield of Cliffe, called Morehay ffield, and Hollow Brookes. The Kinge ffreeh. cont -

.3 I

239 — 22

523 230 2 8

3/S — 7

Three

130 Februarii.

A

Ninth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

Morehay

Morehay

Morehay Laund -

Morehay -

Three pcells of Wood, one called the Starte, and two other' Cringlesticks, lying betwene Hollow Brookes and Bores-head. The Kinge ffreeh. cont -

Foure other pcells of Wood, whereof one called Hollowed Wood not encopsed, and lefte oute of Cringlesticke and 1 Rushdales, one other Rushdales, one other Old Copps, \ and one other Sencers Coppice, lying betwene the Laund, I and Stonebridge. The Kinge ffreeh. cont -

Foure other pcells of Wood, called Shirehill, great Collstoes,] little Collstoes, and Southwicke Coppice, lying betwene S Sencers Copps and Howgate. The Kinge ffreeh. cont -J

One Great Inclosure of Pasture and Woodl. Ground, called 3 Morehay Laund, and the Course; and one faire Lodge, 1 and another little Lodge in the same, in th’ occ. of John Bates and Richard Bradshawe, lying betwene Goose I Greene and Shire Hill. The Kinge ffreeh. cont - -J

One Lodge, and two Closes of Pasture and Woodl. Ground, adjoyning to Ould Copps, in th’ occ. of Robert Davies. The Kinge Freeh, cont -

Rex - - - - Two pcells of Wood, called Great Tottenhoe & little Tot--!

tenhoe, lying betwene the said fflascott Leaze and Totten- ! hoe Brooke. The Kinge ffreeh. cont - -J

Rex -

antea inter alia Rex.

One pcell of Waste, called Goose Greene, thereunto next! adjoyning, and to the said pkc, ffreeh. cont - - -J

One pcell of Woode, called Hillys, lvinge betwene Goose"! Greene and Delamour Ridinge. The Kinge ffreeh. cont J

Mountioye Blunt - - Foure Sales or pcells of Wood, called Hawkes Oke Sale,

Wyndmore Hill, Ashe Copice, and Fryers Hill Sale, lying betwene F.die Woods and the bound at Friendshawe. Mountioy Blunt ffree. cont - -

One other pcell of Wood, called Stone Sale, thereunto ud-j joyning& lying, ut supra. Mountioy Blunt ffreeh. cont -J

Mountioy Blunt Two pcells of Wood, called Great Rennets Chamber &'

Little Bennet’s Chamber, lying betwene Stone Bridge and Benyfield hatch, alias Tottenho hatche. Mountioy Blunt r ffreeh. cont ——

Mountioy Blunt

One pcell of Wood, called Newhawe, lying betwene Flascott"^ Leaze and Shire hill. Mountioy Blunt ffreeh. cont -J

Rex -

Westhay Forest Rex.

One Close of Pasture or Waste Ground, called Culvenvell, j alias the Short, next adjoyning to Shcrmorey Hill, in th’ > occ. of Colly Weston, ffreeh. con -J

One pcell of Waste, called the Shorte, lying betwrene Jor- dans ff. an & Busshey Close, in th’ of th’ inhab’ of Clive I & Doddingto. cont ----- - -J

Two pcells of Wood, whereof one called Piesnest Sale, andl th’ other Buckston Sale, adjoyning to the said Waste, !> and to Dodington ffaire Tree. The Kinge ffreeh. cont -J

One other pcell of Wood, thereunto next adjoyning, called! the Stockings Sale. The Kinge ffreeh. cont - -/

Westhay - One Lodge & one Close, called Lodge Close, in th’ occ’ of

Thomas Ashley, and two pcells of Wood, whereof one Rex. called Lodge Sale, th’ other Brand Sale, lying betwene

the Shorte and Losley Well. The Kinge ffreeh. cont

1792.

129 — 36

253 3 36

232 2 31 316 2 28 14 — -

133 — 34

3« 3 21

326 319

88 1 8

113 2 17

79 " 23

19 1 7

,19 ——

99 — 14

25 —

159 1 14

One

3£Geo. III.

Westhaye -

Westhay

Kex.

Sulehaye

Sr Anthony Mildmay.

Shuley Lodge Compound.

Rex -

Sr Ant. Mildmay Sr Ant. Mildmay

ST Antho. Mildmay

Vol. 47.

13 0 Februarii. 215

One pcell of Waste, called Losley Well Waste, thereunto] Ninth Report

adjoyning, and lying betwenc Norfolke Gate and Kinge > 28 2 of t,e of

Sale, cont.....-J Lund Revenue.

- Fyve pcells of Wood, whereof one called Little Ronghill,'

one other greate Ronghill, one other ffloures Sale, one other Nunnes Sale, & one other Cattsmere Sale, lying > 149 2 y

betwene the said Waste and Culverwell. The Kinge ffreeh. cont ——

- Two pcells of Wood, called Fryers Sale & Kings Sale, lying]

between Cliffs ffair Tree and the Parke. The Kinge> 105 — 22

ffreeh. cont - -J

One pcell of Wood, called Myrey Sale, next adjoining to") the said Closes. The Kinge 1'reeh. cont - - -J

Foure other pcells of Wood, called Haselwood Sale, the litle' Sale, Watkinson Sales, & Stockins Sale, lying together betwene the said Myrey Sale and Buckston Sale. The Kinge ffreeh. cont ——

87 3 9

248 — 6

- One pcell of Wood, called Great Lady Sale, lying betwenef

Gibbs Crosse and Queenes Sale. Sr Anthony Mildmay > ffreeh. cont - -- -- -J

One pcell of Wood, called Little Lady Sale, thereunto next! adjoining, in th’occ of Sr Antho. Mildmay. ffreeh. cont /

- One ffaire House, called Shuley Lodge, wth Gardens, Or-'

chards, & Walks, and one Parccll of Ground thereunto adjoining, called Drinkhawe, alias Ringoe, in the occ. of Sr Anth. Mildmay. ffreeh. cont....

41 3 24

32 3 6

7l — 25

- Three Closes of Pasture and Woodl. Ground, whereof one' called the Laund, lying betwene Shuley Lodge and May- dens Grave, in th’ occ. of Sr Anthony Mildmay, Nassing-for & Yarwell. ffreeh. con -

One pcell of Wood, called Old Suley llaye, adjoininge to")

the said Close, in th* occ. of Sr Anthony Mildmay. 154 27

ffreeh. cont - -J

- Fyve Sales or pcells of Wood, whereof one called Thrash-' pons Sale, One other Byard Copice, one other Queenes Sale, one other ffaire Oke Sale, and another Morton Sale, lying betwene Clitfe Parke and Shuley Lodge, cont

One other litle pcell of Wood, called Spyres Copice, there-") unto adioyninge. Sr An. Mild, ffreeh. cont - - -J

- One greate Close of Pasture and Woodl. Ground, called Greate Short wood, adjoyning to Nassington Shorte, cont ——

One other Close, called Litle Shortewood, wth a Lodge inj

the same, called Ashlers Lodge, thereunto next adjoyning, 30 1 14

cont....

80 2 2

One other Close, called Mountioy Sale, adjoyning to Short-") wood, cont - -J 23 1 39

Such Parts as are extracted agree with the Book from which they are transcribed.

Examined by

Wm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N° 13.

Ninth Report

of the Board of

Land Revenue.

Vicesima secunda Pars PATEN de Anno RRs Caroli QUARTO.

REX Ofiiib3 ad quos &c. Sitin SCI AT IS qd nos tin p & in Consideracoe Same ducentar Libra? legalis Monet Anglie ad Recept Sccij nri Westm ad usum nrm p ^dilem & p quamfidel Consanguin & Consiliar nrm YViim Comitem Exon p* manib^ bene & iideli? solut unde fatenJ nos plenar forisfact & psolut Eundemq Wittm Comitem Exon Hered Executores & Administr suos inde acquietat & exoirat esse imppm p psentes qm p div^s alijs bonis Causis & Consideracoibz nos ad fisens spiali? moyen Necnon ad humilem peticoem Noiacoem & Requisicoem dci Comitis de Gra nra Spiali ac ex c?ta Sciencia & mero Motu nfis Dam* & Coneessitn* ac p p^sentes p nob Hered & Succ nris Dam* & Concedim’ dilco nob Wiiio Coop de Thurgaton in Coin Nott, Armig^o Hered & Assign suis imppm Offic Forrestar & Cus-tod de le Laund de Westhay infra Ballivat de Cliffe in Forresta nra de Rockingham in Coin nro Northton Ac omTu Damar Venae sive al Fer in p^dict Laund de Westhay modo existen & imposPum futar ac Omia Logeas pfic Comoditat Feod Advantag Bose Vocat Deare falne Woods (YVinde fallen Woods & V^myn Trees) p Official' Forreste vel also? p Leges For-reste Assignat infra jklict Laund de Tempore in Tempus acciden contingen sive pvenien Necnon oia & singla Feod & Denar Sumas ab antiquo usual Solut & imposter solubil & solvend Forrestar diet Laund de Westhay p Magrm Foresta? Foreste pdee Ac ipm Wittm Cooper Hered & Assign suos Forestar & Cus-todem ac Forestar & Custod j?diet Laund de Westhay pdict p nob Hered & Succ nris Facim* Ordi-nam* & Constituim* p j?sentes HABEND Tenend Gaudend occupand & exercend Offic p^dict & cct^a pmissa supius p psentes pconcess & qmlibet inde parcell potato YViito Cooper Hered Assign suis tarn p se qm p sufficien Deputat suu sive Deputat suos sufficien imppin absq Compo seu aliquo also pinde nob Hered vel Succ nris quoquomodo Reddend solvend vel faciend NIIIILOM1NUS VOLUM* ac In-tenco nra est & p^deus Witts Cooper p se Hered & Assign suis Convenit & Concedit ad & Cum nob

o # f)

Hered & Succ nris p pntes Qd ipe p fat Witts Cooper Hered Sc Assign sui nos Heredes Sc Succes-sores nros de & ab omibj Sc singulis Feod Sc Denar Sumis Forestar Sc Custod Laund p'*diet Sc Sccio nro solut sive solvend acquietabunt Sc exoi?abunt imppm & tantumodo at omia Feod Sc Denar Sumas p Magrm Forestar sive Custod aut Supvisiorem Foreste p^dee diet Forestar Sc Custod Laund diet solvi consuet jVter ea que Sc Sccio nro p;dict antehac solvi

consuever habebunt Capient Sc pcipient aliquo in j?sentibz content in Contrariu inde in aliquo non Ob-stan EO <|d exp ssa Menco See. IN CUJUS Rei 8cc. T, R, apud Westm quarto Die Aprilis.

p Bre de privato Sigillo.

This is a true Copy from the Original Record remaining in the Chapel of the Rolls, having been examined.

Kipling.

N° 14.

The Earl of Exeter, under a Grant dated 4th 4th Charles I*1, claims to hold in Fee the Office of Forester or Keeper of the Lawnd of within the Bailiwick of Cliff', in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and all the Deer for Hunting, or other Y\7ild Beasts, within the Lawnd of Westhay, and all Lodges, Profits, Fees, Advantages, Deer-fallen Wrood, See.

And under a Grant of the 23d July, 4th Charles I", he claims to hold in Fee the Timber in Westhay.

Westhay is supposed to contain about 800*, of which about 700 are Wood Land, the rest open.

The Woods are divided into 18 Sales, one of which is cut every Year; after cutting, the Sale is band from the Deer Years, from the Commoners Cattle Seven Years.

The Parishes of King's Cliffe and claim

a Right of Common in Westhay, they usually stock from A lay Day to Old Martinmand have near 250 Head of Cuttle in Westhay.

JJrcsthaybordering upon the open Fields of Duddington and King's Cliffe, the Farmers and Cottagers of those Parishes fence against Westhay at their own Expence, to keep in the Deer, and to preserve their Corn from the Deer; but if the Deer do get into the Fields they cannot run a Dog at them.

The open Places in Westhay, containing about 100* are open to the Commoners at the same Time with the YY oods not in band.

The Earl of Exeter pays his Keeper 40/. a Year in Addition to which the Keeper has the usual Fees from Presents of Venison made by his Lordship.

Lord Exeter also finds Hay for the Deer in the Winter, which costs him, upon an Average, Annually about 60/.

His Lordship serves the Crown Annually with 3 Bucks and 3 Does. He kills in the Year, on the Average, about 40 Bucks and 3C Does.

The Computation for his Lordship’s Profits on the the Deer, Ike. will stand thus:

40 Bucks, at 3 -

36 Does, at il. 10s.

Deductions:

3 Bucks to the Crown -

3 Does ----- -D* -

Keeper's Salary -

Hay....

£ s. s. £ s.

- 120

- 54 — -

174 — .

- 9 4 10 —

- 40

— , - — 113 to -

Neat Profit - - - £ 60 10 —

If the Woods contain about 700*, there will be open to the Commoners in each Year,

on the Average I 43° y

And shut up, or in band - -- -- - 27°

If

G°offle j

32 Geo. III.

13° Febru

217

If the Pasturage of these 430a. from Old May Day to Old Martinmas, is reckoned worth as. an Acre, tSe*lWrd and the open Land lOi. an Acre for the same Period, the Value will be as under: Lan<l Revenue.

v_________J

£. . s.

430 a. at as. an Acre - - - -43 ----- --"I

100 a. of open Field Land, at los. D® - 50 ----- --J

Two Thirds of this Value for the Commoners, is -One Third for the Deer, is....

£. s. d.

93 ——

£. s. d.

- 62

- 3i

£. 93

Or if the Pasture for the Cattle is computed at 5 s. a Head, from Old May Day to Old Martinmas (and it is believed not to be worth more) then the Pasturage of 250 Head of Cattle, at 5s. each, is 62/. 10s. a Year.

From these Two Calculations it is apprehended Lord Exeter will necessarily pay in Land, to the Commoners of King's Cliffe and Duddingtonfor the Purchase or Exoneration of their Right of Common on Westhay, in One Calculation, to the Value of 62/. a Year; on the other, 62/. 10 s. a Year.

The Deer delivered by Lord Exeter to the Crown has been Time immemorial unvaried; to be discharged from the further Claims of the Crown as to Deer (which he conceives to be the only Claim the Crown has upon him) and from the Claim of Common, in order to hold the Estate in Severalty for ever, he expects he must pay the Value of the 3 Bucks, and 3 Does, and the Value of about 60/. a Year in Land, to the Two Parishes of King's Cliffe and

Duddington.

N‘ 15.

P RIM A Pars Paten de Anno Regni Regis Caroli

Quarto.

REX Omibj ad quos &c. Saltm SC TATIS qd nos tam p & in Consideracoe Sume Mille & quingentar Libra? legal Monete Angt ad Recept Sccij nfi WestiS ad U sum nrm p ditem Sc pquamtidel Consanguineum nfm Franciscum Comit Westen?land ad Usum nrm premanib^ ben & fidelit. solut unde fatenj nos plenarie tore satisfact & psolut Eundemq, Franciscum Comitem WestiWland Hered Executores & Administrator suos inde acquietat & exonlat esse imppm p Rentes qni p div sis alijs bonis Causis & Considera-coibj nos ad [tsens spialit inoven Necnon ad humi-lem peticoem NSiacoem & Reqnisicoem pdict Comitis Westmland de Gra nra spiali ac ex eta Sciencia & mero Motu nris DEL)1MS & CONCESSIMs ac p Rentes p nob Hered Sc Successor nris DAMS & CONCESS1MS dilcis Subditis nris Nicfto Pay A? & Clementi Bellamy GeSoso Heredib3 & Assign suis imppm (inter alia) Offic Forestar sive Custod Laund nostr de Moorehay in pdict Foresta nra de Rockingham in pdict C'omitatu Northt unacum Custod omiu Boscor & Damar Venacon sive at Ferar in diet Laund Sc Bose coif in Regimine Custod de le Laund de Moorehay ac Custod omiu alior Boscor & Damar nrar Hevedum & Successor nro? cum Domibj vel Logeis juxta vel ppe diet Laund de Moorehay nup in Custod Thome Smyth, Johis Edwyn ats Snell, Thome Bradshawe & modo vel nup in Custod Joins Bates, Jacobi Ashley, Thome Bradshawe, & Simonis Spriges vel eor aliquor vel alicujus coi? sub Regimine Custod de Moorehay Ac ipos Nictim Pay & Clementam Bellamy Heredes & Assign suos & eor quemlt Forestar & Custod ac fforestar & Custodes pdict Laund de Moorehay ac pdict Boscor & Damar Venacon sive alia? fferar in diet Laund & Boscis coiV. in_ Regimine Custod de Laund de Moorehay ac omn at Boscor & Damar n?i Heredum & Successor Vol. 47.

nror cum Domib3 vel Logeis juxta vel ppe Laund de Moorehay pdict coi? sub Regimine tforestar sive Custod de Moorehay p nob Heredity & Successorib3 nris Fncitn* Ordinam* & Constituim* p psentes HABEND TENEND GAUDEND OCCUPAND & EXRCEND Offic pdict & ce?a pmissa supius p psentes pconcess & quainlt inde parcel! pfat Nicho Pay & Clementi Bellamy Heredib3 Assignat suis tam p se qm p sufficient suu sive Deputatos suos sufficien imppm absq^ Compo seu aliquo at p inde nob Heredity vel Successor^ nris quoquo modo Reddend solvend vel faciend 1.1 ULTKIUS de ampliori Gra nri spiali ac ex t'ta Sciencia & mero motu nris Darn* & Conceding pfat Nictio Pay & Cle-menti Bellamy Heredibj & Assignat suis otnia & singula pfic Comoditat Advantag Feod Bose vocat Deare fi’alne Wood Sc Vermyn Trees ac Copice Hedges in omib3 & singulis pmissis de Tempore in Tempos accideh contingen sive pvenien necnon oihia & singula ffeod & Denar Sumas ab antiquo usualit. solut Sc imposter solubit Sc solvend Eorestar sive Custod diet Offic de Moorehay ac Bose pdict NI H1LOMINIUS VOLUMs ac Intenco nra & pdict e& Nichus Pay & Clemens Bellamy p se FIeredib3 & Assignat suis conveniunt & concedunt ad & cum not) Heredibj & Successor^ nfis p psentes Qd ipi pfat Nichus Pay & Clemens Bellamy Hered & Assignat sui nos Ilered & Successor nros de et ab oming & singulis Feod & Denar Sufnis Forestar & Custod Laund pdict & Sccio nro solut sive solvend acquieta-bunt exonlabunt & indempn conservabunt imppm & Tantumodo at omia Feod & Denar Sumas p Magistf Forestar sive Custod aut Supvisor Foreste pdict diet Forestar & Custod Offic de Moorehay & Bose pdict solvi consuet pretea que e Sccio nro pdict antehac solvi consuever hebunt capient & pci-pent aliquo in psentib3 content in contrariu inde in aliquo non obstan Volutn* Ul?ius ac p psentes p not) Heredib3 & Successor^ nris de ampliori Gra nra spioli ac ex c?ta Sciencia & mero motu nris Concedim* pfat Nictio Pay & Clementi Bellamy Hered & Assign suis p psentes Qd lie Lre nre paten vel Irrotulamen eardem ac Omes & singule Donacoes & Concession in eisdem content sive mencoat sint firrne & valide & in pleno Robore & Vigore suis stabunt & existunt non obslan meile noTand vel non Noiand male recitand vel non recitand pdcos Boscos Subboscos Terr Boscat Copie & Subbosc & ceter Pmiss supius p psentes pconcess aut eor aliquod vel aliqua aut aliquam inde parcett aut Quantitat aut Numer Acrar pmissor aut alicujus inde parcett aut aliquam Vitt Parocli Hamlett Loc Bund pcinct vel Com in quo vel in ^quihj pdict Bose Sabbosc Terr Boscat Copie & cet^a pmissa aut aliqua inde parcett existunt vel existit Et non obstati non recitand vel non mencoand aut male recitand aliquam vel aliquas Dimission Dome vel Concessionein Diniis-siones Dona vel Concessiones p nos aut aliquem pgenitof vel antecessor nror de pmiss sive de aliqua inde parte vel parcett antehac tact existen de Recordo vel non de Recordo. Et non obstan aliquib3 De-fectibj de C^titudine vel Computacoe aut Dedaracoe

3 K vel

13° Ftbmarii.

A. 1792*

Niutb Report Vel Omissione ver any Vajoris pajiis for aut alicujus of the-Board of ;nc]e parcett aut anuat Reddit; reservat de in sup Land Revenue. p,.emjgs au{ aliquam inde parcett in hijs Iris paten nris express & content vel non express Et non obstan Statut in Parliament Dni Henrici nup Regis Angt Sexti Antecessoris nri Anno regni sui Decimo Octavo fact & edit Et non obstan Statut in Parliament Dni Henrici nup Regis Angt Quarti Anno Regni sui primo fact Sc edit Et non obstafl aliquib^ alij Defect in non noiand aut non recte noiand natur Gener Speces Quantitat aut Qualitat pmissor aut alicujus inde parcett Et non obstan qd pmissa infra Forest nram existunt vel non existunt Et non obstant Qd de Con-suetud Assisar Foreste in fisentib^ non fit Menco aut aliquo Statuo actu Ordinacoe pclamacoe Restriccoe seu Consuetud aut aliquo at Re in contrariu inde in aliquo non obstan ac licet expressa Menco &c. IN CUJUS Rei &c. T. R. apud W'estm Tricesimo Die Maij.

p Bre de privati Sigillo &c.

N# 16.

pars Patentium de Annis Regnof P H I-LIPPI Kg & MARIE Rne Cmio Quarto.

itdfcls $IRtgina Omit>3 ad quos &c Saltm Cum

Witts Blount Miles nup Dns Mountjoye suit scitus in

I)nico suo ut de Feodo de & in uno Mesuagio una _ . t ©

Virgat. Ter & tnb3 Ac? prati cum ptin in Yarwell

in Coin nfo Northt & ilia tenuit de pcharissimo pfe nnn pfate Regine Henrico Octavo nup Rege Angt p S’Mciu essendi Forestarius sive Custos Ballive de Sule-fermes Sc Short Wood in Foresta de Clyve infra Forte-satn de Rockingham cum ptin in dco Coin uro Northt Sc p Reddit quing, Solid singulis Armis ad Festum Sci Michis Archi Solvend Cumq ftiam pdcus Writls Blount nup Dnus Mountjoye seisitus existebat in l)nico suo ut de Feod de Sc in Maiitia de Apethorpe Woodnewton & Yarwell cum ptin in dco Com Northt ac de & in div’sis alijs Mesuagijs T^ris & Ten in Apethorpe Woodnewton & Yarwell in dco Corn Northt Cumq ftiam pfatus Witts Blount Miles nup Dns Mountjoye Sc omes alij quo? Statum & Intesse de & in pdcis Mali!ijs T^ris & Ten deus W itts Blount nup Dns Mountjoye huit a Tempore cujus coutrarij Memoria FJominu non existit huerunt & gavis fuerunt Libtat noiand & faciend unu W'oodwardmn in omib3 Boscis suis vocat le Hale Tamlynswood & Calfey infra Bal-livat de Cliff in Foresta de Rockingham in dco Coin nro Northt Sc Libtatem capiend Siccum & Virid Boscum quando voluint infra pdict Boscos vocat le Hale &Tomlynswood ac in om;b3 alijs Boscis suis infra ManJia Sc Dnia de le Hale Apethorpe Wroodnewton and Yarwell in dco Com Northt ac infra Ballivat pdict in Foresta pdict Cumq eriam idem Witts Blount ac omes alij quo? Status Sc In?esse de & in Mane? T<?nr & Ten pdict idem l)nus Mountjoye huit hue-runt Sc gavis fuerunt uno libo Ilaio infra pdict Boscos suos vocat le Hale Tomlynswood Sc Calffey infra Ballivat pdict in Foresta pdict Quiquidem Witts Blount Dns Mountjoye de pdict Mane? ac ceVis pmissis cum ptin seisitus existens in Dnico suo ut de Feodobijt inde seisitus rone cujus eadem Maner Mesuag T'r & Ten cuin ptin ad Carolum Blount nup DBm Mountjoye Film Sc Hered pdci Witti Blount discendebant CuttUL pofttea P Indenturam gerefi Dat vicesimo Die Junij Anno tricesimo quinto Regni pcharissimi pres n?m pfate Regine Henrici Octavi nup Regis Angt fact & irrotulat in? eundem prbm nrm pfate Regine ex una parte & pdict Carolum Blount nup Dnm Mountjoye & Dnam Dorotheam nup UxJem pdci Witti Blount Militis nup Dni Mountjoye ex alta pte ijdem Carolus Blount nup Dns Mountjoye & Dna Dorothea Barganizaverunt & Vendiderunt pfato pri

nrm pfate Regine in? alia OMlA ilia Ma&ia sua de Apethorpe Woodnewton & Yarwell ae parcutn de Apethorpe in Com Northt AC OMIA & singula Me-suagia Molendina Domos Edificia T^ras Ten pratapas-cuas pasturas Boscos Subboscos Reddit Revsiones S^ir Coias Iampna Vias Aquas Piscarias Cur Let Cur proficua Libtates & Hereditament sua quecumqj cum ptin scituat jacen & existen in Villis Campis parochijs seu Hamellett de Apethorpe Woodnewton & Yarwell in dco Com Northt seu in eo? aliquo ac alibi ubicumq^ infra eundem Com pdict Mariijs seu eor alicui spectan sive aliquo modo ptinen Aceciam Omia & singula alia Manlia Mesuagia Molendina Domos Edificia prata pascuas pasturas Boscos Subboscos Reddit Revsiones S^vicia Coias Iampna Vias Aquas piscarias ac omia alia Hereditament pficua Libtates & Comoditates sua quecumq, scituat jaceii & existen in Villis Campis parochijs seu Hameletts de Apethorpe Woodnewton & Yarwell in dco Corn Northt sive in eor aliquo put p eandem Indenturam int alia plenius liquet Sc apparet Cuttiq ttimp quendam Finem cum pclamacoe inde fact sed in Forman Statuti in hujusmodi Casu nup edit Sc pvis levat in Cur pdict pris nrm pfate Regine T^rnino Sci Hillarij Anno Regni sui tricesimo quinto coram tunc Justic suis de Banco apud Wesn} & postea in Octabis Sci Hillarij Anno Regni ejusden* pris nrm pfate Regine Henrici Octavi supradict ibidem concess & rccordat coram eisdem Justic & alijs dci pris nrm pfate Regine Fidelib3 tunc ibidem psentib3 in? ipm prcin nrm Quer & pfat Carolum nup Dnm Montjoye Deforc de pdict Mane? cle Apethorpe Woodnewton Yarwell Sc Wadenhoo ac de sexaginta Mesuag sex Molendinis viginti Cotagijs sexaginta Gardinis trit>5 millib3 Acris T^re ducentis Acris prati duab3 Millib3 Acris pasture trescentis Acris Bosci Mille Acris Jampno? & Bruere & quadra-ginta Librat Reddit cum ptin in Apethorpe Wood-newton Yarwell W'adcnhoo Jansour Nassington Cot-terstoke Glapthorne Clyff Warmington & Owndell pdict Carolus reeogn pdict Mania Ten & Reddit cum ptin esse Jus pdci pris nrm pfate Regine ut ilia que h(?it de Dono pdci Caroli Sc iti remis & quiet clama? de se Sc Hered suis pdict pris nrin pfate Regine Sc Hered suis imppin ET PKTEREA idem Carolus p eundem Finem Concessit p se & Hered suis Qd ipi Warrant pdict p?i nrm pfate Regine Sc Hered suis pdict Mane? Ten & Reddit cum ptin contra omes Hoimes imppin put p eundem Finem in Cur nra coram Justic nris de Banco apud Westm? resident inf alia plenius liquet Qua? quidem Indentu? & Finis pdict ptextu pdcus pr n?m pfate Regine in Maner pdict & T^r pmi'ss suit Seisitus Jure Corone sue ET sic inde seisitus existens obijt seisitus rone cujus Pdict Maner ac Ce?a pmissa ad Manus pcharissimi Fris n?m pfate Regine Edwardi Sexti nup Regis Angt deveniebant tltttt idem Fr nrm pfate Regine de pmiss Seisitus existens in Jure Corne sue p Lfas suas paten sub Magno Sigillo suo Angt confect geren Dat decimo Octavo Die Septembr Anno Regni sui quinto in? alia dederit & concesserit Johi nup Comit Bed-forde & Francisco modo Comit Bed p Noen Francisci Russell Dni Russell OfficiQ Custod Ballive de Suiefermes Sc Shortwood pdict p Nomen Officiu Custod Ambu-lacionu de Suiefermes & Shortwood infra dcam Fo-restam nram de Rockingham in dco Coin nro Northt Hend Occupand & gaudend Officiu pdict pfat hinc Comit et Franciso nunc Comit Bed p seipos sive cor Sufficien Deputat sive Deputatos suos duran Vita eo?

Sc al?ius eor diucius Vivenc cum Vad & Feod eidem Officio ab aliquo debit & consuet Hend & annuatim ex pcipiend Modo & Forma antehac Tempa usitat ad T^minos ibidem usuales p equates porcoes unacum omib3 alijs pficuis Comoditatib3 & Advantag eidem Officio aliquo Modo spectan sive ptinen in tam amplis Modo & Forma put pdict Witts nup Dns Mount-

joye

k

It

M

j

32 Geo'. III.

13° Febniarii.

219

joye sive Edua Leveaey aut Ricos Empson Miles aut sign suis Qd ipi Walrus Hered & Assign sui tteant Ninth Report {Jdict nup Comes Bed aut aliquis alius sive aliqui alij & tiebunt Liu tat capiend & pcipiend & Qd cape of tbf Board of Officiu pdict hens sive fcentes p Extacio ejusdem & pcipe valeant & possint de Tempore in Tempus Lan evenue-huit sive pcepit bjierunt sive pciperunt p ut p eas- imppm ad eor Libitum quando voldint Siccuro & '

derji LPas nras inY alia plenius liquet & Apparet virid Boscum ifra pdict Boscos suos pprias vulgar it trtflm pdict Fr nrm pfate Regine Ed ward us vocat Le Hate & Tonilvnswood ac in omib^ alijs Sextus p alias Lras suae paten sub Magn* Sigillo suo Boscis suis infra Maner & Dnia de le Hale & Ape-Angt confect geren Dat apud Westm vicesimo quarto thorpe Woodnewton & Yarwell pdict in dco Com Die Aprilis dco Anno Regni sui quinto inY alia dede- nro Northt ac infra Ballivat pdict infra dcam Forestam rit & concesserit Ditco & Fideli nro WalYo Mildmay de Rockingham & Qd fidcus WalYus Mildmay Militi p Nomen WalYi Mildmay Militis unius Ge£Ya- Hered & Assign sui beaut bebunt ac bere valeant liu SupviS Curie sue Augnientacionu & Revencionu & possint dc Tempore in Tempus imppm unu lit?um Corone Sue Ac Hered & Assign suis imppm inY alia Haium infra pdict Boscos Suos vocat Le Hale Tom-Omia pdict Dnia & Maniia sua de Apethorpe Wood- lynswood & Calffey ornes Li States Tranches P^e-newton & Yarwell cum omibj & singulis suis Juribj minencias pficua & Comoditat quecumq^ ad pdict & ptin uniPsis in dSo Com nro Norlbt Ac totum lit?um Haium quoquo modo Spectan vel ptinefi in ilium peum suu de Apethorpe Ac omia alia Jura tarn amplis Modo & Forma put deus Witts Blount pficua Comoditates Emolumenta & Hereditamenta nup Dns Mountjoye aut deus Carolus Blount nup sua quecumc^ cum ptin in Apethorpe Woodnewton Dns Mountjoye aut eof alY aut aliquis alius sive aliqui & Yarwell in fidco Com suo Northt que quondam alij quo? Stat & InYesse de & in Bmiss filat Wal-

fuerunt Hereditamenta nup Dm Mountjoye put p Yus Mildmay bet buvrunt & gavis fuerunt Seu de easden Lras Paten inY alia plenius liquet & Apparet Jure bere & gaudere debuerunt DAMS ECIAM & p Qua? quidem Lrar ptextu flatus WalYus Mildmay Consideracoe Relict p Psentes p nob Hered & Suc-in pdea Maiiia parcura ac ceta Pmiss cum ptin cessoribj nrm pfate Regine Concedim* pfato W'alYo irrtravit & inde suit & adbuc Seisitus existit in Dfiico Mildmay Mildmay Militi Hered Assign suis pdic suo ut de Feod fretititqd nos pfat Rex & Regina Officifi Forestar sive Custod Ballive de Sulefermes & in Consideracoe boni r^i & fidelis S vicij nob p Shortwood pdict at diet Officifi Custod AmbulaC de Pdcm dilem & fidelem nrm WalYum Mildmay Mi- Sulefermes & Shortwood ac Omes & Singulas pdict litem Antehae fact & impens VOLENTES Jjd LII?tat adeo plene libre & iutegre ac in tain amplis & idem WalYus Mildmay Hered & Assign sui bSant consilibj Modo & fforma put deus Witts nup Dns teneant & gaudeant ac bere tenere & gaudere va- Mountjoye aut deus Carolus nup Dns Mountjoye aut leant & possint tot talia tanta LII?tates Officia Auc- eor alt1 aut aliquis alius sive aliqui alij pdict Maner toritates & Comoditates infra pdict Forestum de de Apethorpe Woodnewton & Yarwell ac ceYa pmiss Rockyngham quot qualia quanta & que aliquis vel in Apethorpe Woodnewton & Yarwell pdict aut ali-aliqui Seisitus existen vel Seisiti existen de & in diet quam inde parcett antehae bentds possident aut scit Man!ia de Apethorpe Woodnewton & Yarwell ac ceter inde existen Rone eordem unqm huerunt tenuerunt vel Pmiss in Apethorpe Woodnewton & Yarwell pdict gavisi fuerunt buit tenuit vel gavisus suit seu here and; in aliqua inde parcett antehae fruerunt & gavisi tenere vel gaudere debuerunt aut debuit infra pdict fuerunt Rone eordem Mafiior & ceYor pmissor aut Forestam de Rockingham Rone vel ptextu alicujus alicujus inde parcella de Gra nra Spali ac ex c ta Sci- Carte Doni Concessionis vel Confirmacdis p aliqueui encia & mero Motu nris p Consideracoe pdict p pgenitor nror antehae hit fact vel concess seu confir-nob Her?d & Success nris Plate Regine l)am* & mat aut Uone vel ptextu alicujus legittime pscripcois Concedim* Plato Walto Mildmay Militi pdict Of- Usus seu Consuetudinis antehae bit seu usitat Volum* ficiu Eorestar sive Custod Ballive de Sulefermes in dca eciam ac p psentes Concedim* pfato WalYo Mild-Foresta de Clyve inlra Forestam de Rockyngham at may beat & hebit has Lras nras Paten sub

magno Sigillo nro Angt debit Modo fact & Sigil-

dict Offic Custod Ambulacionu de Sulefermes & Shortwood infra d£am Eorestam nram de Rockyngham jat a^Sq Fine seu Feod Magno vel parvo nob in Ha-Hend occupand & gaudend Officiu pdict pfato Walto --

Mildmay Militi Hered & Assign suis imppm immediate a Tempore Mortis did Francisci modo Comitis Bed vel a Tempore quo'idem Officiu Sursum reddicoem Forisfacturam seu quocumq, also Modo pa vacari con-tig^it unacumbad & Feod eidem Officio ab antiquo debit & consuet Hend & anuatim pcipiend idem WalYo Mildmay Hered & Assign suis Modo & Forma antehec Tempora insitat ad T^minos ibidem usuales p equales Porches ac cum omibj alijs pficuis Comodi-tattt>3 & Advantages eidem Officio aliquo Modo Spectan sive ptinefi in tam amplis Modo & Forma put pfat Witts nup Dfis Mountjoye sive Edmundus Levesey aut Ricus Empson Miles aut pdict nup Conies Bed vel pdcus Franciscus modo Comes Bed aut aliquis alius sive aliqui alij Officiu pdict antehae bens vel bentes p Ex cicio ejusdem Offieij buit sive pcepit buerunt sive pceperunt ET ULTK1US de

napio nro seu alibi ad Usum nrm p inde quoquo Modo Reddend solvend vel faciend Eo Qd ex^ss Men-cio &c. IN CUJUS Rei &c. T. R. & R apud Westm xxix Die Januarij.

p Bfe de Privat Sigillo.

This is a true Copy from the Original Record remaining in the Chapel of the Rolls,

having been examined.

John Kipling.

N* 17.

To the KING.

r , r . The Earl of Westmorland, your Majesty’s most lium-

ampliori Gr3i nra ac ex <?ta Sciencia & mero Motu ble Petitioner, hath several Woods lying w'ithin a nris Volum* as p psentes p nob Hered & Success Part of the Forest of , in the Bailiwick of

nrm pfate Regine Concedim’ pfato WalYo Mildmay Cliffe, in the County of , which Woods

Militi Hered & Assigfi suis Qd idem WalYus Hered do appertain unto him by Inheritance from his Ances-& Assign sui HSant Lit?t;itern Potestatem noland tors, in Fee, under several Grants from the Crown, by

& faciend & Qd Noiare & lacere valeant & possint de which Grants the Soil and Wroods are granted, with a

Tempore in Tempus imppm unu Woodward in Reservation only of the Bite or Herbage within the

omil>3 pdict Boscis suis pprijs voc Le Hale Tom- said Woods belonging to the said Forest. The said lynswood & CaltVey infra pdict Ballivat de Clyve in Earl hath, by Giants that are exempted of this Privi-Bdict Foresta de Rockuighain Concessim* eciam ac p lege of Herbage also, and declared free. By subse-psentes p nob Hered & Success nrm pfate Regine quest Grants, the Waste Ground around most of the

Concdim' Bfat Wali'o Mildmay Militi Hered & As- said Woods within this Bailiwick hath been severed

Concditn' pfat Vou 47.

trom

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Ninth Report from the Forest, and converted to Tillage, so that within the said Forest; and all the Ground or Soil of ^m<\Rc\tnue w*,at 's now rema'n'ng Forest (so called) are a few the aforesaid Woodlands, &c. (except Wood reputed v nue. crampe(j Up "Woods or Coppices, from whence the fit for Timber, and all Oaks being Three Foot high. Deer do trespass upon the Corn Fields; that ’tis with and Ten Inch of Assize square) and also all the Lops great Difficulty the few Deer that are, be preserved, and Tops of the Oak above excepted, which, by the from out of which Deer there is Annually sent Five Custom of the said Forest, were wont to be lopped: Brace of Bucks to the King’s Larder; and being Se- To hold the said Premises to the said venty Miles from London, and farther if the Court be his Heirs and Assigns, for ever; paying Yearly to her elsewhere, that it’s rare to carry the Venison sweet; and Majesty 30/. 10 and discharging her said Ma-

tho’ frequent Applications have been made for an jesty, her Heirs and Successors, from 3/. 6 s. 8 per Allowance of Money to pay Keeper’s Wages, to pro- Annum, to the Keeper or Forester to the said Hay or vide Hay, for repairing of Lodges and Fences, &c. Walk; and allowing and finding sufficient Browse for yet we have not been able to obtain any; which of the Deer, and other Beasts; and there is granted to Right belong to us as well as to all other your Ma- the said Walter Mildmay Power to enclose the afore-jesty’s Forests, and for Want of which is and has said Premises.

been a great Burthen upon your Petitioner and his Fa- We find also, That his late Majesty King Charles niily, being forced to pay for these Things to preserve the First, by Letters Patents bearing Date the 1 the Forest, which would otherwise be destroyed; in the Fourth Year of his Reign, in Consideration of wherefore the said Earl most humbly prays your Ma- 1,500l. paid by Francis, then Earl of Westmorland, jesty, that considering the small Advantage to the and at his Request, granted to Nicholas Pay, Esquire, 'Crown, and that his Woods, which are now almost quite destroyed, would recover, and be some Amends for the constant great Charge his Family and he hath been at, and also some Encouragement for his steady Adherence to your Majesty’s Interest, that you would be pleased to order him a Grant of the said Deer, and that the said Woods or Grounds be declared

and Clement Bellamy, Gent. All those Woods, Underwood, Woodland, and Coppices of Wood, called Great Tottcnhoc Coppice, containing 50 Acres; Little Tottcnhoe, 31 Acres; Old Sale Coppice, 64 Acres; Sen-tcr's Coppice, 38 Acres; Fearby Coppice, 34 Acres; Foxholes Coppice, 41 Acres; thick Coppice,

60 Acres; Little Craley Coppice, 22 Acres; Great

free, as all other ffreehays are which have been for- Craley Coppice, 38 Acres; Great

merly Forest, and to be discharged from the Privi- 34 Acres; Coppice, 31 Acres; Hollowood

lege reserved; or if that should be thought too Coppice, 31 Acres; Little Cringlestick Coppice, 21 Acres;

much, the said Earl Prays that your Majesty would Dele Starte Coppice, 24 Acres; Coppice, 38

pleased to grant an Order to the Treasury for the An- Acres; Little alias Great Colesteres Coppice,

nual Payment of the several Expences for the keep- 47 Acres; Coppice, 34 Acres;

ing up and continuing this Part of the Forest, and Coppice, 49 Acres; Hit/is Coppice, 48 Acres;

thome's Copjnce, qo Acres; William's Coiner Coppice, 22 Acres; Little Horseshoes Coppice, 51 Acres; Great Horseshoes Coppice, 63 Acres; Barnard Coppice, 60 Acres; and Coppice, 50 Acres; all which

Premises lie within Rockingham Forest, in the County of Northampton. Also Lodge Coppice, 58 Acres;

to reimburse the said Earl the Monies which hath been laid out for this Service.

And your Petitioner shall ever pray, See.

Whitehall, Treasury Chamber, April 17, 18. The Right Honorable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury are pleased to refer this Peti- FI Sale Coppice, 22 Acres; Coppice, 30

tion to Hugh Cholmley, Esquire, Surveyor General of Acres; Great 28 Acres; Cotlesmere'

Sale Coppice, 23 Acres; Little and Nun Sale

Coppice, 18 Acres; ffrearSale Coppice, 1 8; Kingsale

Coppice, 46 Acres; Pynest Sale Coppice, 24 Acres; Buckstone Coppice, 38 Acres; Great alias

WatkinsonSale Coppice, 43 Acres; Little Watkinson, alias Watkinson Sale Coppice. 20 Acres; Stocking Sale Coppice, 15 Acres; Hasselwood Sale 61 Acres;

and My re Sale Coppice, 54 Acres; with the Appurte-

nances situate in the Forest of Rockingham aforesaid: And also, all Woods, Underwroods, Wood Ground, and Coppice Wood, growing on the Premises, and all Trees whatsoever within the Hays or Walks, called

his Majesty’s Lands, and Eduard Young, Esquire,

Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Woods, &c.; who are to consider the same, and report to their Lordships their Opinion what is fit to be done therein.

W. Lozcndes.

To the Right Honorable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

May it please Your Lordships,

We have considered the annexed Petition of the Earl of Westmorland, who by virtue of several Grants and Westhay, in the aforesaid Forest; and from the Crown is intitled to several Parcels of Wood also the Ground and Soil of the aforesaid Woods, Ground, and other Lands, lying within and Parcel of Underwoods, and Woodlands, afore granted (except the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of North amp-all great Oaks, in Height Three Foot from the ton, which he now desires to be declared Free, as other Ground, and in Breadth Ten Inches of Assize Square, Free Hays are; and also to have the Deer granted and except all Boughs and Lops and Tops of all Oaks him that are upon the Premises, and to be discharged and Trees in the Premises, being Timber, which, by the Custome of the Forest, ought not to be lopt and topt; and all Mines; and also, except the Herbage of the said Woodland, for the King’s Deer, and other Beasts, to feed on, as before was wont) And also all Boughs, Lops and Tops of Oaks and Trees, w hieh, by the Custom of the said Forest, are wont to be lopped,

from the Privilege reserved to the Crown. We find her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, by Letters Patterns bearing Date the 3d of Augin the 13th Year of her Reign, Granted to Walter Mildmay All those Woods, Underwoods or Woodlands, or Coppices of Wood, called TrampouleSayle, BayurdSale, Morton Sale,

Nashington Spires, WhispitSale, alias The Queen's Sale, are granted to the said Fay and Bellamy: To hold the Old Sale, Fresh Lease; also One Parcel of Wood same to them, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, Ground adjoining to Fresh Lease, containing Two paying Yearly too/.

Acres; also Lord Montjoy's Sale, Lady Sale Coppice, The said Fay and Bellamy are also empowered to Shorluood Coppice, Poiton Yate, Quarter Coppice, and inclose all and singular the Premises, and to cut and Four Acres thereto adjoining, and Sulchay Coppice, carry away all Woods, &c. (except as before is ex-Jaclc Close Coppice', which Premises lie within the cepted) at Pleasure. There is a Covenant on the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, Lessees Part, that they shall so keep the Woods, that and within the Precincts or Walk called Sulehay Farm, there shall be sufficient Convenience for the Preserva-or Shortzcood, within the Bailiwick of Cliffe or Cleeve, tion of the Deer, and other Beasts remaining on the

Premises;

221

Premises; and also leave sufficient Staddell. There is also granted to the said Pay and Bellamy the Office of Keeper of the Laund of Morekay, in the said Forest of Rockingham, together with Keeper of the Deer and other Beasts within the said Laund, To hold to them and their Heirs for ever.

We find also, That his said late Majesty King Charles the First, by Letters Patents bearing Date the 23d Day of July, in the Fourth Year of his Reign, at the Nomination of the Earls of Westmorland and Peterborough, in Consideration of 2,000l. Granted to the aforesaid Pay and Bellamy, and Francis Pickering and Edward Stanton, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, amongst other Things, all the great Trees, Oaks, Ashes, and Elms, being Timber, or reputed so; and all Saplings of Oak, Ashes, and Elm, and all manner of Woods and Trees, which were excepted and reserved to his said late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Letters Patents bearing Date the 30th of May, in the 4th Year of his Reign, which are before recited, and all Timber then growing, or that should happen to grow, or be, within the Laund, Riding, Limitt, & Boundary of y* Hayes or Walkes called Morehay or West hay, in Rockingham Forest, in the County of Northampton.

The late Earl of Peterborough, Pay, Bellamy, Pickering, and Stanton, by Indenture dated the 31st Octor, in the 4th Year of King Charles the First, assigned to the then Earl of Westmorland, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, all the Timber in the last recited Letters Patents, and before expressly mentioned to be granted to them.

We take Leave to observe to your Lordships, that by the Letters Patents of the 13th of Queen Elizabeth, afore-recited, all the Timber growing on the Premises lying within the Precincts of the Hay or Walk, called Sulehay or Shoriwood (thereby granted) is reserved to the Crown; and the Browse for the Deer does now belong-to his Majesty; but the Wood, after the Deer have browsed, belong to the Earl.

And also, by the Letters Patents bearing Date the 30th of May, and the 23 July, Car. the Timber and Coppice Wood growing and to grow within the Hay or Walk called Morehay or Westhay, therein described, containing 1526 Acres (being granted away) there is reserved to the Crown Herbage of the said Woodlands for the King’s Deer and other Beasts to feed on as before was wont

And if his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to grant to the said Earl of Westmorland, the Petitioner, the Deer within the Precincts of the Hay or Walk called Sulehay or Shoriwood, and within the Hays or Walks called Morehay, and Laund of within the Forest of Rockingham, and shall be pleased to grant the Woodlands aforesaid, and other Lands of the said Earl, to be ffreehay (which is desired) for such Term as his Majesty is impowered to do, by an Act passed in the First Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, we are of Opinion that an Inquisition ought to be taken of the Premises, to know the Value of the said Reservations, in order to reserve to his Majesty, upon such Grant, such Rent as is required by the said Act; and we think it adviseable that if the Deer be granted away, as is desired, that the best Advantage ought to be made of his Majesty’s Demesne (if any there be ungranted within the said Hays or Walks) and that his Majesty should be discharged from paying any Keepers or other Officers "Wages, or other Allowances, on Account of the Vert or Venison within the Hays or Walks aforesaid.

30th Oct' 1718. II. S. G.

A true Copy of the Entry in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands — Examined by

Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

Vol. 47.

Kinth fUpori of the Hoard of

Land Revenue

(A.) ' "'

May it please Your Lordship,

Mr. Attornye’s Report) As to the L4 -

upon Lord Willough- > bids Interest in Bestwoud bye's Peticon. J Parke, 1 finde, upon pu-sall of the Copy of the Letters Patents, that the late King granted to the now L4 , by the

riame of William Willoughby, Esq^ the Custody of that

Park, with the Fees, &c.; and by the same Patent did further grant to him the Herbage and Pannage of and within the Park, to hold from the Determination of the former Grants then in being during his Life, & the Life of John Carey, Esq. And it being fallen in Poseon it is affirmed by the L4 Willoughby (but I have not seen it) that the now King hath granted his Lot,\ a Lysence to plow the whole Parke during the said two Lives.

I conceive that by this Grant the Lord Willoughby hath an Interest in the Office of Keepship, with all the casual Fees belonging to it, and hath an Interest in ye Surplusage of the Herbage, over and above the Sustenance & feeding of the Game, so long as the Parke continues a Parke, but the King may increase the Deere; and if there be no Surplusage, hee that hath the Herbage cannot put in any Beast: And if the King do dispark the Parke (as he may) both the Office of Custody, and the Interest in the Herbage, will thereby determine; yet in such Cases it hath been held reasonable to give Compensation for the Custody and Herbage, wherein the Libty of plowing (if any such there be) is to be also considered.

All which is humbly submitted, &c.

29 Jan. 1666. J. Palmer.

(P,)

EXTRACT from a Report of Sir Charles Harbord, Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, to the Lords of the Treasury, on a Petition of William Lord Willoughby and John Carey, Esq', for a Lease of Beslwood Park, in the County of Nottingham.

The Custody and Herbage of the said Park was granted by his late Majesty, by Letters Patents, dated 20 Octr 1638, to these Petitioners for their Lives successively, with a Fee of four pence p and

my Lord Willoughby hath plowed up a great Part thereof, by Warrant from his Majesty, as he pretends, which otherwise W'ould have been a Forfeiture of his Interest.

I do not find that the Lord Willoughby hath rccT-d the said Fee of Four pence p diem, nor do I conceive it to be due to him, being a Fee for his Keep-ership, which, by destroying of the Deer, is of no use.

I do not conceive that a Grant of the Custody of a Park, with the Herbage and Pannage thereof, doth amount to a Right to all the Profits in case the Deer be destroyed, but ought to be apportioned, as hath been done, in some such Cases, to a third part; and under the late usurpacon, to a fifth part only of the whole, as in the Case of Clarendon Park, &c.

And in some Cases, where the Park hath been dis-parked and disfranchised, the Interest of the Herbage hath been lost without any Recompence given to the Grantee, as in some of the Parkes of the Hono' of Amplhill,&c. But in some of the Parks

of the Hono' of Grafton, the Grantees of y* Custody, and Herbage & Pannage, have been allowed more than the Moyety of the full Yearly value, in Re-

3 L compence

13° Februariu A. 1792.

N inth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

compence of their Interest, during the Term of their respective Grants.

C. Harbord, 20 Apr. 1672.

Examined with the Entry in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, by

)iM,

Acting Surveyor General.

K* 19.

ELIZABETH DEI GRATIA ANGLIE FRAN-CIE ET Hibnie Regina Fidei Defensor &c OMNIBUS ad quos presentes litere peruenerint salutam SCIATIS qd nos in consideratione boni veri et acta-bilis seruicii nobis ante hac per dilectum consilia-rium nostrum Walterum Mildmay Militem Cancella-rium et Subthesaurarium Sccii nostri multipliciter fact et impens De Gratia nostra speciali ac ex certa scientia et mero motu nostris dedimus et concessi-mus ac per presentes pro nobis heredibus et successoribus nostris damus et concedimus prefato Waltero Mildmay Militi totum ilium boscum et subboscum nostrum terram boscalem nostram sive copeciam bosci et Subbosci nostram ac hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin vocat Trampoule sale ac totum ilium bcscum et subboscum nostrum terram boscalem nostram sive copiceam bosci et subbosci nostram ac Hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin vocat Bayard sale ac totum ilium boscum et suhoscum nostrum et terram boscalem nostram sive Copiceam bosci et subbosci nostram et hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin vocat Morton sale nec non totum ilium boscum et subboscum nostrum terram boscalem nostram sive Copiceam bosci et subbosci nostram ac hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin vocat Nasshington spyres ac etiam totum ilium boscum et subboscum nostrum ac terram boscalem nostram sive copiceam bosci et subbosci nostrum ac hereditamentum nostram cum pertin vocat Whitpitt sale alias the Queens sale ac totuin ilium boscum et subboscum nostrum et terram boscalem nostram sive copiceam bosci et subbosci nostram ac heridita-mentum nostrum cum ptin vocat the old sale necnon totum ilium boscum ct subboscum nostrum et terram boscalem nostrum sive copiceam bosci et subbosci nostrum ac hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin vocat Freshe lease ac etiam unam parcellam bosci et subbosci nostram ac terram boscalem nostram ac hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin predicto bosco vocat Freshe lease adjacen continen per estimacionem duas acras ac totum ilium boscum et subboscum nostrum ac terram boscalem nostram sive copiceam bosci et subbosci nostram ac hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin vocat lorde mount Joies sale acetiam totum ilium boscum et subboscum nostrum ac terram boscalem nostram sive copiceam bosci et subbosci nostram et hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin vocat lady sale acetiam totum ilium boscum et subboscum nostrum ac terram boscalem nostram sive copiceam bosci et subbosci nostram ac hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin vocat Shortwood coppice ac totum ilium boscum ct subboscum nostrum ac terram boscalem postram sive copiceam bosci et subbosci nostram ac hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin vocat potton yate quarter ac unam parcellam bosci et subbosci at terre boscalis nostram ac hereditamentum nostrum eidem bosco vocat Potton Yate quarter adjacen cum pertin continen per estimacionem quatuor acras necnon totuin ilium boscum et subboscum nostrum ac terram boscalem nostram sive copiceam bosci et subosci nostram ac hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin vocat Sule-hay Coppyce et totum ilium boscum et subboscum nostrum et terram boscalem nostram sive copiceam bosci et subbosci nostram ac hereditamentum nostrum cum pertin vocat Jack close Coppyce cum omnibus et singulis suis juribus membris et per-

tin universis Que omnia et singula cum pertin jacent et existunt in comitatu nostro Northt infra fforestam nostram de Rockingham ac infra limites et proeinct haie sive le walke vocat seu cognit per nomen sive nomina de Sulehay Farmes et Shortwood ac infra Ballivat de Clyve alias Cliffe in predicta fforesta nostra de Rockingham ac etiam omnes alios boscos et subboscos nostros ac terras boscales nostras quascumq^ ac arbores nostras quascumq, infra limit aut proeinct predict haie sive le walke vocat sue congnit per no-men sive nomina de Sulehay Farmes et shortwood in dicto comitatu nostro Northt ac etiam omnes et omimod boscos subboscos et Arbores nostras quas-cumq^ de in et super predict ter? boscai et ceteris premissis per presentes concess modo ac imposterum cresen et existen ac totam terram fundum et solum omi et singulorum predictorum boscorum subosco? terra? bocalium Copicea? et hereditamentorum per presentes superius concess necnon reversionem et re versiones quascumq^ omi et singulorum premissorum per presentes superius concess et cujus-libet inde par-celle adeo plene libere et integre ac in tarn amplis modo et forma prout nos aut aliqui progenitorum nostrorum predict boscos subboscos terras boscales copiceas bosci et subbosci hereditament terram fundum solum ac omnia et singula cetera premissa per presentes superius concess et quamlt inde parcellam ha-bemus habuimus vel gavisi fuimus aut habuerunt vel gavisi fuerunt vel habere et gaudere debuimus aut habere vel gaudere debuerunt (exceptis tamen semper et extra presentem concessionem nobis heredibus et successoribus nostris orhnio reservat omnibus hujus-modi quercubus de in et super premissis per presentes superius concess crescen sive imposterum cressend que pro maerem reputantur aut imposterum reputabunter existen aut imposterum fore contingen per altitudinem seu longitudinem trium pedem assise a terra magnitu-dinis et latitudinis decern policium assise quadrat an-glice diet tenne inches of assize square) ET INSURER de ampliori gratia nostra ac excerta scientia et mero motu nostris pro consideratione predicta dedimus et concessimus ac per presentes pro nobis heredibus et successoribus nostrns damus et concedimus prefat* Waltero Mildmay militi omnes et omimod lez loppes et toppes omi et singular predictor qucrcum superius per presentes nobis heredib^ et successoribus nostris reseruat et except que ante hac loppat aut toppat fuerunt aut que per consuetudinem Foreste prcdicte lop-pari aut toppari possunt HABENDUM tenend et gaudent predict boscos terras boscales copiceas bosci ct subbosci hereditamen arbores terram fundum et solum lez loppes et toppes ac cetera omnia et singular premissa superius per presentes concess cum eorum pertin universis (except preexcept) prefato Waltero Mildmay militi heredibus et assignatis suis ad propriuin opus et usum ipsius Walteri Mildmay hereduin et as* signatorum suorum inteod firmam imperpetuum TE-NENDUM de nobis heredibus et successoribus nos? tris ut de manerio nostro de Estgrenewiche in Comitatu nostro Kane per fidelitatem tantum in libero et communi socagio et non in capite Ac reddend inde nobis heredibus et successoribus nostris annuatim informa infrascript triginta libras ac viginti at duos denarios legalis monete Anglie ad receptum Sccii nostri heredum et successorum nostrorum ad festum sancti Michaelis Archangeli tantum singulis annis solvend firmia solucione inde incipien ad festum sancti Michaelis Archangeli quod erit in anno domini Mil-lesimo quingentesimo septuagesimo sedo pro omnibus aliis redditibus serviciis exaccionibus et demand qui-buscumqj pro premisses seu aliquo premissorum nobis heredibus vel successoribus nostris quoquo modo red-dehd solvend vel faciend predictus tamen Walterus Mildmay heredes et assignati sui tarn de et pro funia trium librarum sex solidorum et ecto denarior custod sive fforesta? diet haie sive le walke vocat seu cognit per nomen aut nomina de Sulehay farmes et Shortest woods

woods predict pro tempore existcn pro salario suo an-nuatim solubii qm de et pro sufficien firebote eidem custod aut fibrestario annuatim allocand et inveniend de tempore in tempus nos heredes et successores nostros exonerabunt et acquietabunt imperptued acetiam in-venient sui inveniri facient annuatim et de tempore in tempus competen et sufficien le dere brouse pro damis et feris nostris heredum et successorum nostrorum infra predict haiam sive le Walke existen seu imposte-rum existere contingen quequidam ligna vocat dere brouse postqm dame eadem de past et comest fuerint licitum erit eidem Waltero heredibus et assignatis suis ad eorum proprium opus et usum percipere et auferre abs<k impedimento et contradiccione nostr heredum aut successor nostrof aut aliquor officiarior aut minis-tror nostrorum quormq>, absqs aliquo proinde nobis heredibus vel successoribus nostris reddend solvend vel faciend ET INSUPER volumus ac per presentes pro nobis heredibus et successor nris concedimus pre-fato Waltero Mildmay militi heredibus et assign suis qd bene licebit eidem Waltero Mildmay heredibus et assign suis ad eorum libitum et beneplitum de tempore in tempus decetero imperpetuu cum sepibus railis aut fossatis assertare et incoppiciare omnes et singulos boscos et terras boscat per preetentes superius concess et eor questt necnon similiter ad eorem libitum et beneplitum succidere amputare asportare et abcariare omnes et omirnod boscos subboscos et ar-bores quascumq^ (except preexcept) ac lez loppes et toppes predict que nunc de in et super premisses superius per presentes preconcess crescunt et que aliquo tempore imposterum ibidem cressere contigerint ac etiani boscos et terras boscales predict ad libitum et beneplitum ipsius Walteri heredum et assignator suor de tempore in tempus includere et inclus custodire post aliquam succisionem earmdm et ea omnia absqi aliqua licent de vel abaliquo custod viridar regardator Gardiano locumtenent aut Capital Justiciar itinerant sive aliquibus custodibus viridariis Regardatoribus Gardianis locum tenentibus et Capitalibus justiciar itinerantibus fforestar parcor Chacear et Warrennar nostra hered aut successor nostrof vel aliquib^ aliis justiciar itinerant^ fforestar vel aliquib^ aliis Officiar et Ministris nostris Hered vel Successor nostrof qui-buscumq, netend habend aut field et absq> aliquo impedimento interrupcoe aut contradiccoe alicujus Custodis Viridaf Regardator Gardiam locumtenen Capital Justiciar supradict aut alicujus at Official' vel Ministf nostri heredum aut Successor nostrof cujus-cumb3 aliquo lege statuto vel actu Parliament aut aliquibus legibus statutis vel actub3 Parliamen aut aliqua alia re causa vel materia quacurnq^ incontrariu inde non obstan et hoc absq aliquo bfi de ad quod dampnu seu aliquibus aliis brit>3 sive inquisicoib3 aut mandat superinde habend field aut prosequend VOLUMUS eciam ac per presentes concedimus prefuto Waltero Mildmay militi qd habeat et hebit has litcras nostras patentes submagno Sigillo nostro anglie debito modo fact et Sigillatas absq. Fine seu feodo magno vel parvo nobis in hanaperio nostro seu alibi ad usum nostrum poinde quoquo modo reddend solvend vel faciend EO qd expressa mencio &c. IN CUJUS REI testimoniu has Iras nostras fieri fecimus patentes TESTE me ipsa apud Gorhambury tercio die Auguste Anno regni nri tercio decimo — per ipsam Re-ginam, &c.

POWLE.

Examined with a Copy taken from the Original Grant.

N* 20.

(A.)

Sir,

HAVING read to my Lord Treasurer your Report relating to Timber of a considerable Value fit for her Majesty's Service in the Forest of ,on the

Vol. 47-

Lands in the Possession of the Lady his Ninth Report

Lordship desires you to inform yourself further of the of the Buunl of Matters of Fact contained in your said Report, and to 40 evtnue* advise with her Majesty’s Attorney General, what Interest her Majesty hath therein; and that you will hasten your Report in this Matter to his Lordship.

I am. Sir,

Your most humb* Serv',

Treasury Chambers,

15th March 170^.

To the Right Honbl® the Lord High Treasurer of

England.

May it please your. Lordship,

Pursuant to your Lordship's Directions by Mr.

Lowndes's Letter of the 15th March last, I have revised my Report made to your Lordship 18th of concerning Timber fit lor her Majesty’s Service in the Forest of Rockingham, on Lands in the Possession of the Lady Westmorland, and find the Facts therein laid down to be true, That all 'l imber formerly belonging to the Crown, within the Hays or Walks called West hay, and Farming Woods, were, by the Grant in that Report recited, made to Sir Nicholas Pay, Clement Belamy, and others, granted away in I ce.

Having taken some Time to answer your Lordship’s Commands, I have made particular Enquiry into the Situation and Title of those several Parcels of Woodlands, which were mentioned in a Memorial delivered to your Lordship as belonging to her Majesty, whereby I find the same are situate within the Mays or 'Walks of Side farms, and Shortwood, within the Bailiwick of Cliff, in the said Forest of Rockingham; and I find a Grant, passed 3d August, Anno 13th Elizabeth, of all the Woods and Underwoods belonging to the Crown, within the said Hays or Walks, and "of the Soil thereof, to Sir Walter Mildmay, her then Majesty’s

Chancellor of the Exchequer, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, under a Fee Farm Rent of 30/. u. 10 per Annum, which is now Parcel of the Queen Dowager’s Jointure, and paid to Michaelmas last. But out of this Grant is excepted and reserved to the Crown all Oak Trees zchich then did, or aft should, exceed the Scantling of Ten Inches Square, a Yard above Ground: And the Grantee covenants to discharge the Crown of the Sum of 3/. 6 s. 8 per Annum Salary, payable to the Keeper or Forester of the said Walks, and to find sufficient Erowsewood for the Deer from Time to Time, which Erowsewood the Grantee is afterwards to take to his own Use, together with all Topps and Lopps of the Trees above mentioned to be excepted, which anciently have, or by the Customs of the Forest may be topped or lopped.

I have advised with Mr. Attorney General upon this whole Matter, and particularly upon the Exception in the Grant, by Reasons some Persons had informed nie that the same was understood, as if the Grantee had a Right to cut all young Trees under the aforesaid Scantling; and Mr. Attorney agrees with me in Opinion, that the same must be construed for the Benefit of the Crown, and the Growth and Increase of Timber; and I am assured by an Agent of the Earl of Westmorland's, that his Lordship, who has now the Benefit of the said Grant, does not intend or mean otherwise.

I am not able to inform your Lordship, whether the Timber on the Premisses belonging to her Majesty be of so much Value as is represented in the Memorial, without taking a View and particular Estimate thereof; but if your Lordship pleases, the Officers of the Navy may be directed to examine what's fit for her Majesty’s Shipping, which may be applied accordingly, and that which is decaying may be sold for other proper Uses for her Majesty’s present Advantage, which will make Room for other young Trees to grow up, that may be of future Service to the Crown. All

which

Ninth Report which I humbly submit to your Lordship’s great Land* Revenue. Wi*d°m’

v^ ----- ----- ' 29th July 1703.

S. Travers, Supervisor Gen1.

Sir,

My Lord Treasurer having this Day directed the Comm" of her Majesty’s Navy to appoint some fit Person to attend and assist you in taking a View of the Timber belonging to her Majesty within the Bailiwick of Cliff, in the Forest of Rockingham, County of Northampton, and elsewhere in the said Forest, my

Lords desiring that when you have viewed the said Timber, you will make your joint Report to his Lordship of the Nature, Quantity, and Value thereof.

I am, Sir,

Yo' most humble Servant, Treasury Chamber, JVm

29th Janfy 1703.

Endorsed,

To Sam' Travers, Esqr, her Majesty’s Surveyor General,

These.

(B.)

To the Right Honhle the Lord High Treasurer of England.

May it please your Lordship,

' In obedience to your Lordship’s Commands we went into the Forest of Rockingham, in Northamptonshire, and particularly surveyed all the Oak Trees which are now Timber, and also the young Saplings which are flourishing, and likely to be Timber, within the Hay or Walk of Suley, in the Bailiwick of Clffon, the Lands in Possession of the Lady Westmorland, which we conceive do of Right belong to her Majesty; and do humbly present to your Lordship the following Account of the Number of such Trees as we have taken Notice of for Timber, and an Estimate of the Contents of the same; and also the Number of Saplings, in the several Woods and Coppices following; viz.

In Mounjoy Sale

esteem’d as Timber' young & thriving, &

Number of

Timber

Trees.

In Great & Little Shortwood

Oak Trees which are (tho’ most of them

fit to be left standing many Years and preserved) & are recon’d to contain Young Saplings of different Sizes, flourishing,) & likely to become Timber, which we have > not computed the Quantity of - - -J

Oak Trees esteem’d as Timber, many whereof are thriving, and fit to be left stand-

472

ing

In Nassington Spiers -

In Nether & Upper

Morton Sale -

In Great & Little

Bayard's Coppices

In Fair Oak Sale

In Whitepit Sale

In Trampole Sale - -

In Greatfic Little Lady's J Sale - - - \

In Lady Comporstia & Lodge Hill -

In Swearing Green -

In Trampole Green, & other the Wastes & , Rideings - - J

In the Four Quarters of Old Suley -

Young Saplings, which are likely to prove Timber ——

Like Oak Trees which we have esteem’d as Timber, and contain -Young thriving Saplings in this Coppice -Like Oak Trees, being Timber, and containing

& young thriving Saplings there

Like Timber Trees, reckon’d to contain -

Young thriving Saplings there

Oak Trees, being Timber, containing

Young thriving Saplings -

Oak Trees, being Timber, containing

Young thriving Saplings -

Like Oak Trees, being Timber

Thriving Saplings - -

Like Oak Trees, being Timber

Young Saplings there -

Oak Trees, being Timber, containing

Young Saplings there -

Like Timber Trees, containing

Young Saplings -

Oak Trees, being Timber, and containing Young Saplings -

Oak Trees esteemed as Timber -oung thriving Saplings -

Which makes in all -

s f O

- I Y

Contents.

Loads.

Number I of S'. Saplings.

184

399

13*

65.1

293

300 263 398

227

471

233

23

80

1,741

5,389

109

556

26

45

328

204

211

149

370

103

6

48

963

10

26

9

39

38 4 9 9

30

3,528

434

222

35

3S6

73i

507

386

1,445

293

332

43

90

3,787

48 8,691

Of

32 Geo. III.

13° Februariii

225

Of these Timber Trees Two hundred Ninety-one, Westmorland, who, as we are told, have frequently Ninth Report containing Four hundred Thirty-six Ix>ad of Straight made Falls of Timber upon the Sales of the Under- of the Board of n': 1 17 L J"J J woods in each Coppice. We have found also that, n evfnu*-

Timber, and Four hundred and Eighty-seven, containing Five hundred and Four Load of Compass Timber, together Seven hundred Seventy-eight Trees, making Nine hundred and Forty Load, are esteemed of present Service for her. Majesty’s Navy, and there are Sixteen hundred Thirty-four Trees which are looked upon to be defective or decaying, and tit to be

large Boughs have been lopped from divers Trees, which have prejudiced them very much for the Service of the Navy, which Practice is most necessary to be prevented. We have likewise found some Trees cut, lying upon the Ground in Morton , above the Scantling of Ten Inches Square, 3 Feet above Ground, under

sold in the Country at the best Rate that can be got, which Size we have been informed my Lord Westmorland

and are reckoned to contain Eighteen hundred Twenty eight Load, which, if ordered to be felled, ’tis yet probable some of them may prove better than they appear, and be added to those for the Service of the Navy; the remaining Two thousand Nine hundred and

claimeth a Right to cut, by virtue of his Grant of the Underwood and Soil of these Coppices from the Crown; but how far such a Claim is consisent with the Intention of that Grant, or whether the felling Great Timber, as above said, which is expressly excepted and reserved to

Seventy-seven Trees, which we have esteemed as Timber, the Crown, may amount to Forfeiture of the same, we

AAnfoin nnn/iVAn ortrl Slirfir T aa/i nnn n n..V.__! 4. 4 — iV. _ f U ^_H f I t__

contain about Seven hundred and Sixty Load, and are young and flourishing, and ought to be preserved from lopping or other Prejudice, that they may hereafter become useful for her Majesty’s Service; the Eight thousand Six hundred Ninety-one Saplings above mentioned are thriving Oaks, and stand at such convenient Distances that we conceive they may all grow up to Timber, and ought very carefully to be preserved for the future Use and Benefit of the Crown.

This is a full Account of such Trees now standing within the said Forest as we have yet obtained Knowledge of to belong to her Majesty; but we have observed, upon taking this Survey, several Staddels or Stools where large Trees have been cut, which, by the Intimation we received in the Country, were felled by Direction of the present Countess, or the late Earls of

submit to the Opinion of her Majesty’s Council learned in the Laws, as we do the whole Matter to your Lordships great Wisdom.

Travers, S. G. March 30th, 1704. Edaf Wilcox.

C. Newson.

A true Copy of the Entry in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands.

Examined by

Wm Harrison, Acting Surveyor General.

Yol. VJ.

3 M

§ s^E-

er

»53» o o

si!

N* 21. A.

ABSTRACT of Accounts of Navy Timber and Woodsales within the To vest of Rockingham, and of such Woodsales in other Forests as are included in the same Accounts, and of Monies expended in the Execution of Warrants for the felling of the said Timber and WTood, and for other Purposes, from the Year 1700 to 1791; taken from the Accounts of the Surveyors General, remaining in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue.

Dates of Warrants.

Quantities and Produce of Timber and Wood felled in Rockingham Forest.

Expen5 of \ [setting out, \ 1 cutting, I I and I \ felling j 1 Timber. I General's I Attendance, 1 at 20 s. \ i per Day. \

1 r d. 1 £. s- d 1 A £. s. d.

Treasury and

Accounts, fitc.

m

1117$ Trees, containing - - -1

May, 170* - S \ 379 DecayedT roes, and some Pieces -1 -M The Hark of the said Trees - I -

1,002 16 101 24 15 41 G5 — — \ 24 7 $1 34 16 — 1 24 5 2

Repairs, Salaries, and

various other Payments.

£. s. d.

\ Paid into the Exchequer - \ 210 — —

Windsor Little Lark, Salaries! 65 —

Whittletuood and Salcey Fo-| rest. SalT Exp* of Mr. Driver, for bis\

Journey, to take an Accll of the Woods in Rocking-hum F.

[l 157 Trees, and 239 Knees, containing 1 260 30 1 889 15 22d May, 1704 -si 55 DecavedTrees, and some Pieces - - - \

M Hark*'

46 Trees, and 66 Knees, containing 52 16 1 214 2 6 22d May, 1704 -silo? Decayed Trees Hark

,174 Trees, containing - - - 1 246 34 \ 738 10

22d May 1704 .1 \ 33 Decayed Trees, and some Pieces " ’ ‘ 1 Bark.

171 Feet of 2-inch Oak Plank

24th August, 1716 (I 73 Decayed Trues, with the Bark, I 1

6 11 Lops, Topi, and Offal Wood - \ - - \ -

10»h June, 1718 J 1*21 Decayed Trees, with the Batk Lops, Ac, -

5 14. 61 57 6 — I 16 10 —

1 6 31 48 — \ 9 14 61 44 8 — \ 13 — —

1124 Oak Trees felled in Cliff Bailiwick, 26»h April, 1725 j sold to the Right honourable the Earl of Westmorland

14th April 1736 - J442 Oak Trees, Lops, &c.

TOTALS

TOTALS.

30 ——

£. s. d.

484 13 9

6 15 —

846 3 9 1 1 13 — I 41 ----- ----1 5 T 61 19 4 — I 15 ----- --- I Windsor. Mason's Work -1 110 —

83 14 6

New Forest. Repairs -

Hampton Court Park. D° -

Greenwich Park. V -

1 Stuinley Lodge. D*

\ Alictholt Forest. Salaries

11 Hyde Park% Repairs

348 3 1

613 15 3

W indsor Great Park. D°

40 IS W \ Hampton and Rich-T I 293 ll1! #3,016 H

' ' rnond Parks - -J 1 ‘

For His Majesty's Service - j 130 — —

Dtan Forest. Salaries -

Whereof chargeable to the Ac-\ \ ran 1 - \

count of Rockingham Forest - j \ \^»^57 19 6 il,t

187 16

Bushci/ Parks. Repairs - -1 646 7 — »

-I 120 18

- 14,872 12

6 15 —

903 4 1

6,861 10 10

621 1 9

A. 1792-

o

t-

N* 21.

FOREST OF I

o

o

o

oa.

Dr.

To Monies expended in the Execution of Warrants for the Felling and Sale of Timber and Wood, and other incidental Charges relative thereto, from 1700 to 1791.

Paid the Expences of Mr. Driver, for his first Journey with Samuel Travers, Esquire, and Edward , Esquire, her Majesty’s

Surveyors General, to Rockingham Forest, in order to discover and take an Account of the Woods in the said Forest, as appears by the Surveyor General’s Account of the Year 1704, the Sum of ——

£. s. d.

6 15 —

Expences incurred in the marking, setting-out, and selling the Timber and Wood felled in the said Forest -

86 14 u

Surveyor General’s Allowance of 20 s. per Day, for his Service, Attendance, and Riding Charges, in the Execution of Warrants relative to the said Forest ——

Surveyor General’s Poundage on Monies by him reced, at

<r £....

Allowance to his Deputy, for his Service and Attendance in surveying the Woods, and measuring and delivering the Timber ——

Fees paid at the Treasury for Warrants and Entries, and to the Auditor for prepairing and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General for passing the same through the several Offices ——

To Balance

253 ——

94 6 —

95 1(3 —

84 9 10

621 1 9

3.623 7 4

4,244 9 1

B.

I O C K I N G HA M.

C'.

By Monies arising by the Produce of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy, and by Wood Sales within the said Forest, from 1700 to 1791.

Navy Timber -

Wood Sales

By the Produce of 510 Trees and 305 Knees of £. s. d.

Oak Timber, containing 688 Loads and 25 Feet, felled in the said Forest, and delivered to the Purveyor of the Navy, valued at 2,357 19 6

By Sale of 1,584 dotard and decayed Trees, and of divers Quantities of Wood and Timber felled in this Forest, and of the Bark, Lops, and Tops thereof, within the Period of this Account, as by the preceding Abstract (N* 21. appears - 1,886 9 7

r-

5- a &

32 Geo. III. 13° Febru 227

t

13° Februarii. A, 1792.

Ninth Report

of the Board of M» q<*

Land Revenue.

---- ' Sir,

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are pleased to direct me to transmit to you the Memorial inclosed of Thomas Earl of Westmorland; together with the Report of Robert Herbert, Esquire, upon another Memorial of the said Earl, relating to a new Grant of Rockingham , in the County of Northampton: My Lords desire you will take the same into your Consideration, and report to them the Value of the Timber growing on Sulehay Walk, within the said Forest; together with your Opinion, what may be lit to be done thereupon. I am,

Sir,

Treasury Chambers, Your most bumble Servant, the 2 2d March 1764. Thomas Whately.

Surveyor of the Woods.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

My Lords,

In obedience to your Lordships Commands, signified to me by Letter from Mr. , the 2 2d of

March last, I have considered the annexed Memorial of the Right honourable Thomas Earl of Westmorland, relating to the Valuation of His Majesty’s Timber in Sulehay Walk, in Rockingham in the County of Northampton; and also a former Memorial of the said Earl (likewise referred to me) praying your Lordships (among other Tilings) to grant him the Office of Master Forester of Cliff within the said Forest, for Three Lives therein named; and further praying to be freed and discharged from a Clause in the present Grant, restraining him from lopping or cutting down any Timber in Sulehay Walk, within the said Bayliwick.

I find that a Grant pass’d the Third of August, in the 13th Year of Queen Elizabeth, to Sir Walter Mild may, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of all Woods and Underwoods belonging to the Crown

within the Hays or Walks of Sulehay and within the said Bailiwick of Cliff, in the said Forest, and of the Soil thereof, excepting and reserving to the Crown all Oak Trees which then did, or afterwards should, exceed the Scantling of Ten Inches Square, a Yard above the Ground; and 1 am informed the Memorialist is become vested in the Premises, subject to the said Clause, which he prays to be freed and discharged from in the desired new Grant of the same Office.

I have caused the said Timber to be viewed and surveyed by experienced Persons, and find there are no more than 2,750 Timber Trees standing on the Premises (there having been several Falls of Timber made not long since for the Service of the Crown) besides Saplings likely to become Timber; and that very few of these Trees are fit for the Service of His Majesty’s Navy, or likely to be so. And I am of Opinion the same may be valued to the Memorialist, exclusive of the usual and necessary Expences attending the Falls of Timber in His Majesty’s Woods, at about One thousand Seven hundred and Ten Pounds, to be now paid for the same.

I have acquainted the Memorialist with the Quantity of Timber, and the Value of it; who (as the Demand for Timber of this Kind is but small, and there being great Quantities of saleable Timber in the Neighbourhood) seems desirous that your Lordships will accept of such Annual Rent Charge as the proper Officer of the Crown shall think equivalent to the said Sum; to which I have no Objection, if your Lordships shall be pleased to direct the same.

All which is humbly submitted to April 13th your Lordships Judgment.

1764. Edmond Thomas.

A true Copy of the Original, remaining in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands. — Examined by Wm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

V

N* 23-

ABSTRACT of a. Survey and Valuation of the Oak Trees of the Breadth or Thickness of Ten Inches Ninth Report Square, Three Feet above the Ground, growing in the several Woods, Woodlands, or Coppices, within the t^*Board of Hay or Walk called Sulehay Farms and Shortwood, in the Forwt of , in the County of Heve, oe‘ Northampton; taken pursuant to an Order of the Commissioner; of the Land Revenue, dated the 12th of,

July, 1787, by Thomas Stone, Surveyor.

Names of the Woods and Coppices.

Sulehay Coppice, alias Old Sulehay:

Wansford Quarter ——

Short Riding Quarter - -

King’s Oak Quarter ——

Cottages Close Quarter -

Sulehay Farms and Shortwood, alias Old Sulehay Walk:

Mountjoy Sale, alias Lord Mountjoy Sale

(Shortwood -

Shortwood Coppice

Blue Field D° -

if . , 0 , f Nether Morton’s Sale

Morton s Sale - (Fnrthw D.

Jack’s Green ——

Byrd's Sale- - J

The Freeboard between Farther Byard’s Coppice and Cliffe

Park ——

The Freeboard between Nether Byard’s Coppice and Cliffe

Park ——

Old Sale, alias Fair Oak Sale -

The Freeboard between D* and Nassington Walden’s

Stone Pound Green -

White Pit Sale, alias Queen’s Sale, alias Whitpit Sale

Trampoule Sale, alias Frampole Sale -

Frampole Holt ——

The Freeboard between Frampole Sale and John’s Wood

Riding ——

Swearing Green ——

T , c , fLittle Lady Sale.

Lad, Sale - - (Great jJy Slle.

Nassington Spyers -

Sulehay Lawn ——

The Cow Pasture ——

Fresh Leaze -

Trees containing more than 30 Feet.

N° of Trees.

Valuation.

55

4

6

109

£. s. d.

95 16 9

7 1 9

10 — 9

254 6 8

32 13

1 12 3

59 ~ 8

110 1 —

68 11 3

330 8 6

10 6 9

55 13 9

1 11 3

9 9

370 19 7

78 11 9

5 9 6

1 16

102 16 8

]9 9 9

12 8 10

Trees containing aa Feet and under.

N° of Trees.

470

43

119

181

13

Valuation.

£. s. d.

405 5 4 38 2 —

99 2 11 165 12 9

85 6 11

7 6 1

3 10 7

26 3 9

2 1 3

5 i 5

236 17 10

355 8 1

12 19 4

— 11 3

9 1 3

»5 3 1

20 3 —

24 — 5

69 18 6

39 19 1

8 7 5

723 1,630 6 5

2,049 3 5 1,630 6 5

Total

3.253 3,679 9 10

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard,

6th February 1792.

C/ia1 Middleton, Jit Call,

John Fordyce.

Vol.

4/.

N

To

A. 1792.

13° Februarii.

TtntV. Report This Forest is almost entirely encompassed with a

of the board of To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bur- Stone Wall, which is not, however, wholly built on

Lund Revenue.

the Boundary of the King’s Lands, but comprehends various Coppices and Open Wastes, belonging to pri-

gesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Tenth Report of the Commissioners ap*

pointed to enquire into the State and Condition vate and not included within the last mentioned

of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of Perambulation; but which, having once been Forest

the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

The Forest of Whickwood is situated in the West Side of the County of Oxfo between the Rivers Evenlodc and Wainrush, each of which runs within about a Mile of the Forest.

If a Canal should ever be made, near either of

A I'pemlix*

i.

lfiCha. I. Cup. 16.

Land, and afterwards disafforested, are now Purlieus; and, by virtue of the Act which has been referred to, retain Rights of Common on the open Parts of what still remains Forest.

But though the Woods and Lands belonging to private Owners within the Stone Wall of the Forest are not within the Bounds ascertained by the Inquisition of 17th Charles I. they nevertheless continue those Rivers, to the Isis, which they join a little subject to the Range and Feed of the Deer, and are, above Oxford, the Carriage of Timber from the in Effect, injured by them in the same Degree as Forest would be attended with little Expence. those which still remain afforested. The whole Ex-

At present the Land Carriage to the Wharf at En- tent of the Land within that Wall is divided into Five sham, being Ten Miles from the Forest, is Eleven Walks, called The Rangers Walk, Roger's Hill Shillings the Load; and the Water Carriage, from Patch Hill Walk, Potters Hill Walk, and South Lawn thence to Deptford, is Fourteen Shillings the Load, Walk. The Lodges of Three of the Keepers are

being less than from any other of Flis Majesty’s Fo- built upon the Crown Lands, and the other Two

rests to the Dock Yards in the River, except the Forest on private Property, belonging to the Duke of Marl-of Waltham m Essex. borough. Each Walk contains Part of the Lands

From a Perambulation, dated 28th Edward I. we within the Perambulation, and Part of those excluded find that this Forest was at that Time, much more by it. The Right of Common enjoyed by the neigh-

extensive than it now is. — It’s present Boundaries bouring Landholders, extends equally to all those

were ascertained by an Inquisition, dated 12th Octo- Lands; and no other Distinction appears to be made her, 17th Charles I. taken in pursuance of an Act between them, than that the Lands within the Peram-of Parliament of the preceding Year, for ascertaining bulation are called by the Name of The King's Forest, the Bounds of the Forests; by which it was declared, which seems to be used merely to denote to whom they that they should be the same as they were commonly belong.

The Lands in this Forest belonging to the Crown, have been surveyed under our Direction, and a Plan thereof will be delivered with this Report. They consist of

reputed to have been in the 20th of James I.; and the Limits described in that Inquisition or Perambulation, are the Boundaries of the Lands there belonging to the Crown.

Appendix,

N°2.

1

Eighteen Coppices set with Underwood, inclosed for a limited Time after each Cutting, and containing, by Statute Measure ——

Two principal Lodges, called The Ranger's Lodge, and Lawn and Three

inferior Lodges for Keepers, with the Lawns and other Lands inclosed therewith ——

And the Open Ridings, Plains, Woods, and Waste Lands within the Perambulation, which are never inclosed ——

Acres,

1,841

127

1,741

Rood*. Porches. O 0

2 10

© 35

Total within the Perambulation

3.709 3 5

And there arc, without the Perambulation, several detached Parcels of Meadow Land, in sundry Common Meadows near the Forest, from which the Keepers have One Crop of Hay Yearly, as appertaining to their respective Walks, and the neighbouring Farmers the Latter-Math, or After-Pasture ——

32

3,742

2 o

1 5

N° 3. The following Parishes and Hatnlets exercise

Right of Common within the Forest, for Horses and Horned Cattle (except Oxen); namely, the Parish of Ascot-Doyley; the Hamlets of Chit.

hampton, Walcot, and Finsloek, in the Parish of Charlbury; the Hamlets of RamsdenLeyfield, and Langley, in the Parish of; the Parish of

hall, and Hamlet of Asthall; the Parishes of Minster-Lovell, Szcinbrook, and; and the Hamlet of Pain-farm, in the Parish of Tainton, all within the County of Oxford; and the Parish of Widford, in the County of Gloucester; but the Parish of

Lavcllnot having any Lands within the Wall of the Forest, it is doubted whether that Parish is strictly entitled to Common within the Forest The Hamlets of Leyfield, Langley, and Shorthampton, enjoy a Right of Pasture for Sheep (called Sheep Walks) on certain Parts of the Waste Lands belonging to the Crown; and Ascot-Doyley, Asthally, Full-

brook, and Painsfarm, have similar Privileges on certain Parts of the Wastes belonging to private Owners, within the Stone Wall of the Forest. The Bounds of those Sheep Walks are well known, and, if the Sheep are found beyond them, they are impounded by the Keepers.

The Offices appointed for the Government and Care of this Forest, are those of a Ranger, a Launder (or Keeper of the Lawns) and Four Bailiffs, or Keepers, with Two Verderors, and a Woodward.

The Offices of the Ranger, Launder, and Four Bailiffs, appear to have been granted at different Times, for various Terms: In the 30th Elizabeth, 12Nov. they were granted to John Fortescue, Esquire, and 3°Eliz. Francis his Son, for their Lives; and in the 40th of 22 June, the same Reign, to Sir John Fortescue, Knight, and 40 Eliz. his Heirs Male. In the 13th James the First the same 21 Oct0. Offices were granted to Henry Lord Danvers, his >3 .

Heirs and Assigns, so long as there should be any

Heir

T

32 Geo. III. 13° Febmarii. 231

21 Oct.

23 James I.

19 August, 13Cba.II,

Heir Male of Sir John Fortescue, Knight, surviving. " Day for the Laundership; and all other Wages, Tenth Report

In the 23d James the First they were granted in Fee to " Profits, Commodities, and Advantages to the said ^'jet|^u/rfue Henry Earl of Danby; and lastly, in the 13th of Charles" Offices belonging, as fully as any other Person for- v n cvfr‘y* the Second, those Offices having reverted to the " merly enjoyed the same."

Crown, by the Forfeiture of Sir John Danvers, they This Patent was purchased, in the Year 1751, from were granted again in Fee, to Edward Earl of Cla- the Descendants of the Earl of Clarendon, by the Duke tendon, his Heirs and Assigns, by the Description of of Marlborough; and a Copy of it is annexed to this Appendix,

The Office and Offices of the Four Bailiffs, in the Report. N° 4. *

" Forest of JVhichrvood, otherwise called the Eight The Two Grants to the Earls of Dauby and " Walks in Whichxvood;and also the Office of Ran- don are, in all Respects, similar to the preceding

" ger, or the Rangership, and the Office of the Grants of the same Offices, except as to the Fee for *’ Laundership, in the Forest of Whichwood aforesaid; the Laundership, which in those Two Grants is mentogether with the Wages and Fees of Four Pence tioned to be Four Pence per Day, but in all the former " per Day for each of the Four Bailiffs, Six Pence Grants Pence. The Amount of the Fees, accord-41 per Day for the Rangership, and Four Pence per ing to the more antient Grants is,

£. s. d.

For cash of the Four Bailiffs, at Four Pence per Day - - - - 24 6 8

For the Rangership, Six Pence per Day ..... 926

And for the Laundership, at Six Pence per Day - - - -926

£ 42 n 8

Which Sum was invariably paid or allowed to the Ranger, out of the Produce of the Coppices in this Forest, from the 13th of James the First (and probably for a much longer Time) pursuant to a Covenant for that Purpose, inserted in the Leases of the Coppices; and no other Payment appears to have been made on Account of Wages of the Officers of this Forest, until

For the Four Bailiffs, 4 per Day For the Rangership, 6 d. per Day And for the Laundership, 4 per Day

the Year 1751 (the Year in which the Patent was purchased by the Duke of Marlborough) when Lord Hyde, from whom it was purchased, preferred a Memorial to the Treasury, claiming, by virtue of the Grant of the Offices to Lord Clarendon in 1661, a farther Sum of 21 /. 5s. 1 oper Annum, computed thus:

£. s. d.

.....618

.....q a 6

.....6 1 8

£.21 510

Appendix,. N° 5.

1

By the same Memorial, Lord Hyde represented that he held Cornbury Park in Fee, by virtue of a Grant of the same Date to the Earl of Clarendon, under a Rent of 20/. per Annum, which had never been paid. The Memorial of Lord Hyde was referred to the Consideration of the Auditor; and upon his Report, that the Rent had not been paid, and that no Allowance had been made for the Fees and Wages then claimed, the Lords of the Treasury gave Directions for paying what should appear to be due to Lord Hyde, which was stated by the Auditor to be a Balance of 307/. 5s. od. over and above the Sum of 1,800/ for the Rent due for Cornbury Park, for 90 Years, to Lady Day 1751.

That Sum of 307/. ,5s. od. was accordingly paid to Lord Hyde; and the Annual Payment of 21/. 5 s. 1

has ever since been continued to the Duke of Marlborough: But, as the Sum of 42/. 11 8d. allowed to

the Ranger, out of the Produce of the Coppices, is the exact Amount of the Fees granted by all the Patents prior to the Alteration of the Fee for the Laundership from Four Pence to Six Pence per Day, and was allowed in full Payment of the Fees of the Officers of this Forest, we apprehend that the Ranger was not entitled to any other Allowance; and that the Admission of Lord Hyde's Claim, in 1751, was owing to an Inadvertence of the Auditor, who does not seem to have been aware of the Effect of that Condition, in the Leases of the Coppices, which are inrolled in his Office.

1

The Amount of the Payment thus inadvertently made to Lord Hyde (including the Set-off for the Rent of Cornbury Park) was ——

And the subsequent Payments to the Duke of Marlborough, on the same Account, to Michaelmas last, have amounted to -

Together - - - £.

£. s. d.

1,916 5 —

862 6 3

2,778 1 1 3

By virtue of the Grant purchased from the Clarendon Family, the Duke of Marlborough holds the Office of Ranger himself, and appoints the Keepers of the Five Walks, allowing them such Salaries as he thinks fit. He also appoints and pays the Woodward, who has the Care of the Duke’s own Woods, as well as of those

belonging to the Crown. — The Verderors are chosen in the accustomed Manner, by the Freeholders of the County.

The present Officers of the Forest, and the Salaries paid by the Duke of Marlborough to the Woodward, and Keepers, are as follows:

appendix, The Ranger Two Verderors Woodward -

Appendix,; 1V7 Five Keepers,

VoL 47.

f Thomas Gray - -Thomas Morris - -< William Eeles - -

I Joseph Prat

\ Matthew SyJ'ord

His Grace the Duke of Marlborough. fLord Charles Spencer. 1 T c 1 . {FrancisPage, Esquire. J 0 aa,y*

Solomon Goff - - - Salary £. 30.

- I Ranger’s Walk -

- Roger’s Hill Walk

- ! Patch Hill Walk -I Potter’s Hill Walk -j South Lawn Walk

Salaries.

-I£. 10 — - 1 -

10 —

11 — 10 —

The

232

130 Februarii.

A. 1 m

Tenth Report of the Board of Land Revenue, v_____v _____/

The Ranger's Lodge, which is a commodious Stone the Exchequer a Rent of 40/. " and to the Rangers

11*_IT______ ...IiU _______ . rr n 1 te _ 1 TT _ ___ r .1 n . /* l °

Dwelling House, with convenient Offices, Coach Houses, Stables, Farm Yard, and Garden, with an inclosed Lawn of about 6© Acres of Pasture Land, and about 30 Acres of Land in Tillage (of which One Field of about 8 Acres has been taken out of One

and Keepers of the Forest, for and in respect of their Fees and Wages, the Yearly Sum of 42/. Hi. 8 d.with the further Sum of 201, in lieu of Firewood, heretofore usually allowed to the Keepers of the said Forest;" — -and all other Fees,

of the Coppices, and cleared of Wood, by the pre- Wages, and Allowances, to the said Rangers and sent Possessor) have been, for about 20 Years past, in Keepers in anywise due or payable, and exonerating the Possession of Admiral Pigott, by Permission of the the Crown therefrom: And it is provided that the Duke of Marlborough. The South Lawn Lodge, which Lessee shall well and sufficiently inclose the said is also a convenient Stone House, with similar Offices, Woods, and preserve the same from Spoil of Cattle; and an inclosed Lawn of about 50 Acres, were some and shall not put any Horses or other Cattle into the

Time since in the Possession of General and

are now let to Charles Fettiplace, Esquire. These Two Lodges are repaired at the Charge of the Crown.

The Office of the Verderors in this Forest, since the Discontinuance of the Forest Courts, is merely nominal. They have each a Brace of Bucks and a Brace of Does Annually, and no other Perquisite.

The Lodges of the Three Keepers of South Lawn

Coppices, which may hurt the Twigs or Springs of the same, during the Term limited by the Statute for the Preservation of such Kind of Woods, after every such Cutting; " and shall permit the Keepers Yearly " to cut within the same Woods and Coppices, when " they lie open, a competent Quantity of Browsing " of the Shredding of the Trees, for the Sustentation ' " of the King’s Deer within the Forest aforesaid."

The Time of cutting the Coppices is when the

is

Walk, Rogers Hill Walk, and Potter's Hill Walk, as Underwood is at Eighteen Years Growth; and One

well as the Two principal Lodges, are situated within of the King’s Coppices, which are Eighteen in Num-

The King's Forest. Those of the other Two Keepers, ber, is cut every Year. — Immediately before the cut- Appendix,

as we have before observed, are without the Perambu- ting of a Coppice, it is inclosed with a strong Hedge 6'

as

lation, and built upon Lands belonging to the Duke of Marlborough', and all the Five Keepers Lodges are repaired at the Duke’s Expence.

There are at present about One Thousand Head of Deer in the whole Forest. The Numbers killed Annually are 61 Bucks and 42 Does, of which Six

and Ditch, and divided into Portions, called Braids, 40 of which make an Acre of Wood Measure. The Underwood is valued standing, according to its Goodness, from to 4#. 6d. per Braid, being 13*. 4 the Acre for the lowest priced, and Nine Pounds for the highest; and is cut by the Buyers. The Fencing Bucks and Six Does are sent to His Majesty’s Larder, of the Coppices is done at the Expence of the Duke

Appendix,

N°8.

and the same Number to the public Offices, under Orders from the Clerk of the Venison Warrants. The rest are disposed of according to the List annexed. His Majesty’s Right to keep Deer in the Forest is without Limitation.

The Woodward has no Emolument besides his Salary of 301, a Year.

There is another Person employed in the Forest, but

of Marlborough, excepting those Parts which adjoin to the Stone Wall of the Forest, where a Border of the Underwood, of 24 Yards, or 72 Feet, in Breadth, called the Wall Acre, is allowed to the respective Owners of the Lands on the Outside of the Wall, for keeping those Parts of it constantly in Repair; and, in a few Places, where the Wall is discontinued, and the Outer Fence of the Forest is a Hedge, the same Prac-

K°9. not properly a Forest Officer: He is called the Bill Man; tice prevails. This Custom, which is supposed to be

veiy ancient, is the same in the Coppices which are private Property, as in those belonging to the Crown. The Expence of repairing the Wall which adjoins to

the Open Parts of the Forest, is paid by the Duke of

Marlborough.

Each Coppice, after the Cutting of the Underwood, remains inclosed Eight Years, and is then thrown open to the Deer and Cattle, and continues so

Appendix, A’io.

N°

11.

and his Business is to keep the Fences of the Coppices in Repair, during the Time they ought to remain inclosed; for which he receives from the Duke of Marlborough a Salary of 181, a Year.

Though the general Superintendence and C'are of the Forest is committed to these Officers, the Coppices have for a great Length of Time been granted by Leases for Lives, or Terms of Years.

Those Leases having passed through the Office of for Ten Years, when the Underwood comes again in the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, in which Course to be cut.

regular Entries are preserved of all References to that The Value put by our Surveyor oil the Land within Officer, and of his Reports, and the Leases having the Coppices, supposing it cleared and converted to been enrolled in the Rooks of the Auditor, we have Tillage, is for the whole 1841 Acres, 1,111/. i8j. 6d.; had it in our Power to examine the Terms and Con- being from 10s. to 13s. the Acre. In its present didons on which they have been granted for a great State, at the Rates at which the Underwood is sold, while back; and we annex Extracts from those Re- we apprehend it yields, on an Average, about 5/. the ports, from the gth of January 1709 down to the 11 th Acre at each Cutting, amounting, in the whole Pe-October 1762, when the present Lease, of which we riod of Eighteen Years, to about 9,200l. or one

Year with another 511/. per Annum; from which, however, a considerable Deduction must be made for the Fences, but we apprehend the Net Produce cannot be less than 400l.

The Leases, and the Reports of the Surveyors

y<i

annex a Copy, was granted to the Duke of Marlborough, for his own Life, and those of Lord Robert and Lord Charles Spencer.

These Leases grant the Coppices, Wood, and Underwood, and the Shredding of all Trees within the said Coppices, heretofore used to be lopped, cut, or shred; General, enable us to state what those Coppices have excepting all Timber Trees, and all Oak Saplings, actually produced to the Crown, from 1711 to the fit and proper for Timber, and sufficient Standils or present Time, both in Rent, and in Fines on the dif-Stocks to be left upon every Acre, according to the Renewals granted during that Period.

Form of the Statute, the Lessee paving Yearly into

LESSEES.

‘i

32 GrEO. III.

13° Februarii.

LESSEES.

1711. Earl of Rochester

1712. Earl of Rochester

for Two Lives after One in being

for One Life after Two

1752. Earl of Godolphin, in Trust for the ffor Three Lives on Surren-l

~ ----- - _ der of Two - -

Duke of Marlborough 1762. Duke of Marlborough

- for One Life after Two

Fines paid in the last 80 Years -

— being, communibus Annis ——

Annual reserved Rent ——

Salaries and Allowances to Forest Officers out of the Produce of the Coppices - - - - -.....-

Average Yearly Produce to the Crown *

233

Fines Proposed. Fines paid.

£. s. d. £. s: d.

35o 200

100

231 231

250 250

- £. 681

Tenth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

£. 8. d. 8 10 3 40 ——

62 11 8

£.111 111

This is exclusive of the Timber reserved to the Crown, the Produce of which will be stated separately.

No Reasons appear in the Proceedings for those Leases, why the Fines paid were less than the Sums proposed by the Surveyor General.

Finding the entire Government of the Forest, and the Possession of the Coppices, thus committed to the Duke of Marlborough, we directed our Precept to his Grace; with such Questions relative to the Offices he holds, and the present State of the Forest, as seenied best calculated to procure the Information necessary to enable us to fulfil the Object of our Appointment.

Appendix, From the Answers given for the Duke by Thomas N#,a. Walker, Esquire, it appears, that besides the Salaries mentioned in the Grant of the Offices, he claims, as appurtenant to the Rangership, the Right of killing Deer, Game, Fish, &c. and all other Royalties, such as Fines, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Mines, &c. and a Right to all that is growing in the Hollow Woods or Open Forest, such as Heath, Furze, Fern, Bushes, and Shrubs, beneath or inferior to* the Denomination of Timber or Saplings of Timber. That he claims also, under the same Patent, the Ranger's Lodge, and the other Lodges within the Part called The King's Forest, and a Right to cut Timber either in the King’s Coppices or Open Woods, for Repairs of Buildings, Gates, 8cc.; and he states that the Deer have no Provision for their Sustenance in Winter, but from

lopping of Browse, and the Keeper’s Allowance of Meadow Land.

Mr. JValker further say|, That no Swine are admitted into the Forest; that there are no specific Times for admitting the Cattle of the Commoners, or taking them out; that the Forest is cleared only from Necessity, when Want of Food obliges the Owners to remove them, and is driven as olten as the Forest Officers and Marksmen please; and that the Cattle of Strangers are impounded, and a small Fine paid to the Marksmen, and expended by them and their Assistants.

And as to the present Condition of the Forest, Mr. Walker says, " That the greatest Part of the Timber " has been cut, he has been told, at much Waste, and u Loss to the Crown; and that theflft is now very " little left." r *

This Account of the State to which the Forest is now reduced is confirmed to us as well by the Report of the Person whom We employed to survey the same, as by a Survey of the Timber lately made, under the Direction of the present Surveyor General of the Woods, and by our own Observation on a Personal View of the Forest; and yet it appears, that little Advantage to the Crown has arisen from the Timber felled in it during the present Century.

Appendix, N' 13.

The annexed Statement, drawn from the Accounts of the Surveyors General of the Woods, shews, the whole Produce of the Wood and Timber sold for the Use of the Crown, in this Forest, I £. s. from 1700 to 1786 inclusive, was

5,4U

that

d.

6

£. s. d.

The Amount of Repairs of Lodges within that Time - - - 4,407 4 9i

And of Fees, Poundages, and other Expences, on the Felling and Sale of the Timber, and Performance of those Repairs ----- 1,221 9 9 f

— being more than the whole Produce of the Wood Sales, by - -

And that Sum being deducted from the Amount of the Rents and Fines received for Leases of the Coppices, during the same Period; viz. - Rent 40/. for 86, Years - - £.3,440 ——

Fines paid ----- 681 ——

— leaves, as the clear Revenue derived from the Forest from 1700 to 1786 -

'fa

— being, communibus Annis - - - £.

5,628 14 7 217 9

4,121 ——

3,903 10 10 45 7 91

a

s*

Vox.. 47-

3 O

In

234 13° FebruaA. 1792.

In all that Period there was not any Timber supplied to the Amount of 5599 s- 2d. But the Accounts Appendix,

from this Forest for the Use of the Navy; but in the since 1786 not having been passed before the Auditor, *5*

Years 1788 and 1790 there were sent to Deptford we are not able to state what Deductions are to be

Appendix, Yard 105 Loads and 34 Feet of Naval Timber; the made from the Produce of that Timber, or the addi-

N* >4* Produce of which, at the customary Rate of 38 s.pertional Charges incurred in executing the Warrant for Load, paid by the Navy Board for the King’s Timber, those Repairs.

together with the Lops, Tops, and Bark, We have found no antient Survey of the Timber

amount to ----- £. 376 10 2 in this Forest, so as to enable us to compare its former

There were also sold, in those Two with its present Condition. The only Survey, prior to

Years, 410 scrubbed and unthrifty that lately made by the Surveyor General of the Woods

Trees, for the Sum of - 233 13 2 and Forests, is a Survey 01 the Oak Timber there,

----- ----- - taken by Order of the House of Commons, in 1783, N* 16.

Together - - £.610 3 4 when there were growing in the Forest the following

- Quantities of Oak:

And there were issued, in 1789 and 1790, Two Warrants for farther Repairs at the Ranger's Lodge,

Trees fit to cut, of 30 Feet and upwards Growing Trees, of 10 to 30 Feet -- - D° - - 30 Feet and upwards

Storers or Saplings, of 1 to 10 Feet -Scrubbed, unthrifty, shaken, and dotard or decayed -

In the Coppices. - In the Open Forest.

r V Lds. \ Feet. r N« N Lds. Feet

110 83 20 23 7 22

- 901 252 14 996 240 31

- 8 5 l6 1 — 33

- 6,202 4 66 28 1&982 1,162 48

- 1,169 138 10 3,230 265 45

8,39° 945 38 18,232 1,677 29

And the following Abstract of the Survey made in all Kinds then in the Forest.

1789 and 1790, will shew the Number of Trees of Appendix,

N* 17.

1

A

t

u

C

8

k

U

u

i.

1

ft

1

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

235

LIMES.

Improving

Improving

HORSE CHESNUTS.

In the Coppice*.

In the open Forest.

N°. Lds. Feet. N#. Lds. Feet.

22 1 49 IOI 19 12

72 10 46

Tenth Keport of the Board of Land Revenue.

Appendix,

N° 17. B.

35 Hen. VIII. According to the Conditions in the Lease of the

C. 17. Coppices, referring to the Statute for the Preservation of Woods, there should be left, at each Cutting, 12 Trees of Oak on every Acre, or such a Number of Standils or Storers as should make up the full Number of 12 on the Acre. There ought, consequently, to be grooving within the Coppices not less than 22,092 Trees and Saplings of Oak; but from the foregoing Survey the whole Number of Trees and Saplings, of all Sizes, appears to be no more than 9,529, being little more than 5 to an Acre; and the Number of those under 20 Years Growth was only 2,710, being hardly Three Trees to every Two Acres of Land.

In Observations annexed to the last mentioned Survey transmitted by the Surveyor General to the Lords of the Treasury, he states, " That there is no Appearance of Young Oaks, or Tillers, coming up, " under 20 Years Growth, in the Open Parts of " the Forest, nor ever will be, nor ever can be any, " unless a Stop is put to cutting the Bushes in the Forest, and the lopping and cutting the young " Trees, which is done in open Day, and carried " away often in Waggons in the Night, avowedly " and without Regard; inso much that almost all the " Covert for young Wood growing up is destroyed; that the Forest is over-run with Swine; and it is " feared that neither the Swine, nor even the Deer, " are kept out of the King's Coppices, as they are out " of private Coppices, where good Timber is growing. This, he observes, totally prevents the Acorns " from getting up, so that it is impossible for any " Timber ever to get up in this Forest, in Succession to " that now growing, unless Inclosures and Coppices u are made within the Forest: Another great Abuse, " he adds, is, that the Underwood in the Coppices is sold by the Acre, on which the Purchasers not " only cut down all the small Tillers, and Standills, " with the Underwood, without leaving the proper " Quantity fixed by Law, but also lop the Timber " Trees which may be standing within the Coppices. " Great Destruction is also committed by cutting " Firewood without Controul.*’

Finding the extensive Rights mentioned by Mr. Walker, claimed as appurtenant to the Rangership, though no Mention of them is made in the Patent by which the Offices are granted, we were naturally led to enquire whether the Duke of Marlborough held any other Grant from the Crown, in which those Rights were specified; and we were told, with great Candour, by Mr Walker, that there was not any other Grant; and that the Rights claimed were such as he supposed to be conveyed by that Patent, which, besides " the Offices of the Four Bailitfs, called the " Eight Walks in Whichxvood, and the Offices of the " Rangership and Laundership, with the specific ancient Fees of Six Pence and Four Pence per Day,’ grants " all other Wages, Profits, Commodities, and " Advantages, to the said Offices belonging, as fully " as any Grantee of those Offices formerly enjoyed the " same/’

These Claims being founded on those general Expressions, it may perhaps be necessary, in order to

Vojl 47.

N" rt.

N°

19.

discover what the Grantee is really entitled to by virtue of the Patent, to state such Circumstances as we have met with in the Course of our Enquiries, as tend to shew what was the Usage in this Forest, with respect to the Rights now claimed, before the granting of that Patent; and such Particulars in the Leases of the Coppices, as serve to throw Light on this Question.

At a Justice Seat, held for this Forest in the 13th Appendix. Charles I. the Earl of Danby, who then held the Offices afterwards granted in Fee to Lord,

claimed Liberty to cut Trees and Bushes without view of the Forest Officers, but it was within his own Manors only, and not on the King’s Demesnes. He claimed Common of Pasture for all Cattle except Sheep, Levant and Couchant, on his own Estates, according to the Assise of the Forest, Pannage for Hogs and Pigs ringed, and to have his own Woodward within the Forest sworn; and Cheminage for himself and Tenants, except in Fence Month; but, for the Officers, he claimed only, in general Terms, the Fees and Profits. — No Mention was made of those extensive and uncommon Privileges which are now claimed by the Ranger; and in the Roll of a Swanimote Court, held qth June, 12th Charles I. it appears that Lord Danby, though possessed of all those Offices, was fined for having felled some dotard Trees within the Forest; and that Richard Batten, who had been Ranger, was fined for having cut some Pollards.

The Covenants in the Leases of the Coppices seem to have been particularly calculated for the Preservation of the Wood in the Open Parts of the Forest, by taking from the Keepers all Pretence for cutting it, either for their Fuel or for Browse for the Deer.

In the 13th James -I. a Lease of the Coppices was -21 Oct. granted to Henry Lord Danvers, for 31 Years, at 140 I, 13 James I. per Annum; with Covenants, similar to those contained in the subsisting Lease, for paying the Fees and AYages of the Ranger, and other Officers, being 42 /. 11 s. 8 d.per Annum, and 201, per Annum, " in " lieu of Firewood, formerly allowed to the Keepers;

" and all other Fees, Wages and Al/ozcances, to the said " Ranger and Keepers in anywise due and payable; and " to permit the Keepers Yearly to cut, uiihin the " Woods and Coppices, when they lay open, a competent Quantity of Browsing of the Shredding of the " Trees for the Sustentation of the King’s Deer."

This Lease was in being at the Time of holding the Justice Seat and Swanimote Courts in the Ileign of Charles the First; and from those Conditions, joined with the Examples of fining the Ranger for cutting dotard Trees and Pollards, we apprehend that the Ranger W’as not then considered to have any Right or Interest whatever in the AVood growing in the Open Parts of the Forest.

The same Conditions w ere continued in the Lease of the Coppices on granting the Offices in Fee to the Earl of Clarendon; and no Alteration whatever has been made in them since the Patent has been purchased by the Duke of Marlborough.

These Covenants, which are repeated on every Renewal of the Lease, seem to us to be inconsistent with the

236 J 3° Februarii. 1792.

the Claim to far greater Advantages in the open Parts of the Forest, not comprehended in that Lease; and from this Circumstance, as well as from the Description of the Duties and Emoluments of Rangers, and other Forest Officers, in the Books of the greatest Authority Coke ' on ^ese Subjects (of which we have given various Ex-NhithReport, tracts in our Report on the Forest of Rockingham) Page 194. ’ we cannot avoid concluding that the Deer, with the Herbage, Vert, and Covert, or whatever grows either in the Open Parts of the Forest, or in the Coppices, or contributes to the Sustenance or Shelter of the Deer, are not alienated by the Patent, but still remain, as well as the Soil itself, and the Timber, the sole Property of the Crown, subject only to the Rights of Common belonging to the neighbouring Inhabitants, to the Lease of the Coppices, and the usual Privileges appertaining to the Forest Officers while it shall remain a Royal Forest.

The Rights of the Crown have not, indeed, been regularly exercised, nor to their full Extent; and that is easily to be accounted for: None of our Kings, for a considerable Length of Time, have taken the Diversion of the Chase in the Forests situated at a Distance from the Royal Residence; and from the Number and Extent of the Forests, a small Annual Supply of Deer from each was sufficient to answer the Demand for the King’s Table, and for the Fee Deer to the Officers by Custom entitled to them.

The Consequence has been in this, as well as in other Forests, that those Officers to whom only the Custody of the Deer has been committed, have at Length been led to consider them as their own, and to look upon the Forbearance of the Crown as an Admission of their Right.

It would, however, be unjust to those who now hold those Offices to impute to them the Consequences which have naturally flowed from the Neglect we have described, in the general Management of the Forests; and from that Mixture of Rights which Government has unwisely created in this Forest.

The Lease of the Coppices requires no such Reference to Books on Forest Laws, or analogous Cireum-stances, for Explanation. The Covenants are clearly and fully expressed; but sufficient Care has not been taken that they should be observed; — and it appears from what has been stated, that little Chance remains of any Succession of Timber in this Forest, unless some Change of Management shall take Place.

At present there is not any Officer whose Duty it is to attend to the Preservation of the Wood and Timber reserved by the Lease, except the Surveyor General of the Woods, whose Office, as at present constituted, has been shewn to afford no effectual Protection to the Rights of the Crown.

The present Surveyor General has shewn a very anxious Desire to remedy some of the Evils which have wasted this Forest. — He has circulated Advertisements, threatening writh Prosecution those who may be discovered to have done any Injury to the Wood or Timber; and wre are informed they have had some good Effect. — He has caused a minute Survey to be made of the Trees, and has very properly directed that Acorns should be planted in all the Coppices which have been cut within the last Four Years; and, sensible of the necessity there is to have some Person residing in the Forest, to take Care of the Trees and Saplings, he has proposed to the Treasury that he should be allowed an additional Deputy for that Purpose. But though some Advantage would undoubtedly arise from these Measures, we are not of Opinion that they would provide a sufficient Remedy; and much more considerable Changes in the Management appear to us to be necessary, for correcting the Abuses which prevail in this Forest, and effecting its Improvement.

Having stated, as fully as we suppose to be neces-

sary, every Circumstance which appeared to us material concerning this Forest, we proceed now, in pursuance of our Duty, to point out what Alterations we conceive to be requisite, in order to render it productive of those Advantages which, from its Soil and Situation, it is capable of yielding to the Crown and the Public.

In our Report on New Forest, we pointed out the destructive Effects which arose from the Divisum Im-perium of the Exchequer, and the ancient Forest Officers. All the Observations there made, apply with still greater Force to the Forest of TVhichwood, in which the System of Management has been rendered still more complicated.

The Crown having the Property of the Whole, has put the Deer, and the Open Part of the Forest, under the Care of the ancient Officers, in Perpetuity. It has granted the Underwood in Lease for Lives, and has brought that under the Department of the Crown Lands; and the Timber Trees and Saplings it has intrusted to the Surveyor General of the Woods.

It must be obvious to every Person w ho considers the Subject, that it is vain to attempt any Plan of Improvement in this Forest, unless an End can be put to this perplexed Mixture of Rights, and confused Interference of Offices; and unless the whole can be brought under a plain and simple System of Management, confining the Attention, and the Duty of the inferior Officers, to the only Object of any Importance to the Public, the Increase and Protection of the Timber.

The general State of the Timber in this Kingdom, and the increasing Demand for it, require that Measures should speedily be taken to provide a Supply for the Navy, when the present Stock shall fail; and it is our Duty to point out the Means by which that Supply can be obtained from the Royal Forests.

Measures lor that Purpose are no where more necessary, than in that Part of the Country from which the Dock Yards at Deptford and Woolwich may be most conveniently supplied. The great Consumption of Timber in the Yards of private Puilders in the River creating a Demand for all that can be procured from private Property within a moderate Distance, it has been found necessary to bring Timber round to those Yards from the Forest of D: An Expedient that must always be attended with great Expence; and, if it should ever be necessary in Time of War, the Risk would be great, and the Charge much increased. Situated, therefore, as this Forest is, near to the Thames, the Expence of Carriage to Deptford and Woolwich moderate, and the Soil fit for the Growth of Timber, we cannot avoid earnestly recommending that this Part of the ancient Demesnes of the Crown should be preserved as a Nursery of Timber; and this, we conceive, can only be effected by an Arrangement with the Duke of Marlborough, either for the Purchase of his Grant of the Rangership and Lease of the Coppices, or for the Continuance of the Grant of the Office of Ranger, with the Right to all the Game in the Forest, except the Deer, which, for the Preservation and Increase of the Timber, we are of Opinion ought to be removed.

A full Compensation ought certainly to be made to the Grantee, for whatever Advantages appurtenant to his Offices he may relinquish for the Accommodation of the Public. The Expence which this would occasion, must be considered as one of the many bad Consequences of those improvident Grants made in the last Century, and of the Neglect of the Forests during the present, of which we have given many Examples.

The Lease of the Coppices, we humbly think, should not be renewed; but the Land should be appropriated to the Growth of Timber.

From the Survey made under our Direction, as

well

*>Cha. IL 9&10W.

III.

L

32 Geo. III.

13° Februa

237

well as from that transmitted to the Treasury by the the Growth of Timber, in Consequence of the Remo-Surveyor General of the Woods, it appears that there val of the Deer, not only the Benefit which the Com-

are many more Trees growing in the Open Parts of the Forest, which are at all Times exposed to the Deer and Cattle, than there are within the Coppices, which are inclosed for Eight Years after every Cutting of the Underwood; and there cannot be a stronger Proof of the destructive Effect of the Mixture of Interests which is created by this Lease, since it clearly shews, that even the Protection of the young Oaks for the first Eight Years, during which they are most liable to Injury from Deer and Cattle, does not make up for the Mischief done to them in cutting and removing the Underwood.

Coppices are, indeed, that Kind of Property which there is the least Occasion for granting in Lease, be- cause there is the least Difficulty in the Management: No Culture is required, nor any Care, except that of draining and inclosing the Land, and supporting the Fences. Even the Expence of making those Fences is paid out of the Price of the Underwood; so that no Advance of Money is necessary: And it appears from the Account of the Rents and Fines given in the preceding Part of this Report, that there is certainly no Inducement to prolong the Lease, arising from any Profit or Advantage which the Crown has hitherto derived from it.

In Return for the Removal of the Deer, we are of Opinion an Act of Parliament should be passed for enabling the Crown to inclose, for the Growth of Timber, an adequate Proportion of the Open Wastes of the Forest, with Power to continue such Inclosures until the Trees should be past Danger from Cattle;

moners will derive from having the whole Pasturage of the Part left open for their Cattle should be taken into Consideration; but the Detriment which the Owners of Woods and Lands within the Stone Wall of the Forest at present sustain by the Deer, and from which they would be freed by that Measure, should also be estimated, and the Inclosures proportionably increased.

The Power to keep any of the nfew Plantations in-' closed till the Trees are past Danger from Cattle; should not be confined to the Inclosures to be made from the Open Wastes of the Forest, but should likewise be extended to the Coppices.

According to the present Practice, there are always Ten of the Eighteen Coppices open, and Eight of them inclosed.

The Eight Years, during which each Coppice remains inclosed, by the present System of Management, is by no Means sufficient for the Protection of young Trees from Cattle; and the Time for which the Coppices are to remain inclosed should be prolonged, either during the Continuance of the present Lease, if that shall be approved of by the Duke of Marlborough, or after that Lease shall be expired.

In the mean Time the greatest Care should be taken to preserve the young Oaks at each Cutting of the Underwood; for which Purpose an Officer should be appointed to reside always in this Forest, whose sole Business should be the Protection of the Timber; and Acorns should also be planted in the Coppices, as they come in Course to be cut, until the Whole shall

Tenth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

and, on throwing open the Parts where the Trees are be well stocked with young Timber.

in that State, to inclose an equal Quantity of the Open Wastes, in the Manner we have recommended in our Reports on other forests, and upon the Plan of the Acts passed in the last Century for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in Dean and New Forests.

In ascertaining the Quantity which the Crown should be impowered to inclose of its own Soil, for

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard,

6th February 1792.

Cha Middleton, In' Call,

John Fordy

(l. s.) (l.

(r,. s.)

APPENDIX.

N* Page

1. Perambulation of the Forest of JVhichwood, in 17th of Charles the 1st. - - 238

2. Abstract of a Survey of the Lands belonging to the Crown, within the said Fo-

rest; made by Order of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, by Thomas Pride, 1787 - - -..... 239

3. List of Parishes and Hamlets commoning within the said Forest - 242

4. Grant of the Offices of the Four Bailiffs, the Rangership, and Laundership of the said Forest, t 0 Edward Earl of Clarendon-, dated 19th August, 12th Charlds the lid. - ---- - 242

5. Report of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, and other Papers, relative to a Payment of 211. 5 s. 10 d.per Annum, to the Ranger, for Wages of the Officers of the said Forest ----- ----- - 243

6. Examination of Robert Pratt, acting for Solomon Gaffe, Woodward of the said

Forest ----- ----- -- - 244

7. Examination of Four of the Keepers of the said Forest ----- 245

8. List of Warrants for Bucks and Does Annually served in the said Forest - - 252

9. Examination of James Smith, Billman of the said Forest..252

10. Extracts from the Reports of the Surveyors General of the Crown Lands, on

Renewal of the Leases of the Coppices in this Forest, from 1709 to 1762 - 252

11. Lease of the Coppices in the said Forest, to George Duke of Marlborough; dated

10th December 1762 ----- -- 253

12. Answer returned to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, ad-

dressed to the Duke of Marlborough - 255

13. Accounts of Wood Sales in the said Forest, from 1700 to 1786 - - - 257

14. Accounts of Navy Timber and Wood Sales there, from 1786 to the End of the

Year 1790 - - - . - 259

Vox,. 47. 3 P 15. Warrants

238 13° Februarii. . 1792.

Tehth Report of the Board of Land Revenue, v J *5-

16.

J7-

18.

>9«

Warrants for Repairs at the Ranger’s Lodge in the said Forest, in 1789 and

179°....

Survey of the Oak Timber in the said Forest, by Reuben Capes, Deputy Surveyor, in the Year 1783 ——

Abstract of Survey of the Timber and Trees of all Kinds in the said Forest, with Observations annexed, transmitted to the Lords of the Treasury, by the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, in the Year 1790 -

Claim of the Earl of Danby, at a Justice Seat held for the said Forest, in 13th

Charles 1st..... ——

Extract from the Roll of a Swannimote Court, held for the said Forest in 12th Charles 1st. ——

Page

259

260

261

263

263

4

N* 1.

PERAMBULATION of the Forest of in 17th of Charles the "1st.

- FORESTA de,) INQUISICO Indentat capt WHICHWOOD I apud Burford duodecimo die Oc-in COM OXON J tobris Anno Regni Dm nfi Ca-roli Dei Gra Anglie Scotie Franc et Hibnie Regis fidei Defensor &c. decimo Septimo coram Thoma Comite Berks Witto Vicecomite Say & Seale Witto Lenthall Af Prolocutore Doinus Commu Parliamenti Jacobo Fvennes Af Tlioma Penyston Milit & Baronett Jotie Cursan Mit Robto Dormer Alii Tlioma Hoard Mit Thoma Coghill Mit Francisco Norris Mit Bulstrode Whitlock Jotie D’oyley Antho Ilun-gerford Jotie Whistler Henrico Jones Adreano Scroope et Jotie Osbaston Armigeris Commissionaf dei Dili Regis per Lfas Patcntes ejusdem Dili Regis sub magno Sigillo suo Anglie Sigillat geren Dat apud Westiii tricessimo die Augusti Anno Regni dci Dfii Regis decimo septimo supdeo Commissionar supdeis et alijs Commissionaf ejusdem Dni Regis direct et huip Inquisiconi annex ad inquireud et inveniend per I11-quUicbnem protior et legaliu Hoifim sup Sacrum suu et p Sacfm Testium pducend et p oes alios modos legittimos Oeset singulos Terminos Metas Bundas et limites Forest dci dhi Regis in Com Oxon pfd qui sues vulgariter cognit fuisse Termini Mete Bunde et limites diet Forest Anno Regni Dhi Jacobi nup Regis Anglie &c. vicessimo juxta tenorem cujusdm Actus in presenti Parliament apud Westin in Com Midd modo assemblat edit & provis Intitula " An Act for the c^taynetie of Forests & of the Meets " Meares Limitts and Bounds of the Forests" Et ad 01a alia et singula faciend et pimplend in et circa Inquisiconem pfd capiend et retornand ejusdem faciend que juxta tenorem dci Actus l'aciend sint faciend ct perimplend Assignat in f>sentia Ilenrici Comitis Danby I.ocu Tenefi Foreste dc Whiclnvood pfd Jotiis Lacye Mit et Jotiis I'cttiplace Af Veridariof ejusdiu Foreste Wiiti Lenthall Senescalli Foreste pfd Acton Drake Af Rungiatoris dec Foreste Jotiis Wells Jotiis Sparrowe Thome Kcwe Steptli Kewe Steptii Brice Jacobi Olave et Ilumphfi Smyth Cnstod deb Foreste et Jotiis Moore Gen With Whiteing Gen Nicbi Clarke Rici Harris Witti Lanlner Sen Thome Martin Fdfi Rawlins et Rici Gyles Regardator Foreste pfd et aliof Official' Foreste pfd Execue ejusdem Commissionis assisted et attended reliquis Officiaf ejusdem Foreste ad hoc prius pfmonitis sed Execucon inde mie assisted sive attended p Sacfm Witti Sheppard Af Jotiis Denton Af Jotiis Fitzherbert Af Jotiis Parsons Gen Woodhatl Streete Gen Jotiis Greene Gcnef Ilumfri Wickham Af Edri T&ylor Af Thome Cliauiberlaine Af . Georgii Greenwood Ged Henrici Cornish Gen Thomfe Turner Gen Rici Sawyer Gen Francisci Turner Gen et Jotiis Dodwell Join Gen pbor et legaliu Homin Coffi prd Qui quidem Juf jurati ct onati ad inquireud et inveniend qui sues termini mete bunde et limites Fores? de Whichwood pfd qui sues vulgariter cognit fuisse termini mete bunde ct limites ejusdem Foreste Armo Rfii dci Dfii Jacobi nup Regis Anglie &c. vicessimo supdeo di-

versis Testib^ side dignis jurat et at Evidenc p duct dicunt sup Sacfm suu quod termini mete bunde et limites ejusdem Foreste qui l’uef vulgariter cognit fuisse termini mete bunde et limites ejusdin Foreste Anno vicessimo supdeo incipiunt apud Locum colter vocat Wittall Stile in Australi Angulo Anglice the South Corner Campi vocat Wallcott Feild px adja-cen muro Parci vocat Corneburie Parke et sic p Mu-rum ejusdem Parci usq locum vocat Patchill Gate Corner et sic p Murum ibm usq ad Copiciam vocat padise Coppice Et sic p Haiam et Fossam vocat padise Hedge usq Campum vocat Lurden Feild Et sic p Haiam et Fossam ejusdem Campi usq^ Ctm. vocat Eight Acres Et sic p Haiam ct Fossam ejusdem Cti usq, Januatn vocat Rode Gate et sic p Ilaiam & Fossam Cti vocat Beneliedge ats Bennetts hedge usq Januam vocat Gaddinge Gate ats Gatesdene bead ex-cludend Obs metas pd ex pte sinistra extra Forestatn prd Et sic p Cobm Regiam viam in Raoisden Heath ats Hulwerk ducen a Burgo de Woodstock \Jsus Viliam de Burford ad Stagnu vocat Duck Poole et sic p viam pfd usq locum vocat five Oake ats le Wyleoke Et sic p viam illam ad Caput loci vocat Dock Slad Synett ats Dock Slad end et sic p viam illam usq ad Januam Ville de le feild coiter vocat Studlve ats Stodley includend metas pfd ult menconat ex pte Dextra infra Forestam pfd et sic p Haiam et Fossam Cti vocat Little Sarte et sic p Haiam et Fossam Cti vocat Kinges Sarte et sic p Haiam et Fossam Cti vocat Grasse Close Et sic usq Januam vocat Hatchinge Lane Gate et sic p Haiam et Fossam Cti vocat Hollow Cake Close usq Hasill Stile et sic usq finern Venelle vocat Holland Lane et sic usq Januam vocat le feild Greene Gate et sic usq An-gulum Cti vocat Cow Close Corner Et sic p Haiam et Fossam Cti vocat Cow Close Hedge usq, lapidem vocat Hore Stone in loco vocat Gadley Et sic usq locum vocat Clevsart Corner Et sic p Haiam et Fossatn vocat Cleysart Hedge usq Januam vocat Gadlev Gate et sic p Ilaiam et Fossam vocat Watcham Sarte Hedge usq locum vocat Lowborow ats Loneburie Corner excludend metas ult menconat a Foresta prdca ex pte sinistra Et sic p Viam inter boscum Dni Regis et Copitiam vocat lowborow ats loneburie Coppice usq locum vocat Lillies Crosse Et sic p locum vocat Fordwell bottome ats Duck Poole bottorne ats Suke-dene p I.apides et Metas Antiquas includend pfdcas Metas in Forestam pfd ex pte dextra et in via inter boscum Dni Regis et dcatn Copitiam vocat Lowborow ats Loneburie Coppice usq Fordwell Poole ats Duck Poole ats Sewkeford Et sic p Regiam viain ducen versus Viliam tie Burford pfd p locum vocat Puntas ats Puntas Corner Et sic p viain vocat le Meere Way inter boscum Dni Regis et Boscum vocat West Grove ats Westgrove Coppice usq locum vocat Rowstidge Corner Et sic p Viam vocat Rowstidge Way inter Boscum Dni Regis vocat Rowstidge Coppice et boscum vocat Hengrove ats Hcmegrove usq locum voca Elderne Stumpe et sic inter locum vocat J^adyham et Boscum Dni Regis usq locum vocat La-dybam Corner in Hengrove ats Hemegrove pfd et sic p boscum vocat Hengrove ats Hcmegrove Coppice usq locum vocat Hengrove Coppice Corner et sic usq Crucem in South Lawne vocat Tudvin ats Tudhili

Crosse

.32 Geo. III. 13° Febriiarii.

239

Crosse ct sic inter boscos vocat Tainton Woods et boscuni Dni Regis includend Domu vocat Burford Launde Lodge infra Forestam prd ex pte Dextra et oes metas prd linea recta usq, lapidcm vocat Frethele-stone Ft sic usq, Januam vocat Fretbelstone Hatch ats Shippon Gate et sic usq, Angulum colter vocat Langley Corner p murum vocat Langley Wall usq, locum vocat Langley Pownd et sic usq, Januam vocat Little Langley Gate et sic usq, Angulum vocat Furfeild Corner et sic usq, locum vocat Shakenhoe ats For-sakenhooke ats Cutehateh Gate, et sic p Murum ibm usq, Locum cotter vocat Preistgrove Corner ats Priest-groves End px adjacet! loco vocat Ball’s Acre excludend oes metas ult menconat cx pte sinistra a Fo-resta prd Et sic in medio Vallis inter Boscum Dni Regis vocat Shakenhoe ats Forsakenhoe et Copiciam vocat Preistgrove usq, lapidem vocat Horestone Et sic

L Locum vocal Woofeild Greene ats Preistgrove wne inter Boscum Dni Regis vocat Banstock et aliutn Boscum Dni Regis vocat Kingeswood et Boscum vocat Boynall usq, locum cotter vocat Kingeswood Stile et sic usq, locum vocat Braswell ats Brastenh&ll Point ats Braswell ats Brastenhall Corner et sic inter Boscum Dni Regis et Campura Ville de Ascott usq, Januam vocat Braswell ats Brastenhall Gate et sic usq, Angulum voca? Small Stone Corner et sic usq, locum vocat Small Stone Stile et sic usq, locum vocat Haw'ke-well bottome et sic p Haiam et Fossam Campi Ville de Chilston usq, Waddon Greene et sic inter boscum Dni Regis et Copiciam vocat Knigton Coppice unde ' occidentalis pars inde suit boscu quondam Dni Jofiis JHij Nigelli et Orientalis ps inde suit boscu Thome Golafre usq, Cockshoote Hill et sic usq, Angulum vocat Cockshoot Hill Corner et sic p Haias et Fossas Coppie prd vocat Knighton Coppice excludend a Foresta

prdca ex pte sinistra Oes metas ult menconat et sic Tenth Report p viam vocat le Meere way inter Boscum Dni Regis Sf t|'e®oard of et prd Copiciam vocat Knighton Coppice usq, Big- renue.

gersden Corner & sic usq, Januam vocat Biggerden Gate et sic usq, Januam vocat Newcrosse Gate ats Dam-poste Gate et sic usq, Januam vocat Little Wadesgate ats Walcott Gate et sic p Haiam et Fossam Campi vocat Wallcott feild fledge usq, prdcum locum vocal Wittall Stile ubi mete et bunde Foreste prd incipiunt excludend a Foresta prdca Oes metas ult menconat ac includend infra Forestam prd totum ex pte Dextra et excludend extra Forestam prd totum ex pte sinistra IN CUJUS rei Testimoniu tam prefat Commissionar qm prfal Jur Sigilla sua psentibj apposuer Die et Anno supdcis.

~ William Sheppard.

John Denton.

John Fitxherbert.

Tho. Chamberlayne.

Humphry Wykaiu.

Woodhall Streete.

Edward Taylor.

Henry Cornish.

George Greenwood.

Frauncis Turner.

Richard Sayer.

John Parsons.

John Dodwell.

John Greene.

Tho. Turner.

Tho. Penyston. Fra. Norreys. John Whisler. Thomas Jones. John Osbaston.

Examined with the original Record in the Petty Bag Office.

-JAMES WOOD.

N* 2.

ABSTRACT of a Survey of the Lands belonging to the Crown within the Forest of Whkhzvood; made by Order of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, by Thomas Pride, 1787.

The Lodges, with the£awns and other Lands held therewith;

The Ranger’s Lodge, Offices, and Garden - -

The Lawn -

There appertains to this Lodge, by Catsham Bridge, King's Mead (on the River Enilode)a Piece of Meadow Ground, called 12 Mens Month;

- the Keeper has from it only One Crop of Hay Annually -The High Lodge (or Roger's Hill Lodge -

There appertains to this Lodge, in the Combs, in Ascott, Meadow Ground called Mens Moath’, the Keeper hat from it only One Crop of Hay Annually -

Potters Hill Lodge ——

There appertains to this Lodge, in Shipton, Meadow Ground called Mens Moath; the Keeper has from it only One Crop of Hay Annually - -

South Lawn Lodge, Offices, and Garden ——

South Lawn -

There appertains to this Lodge, in Shipton Mead (on the River )

Meadow Ground, called 11 Mens Moath; the Keeper has from it only One Crop Annually ——

Bray's Walk (or Patch Hill Wilk) ——

Appertaining to this Walk, in Shipton , is a Parcel of Meadow Ground, called 1 £ Mens Moath; the Keeper has from it only One Crop Annually - - - ~

Contents. I Annual Value.

A; R. P. £. s. d.

2 3 0 6o» — —

6e 1 0 30 2 a

1200 10 — —

510 10

400 3

5 1 20 10

400 3

3 f 10 50

50 2 20 43 *

11 00 8 *

120 1 10 —

1G0 0 10 £. 228 12 6

VOL 47-

The

Tenth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

Cranehill Copse Hazelwood Copse Evedon Copse Buckleap Copse Five Oak Copse Slate Pitts Copse Lankridge Copse Cockshoothill Copse Smallstones Copse Kingswood Copse Shakenhoof Copse Pollard Copse -Galdey Copse -Hawkes Copse -Broad Quarter Copse Rowstage Copse Wastage Copse Knottage Copse

13° Februarii.

The King’s Coppices:

A. 1792.

Contents- Annual Value.

A. K< Pw £. s. d.

97 1 0 58 7 —

150 0 10 90 — 6

71 2 30 36 7 —

62 2 30 31 7 —

57 3 20 31 16 6

98 1 0 49 2 6

124 1 0 62 2 6

- 104 1 0 72 19 6

- 152 3 20 9‘ 14 6

164 0 0 98 8 —

39 0 0 25 7 —

96 3 0 58 1 —

- 73 2 20 5i 10 6

86 2 0 43 5 —

- 143 2 20 too 11 —

93 0 0 46 10 —

- 76 1 20 53 9 —

147 3 30 in —

1,841 0 0 £.1,111 <0 OO

The Open Woods, and other uninclosed Lands, called Hollow Quarters, with the Ridings between the Coppices, &c.:

South Lawn ——

South Lawn Pollards -

Shipton Riding.

Langley Scrubs, and Round Hill Wastage Green -

Riding between Broad Quarter and Hawkes Copse Potters Hill ——

The March ——

The Riding ——

Banstock ——

Hall’s Hill..

Fern Hill ——

Grug Hill ——

Hazel Hill ——

Whitley Hill....

Millens Corner -

Fern Plots -

Churchill Copse Hill - -

Newhill Plain -

Hatching Hill -

Bosley Riding -

Cross Maple Hill -

Hawkes Nest -

Patch Hill and Keepers Heath Plotts -Dogkennel - -

Whitney Way -

Threepenny Copse -

Walcot Quarter, and Sheepslade

Contents. Annual Value.

A. K. p. £. s. d.

45 O 20 38 7 —

40 3 0 34 12 —

3o 0 10 21 — —

29 1 15 19 1 —

21 0 20 16 18 —

8 2 0 5 2 —

33 2 0 16 15 —

27 1 0 *9 1 —

144 0 20 122 10 —

7i 1 20 42 16 —

25 1 30 8 18 —

> 50 1 0 30 3 ~

50 2 30 35 10 —

60 2 20 36 7 —

91 3 20 55 3 ~

53 2 0 32 3 "

75 2 20 15 2 —

99 0 20 64 8 —

52 3 0 18 9 —

112 2 0 78 15 ~

88 0 20 44 1 —

97 0 20 63 2 —

128 2 0 89 19 —

80 3 0 16 3 —

3 3 20 30 —

73 3 0 36 17 —

23 1 0 12 15 —

48 2 0 24 5 —

1,667 1 25 £.1,028 1

RIDINGS:

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

241

RIDINGS:

Riding between Hazehooood and Shocks Copse....

Riding between Hazelwood and Eveden Copse....

Riding between Eveden and Buckleap Copse -Riding between Eveden and Lankridge Copse -Riding between Lankridge, Cockshothill and Knighton Copse Riding between Cockshothill and Knighton Copse -Waddon Riding, on the East Side of Smallstone Copse -Riding between Slatepitts, Cockshoothill, and Lankridge Copse -Riding between Kingswood and Boynal Copse Lowborough Bottom to Fordswell ——

Riding between Broad Quarter, Westgrwe, Stock ley, and Copse

Riding between Rowstage, Broad Quarter, and Hawkes Copse -

Riding between Rowstage and Hensgrove Copse -

Riding between Rowstage and // astageCopse

Riding between Wastage and Knottage Copse -

Riding between South Lodge Lawn, Knottage, and Westage Copse

Contents. Annual Value.

A. R. P. £ & d»

- 3 2 0

- 8 0 10

- l 3 10

4 3 o

- 8 2 30

- 3 1 0

- 3 3 10

- 7 0 20

- 4 0 20

- 4 1 20

- 9 2 20

- 5 3 !0

- l 1 30

- 3 1 10

- i 3 20

- 4 1 0

73 310 £. 36 18 —

Tenth Report of the Board of Laud Ravenue.

ABSTRACT.

Lodges, Lawns, and other Lands, occupied by the Ranger and Keepers The King’s Coppices ——

Hollow Quarters ——

Ridings ....

N.B. — The Five Pieces of Meadow Land appertaining to the Keepers are not within the Perambulation of the Forest -

Total within the Perambulation - -

Contents. Annual Value.

A. R. P. f. s. d.

0 0 N4 O 22S 12 6

1,841 0 0 1,111 18 6

1,667 1 25 1,028 1 —

73 3 10 36 18 —

3,742 1 5 2,405 10 —

32 2 0 to Gn *+ 0 1

3,709 3 5 [ f. 2,380

OBSERVATIONS.

The Soil of Whichwood Forest is mostly a Stone Brash (Hilly Ground) intermixed in sundry Parts with a strong deep sour Clay, Marl, and Mortar Earth, the Whole is found healthy Ground for the Growth of Timber, Underwood, or Tillage. It would be more productive and beneficial under the Superintendance of a Surveyor, than to remain in its present neglected State, and the Crown not renewing the Lease of the Eighteen Copses, as there is seldom found any Stock of Timber in Woodlands held under Lease. — Provided this Tract of Land was disforested, and enclosed, this Mode would certainly be the most effectual Method to be pursued for the Increase and Preservation of Timber for Government Use; the other Land contained therein would likewise produce a considerable Revenue. The Timber now growing in the Forest runs rather short, especially in the Copses; most of the Trees are much damaged by being often boughed

whenever the Underwoods are felled; the Prevention of thus constantly damaging the Timber, during the present subsisting Lease, possibly may not be easily effected, as it gives a Privilege for shredding all Trees that have been hitherto lopped or boughed, and there are scarcely any growing therein but what have been shredded; this Usage renders them defective, and few at this Period are found fit for the Navy, a considerable Quantity are only proper to be vended for Country Use. In cutting the Timber which has been felled within the Forest for Years past, for repairing the Lodges (as reported) it has been the Practice to cut down the prime Trees, still leaving the unthrifty scrubbed ones; these at present cover much of the Ground, hinder the Growth of an improving Stock, as a Nursery and Store for the Navy, though I don’t find any have been converted or produced from hence for that Purpose within Memory.

Vol. 47.

3 Q

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Ttnth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

N* 3.

LIST of Parishes and Hamlets commoning within the Forest of

The Parish of Ascot Doyley ——

The Hamlets of Chilson - -A

Pudlicot - - I

Shorthampton - in the Parish of Charlbury

JValcot, and

Finstock -

The Hamlets of Ramsden -

Leyfield, and

Langley -The Parish of Asthall -The Hamlet of Ashally, in the Parish of Asthall The Parish of Minster Lovell -

The Parish of Swinbrook -

The Hamlet of Painsfarm in the Parish of Tainton, and The Parish of Fulbrook -The Parish of IVidford, in Gloucestershire.

| in the Parish of

„ N

-; in Oxfordshire.

The Parish of Minster Lovell, not having any Lands within the Forest, it has been doubted whether that Parish has strictly a Right of Common within the Forest, or not.

Robert Pratt.

Signed by us, November 23d 1791.

Tho* Gray, - -The? Morris, - -Joseph Pratley, The Mark of x

JVm Eeles, - -

The Mark of

x

Jot Smith, - -

Keepers of the said Forest.

1 Billman.

N* 4-

Duodecimo Pars PATEN de Anno R: R: CAROLI SCDl Tercio decimo.

I):jCONCESS EDRO V REX Omit^ ad quos

COM CLARENDON, f &c- Sal?m. SCIATIS qd

J nos p et in Consideracoc boni veri eminentis et acceptabilis Servicij nob et pclarissimo Patri nfo beate memorie p pditctm et perqm fidelem Consanguineu et Consiliaf nrm Ed rum Comitem Clarendon magnum Cancedar nrm Angt multiplicit impens et qd nob indies impendere non desistit ac p dipsis bonis causis et consideracoib^ nos specialit moyen de gra nfa spiali ac ex c?ta scientia et mero motu nfis DEDIMS & CONCESS1MS et p psentes p nob Hered et Successor^ nfs DA.VIs et CONCEDIMs pfat Edfo Comiti Clarindon Hered et Assignat suis Officiu et officia quatuor Ballivor in Foresta nra de Wichwood in Corn nfo Oxon als diet less Eight Walkes in Wichwood in pdief Coin ex nfo Oxon nec non officiu Rangearator sive Rangership pdicl Foreste ore de Wichwood in pdict Com nfo Oxon ac eciam officiu de le Landership Foreste nfe de Wichwood pdict Ac eundem Edwardum Comit Clarindon hered et assignat suos Ballivu et Ballivos pdict Foreste nfe de Wichwood ats diet les eight Walkes in Wichwood pdict ac Rangeator et Landef Rangeatores et Landeros Foreste nfe pdicl p nob hered et Successo-ribj nfis facim* ordinain* cream* et constituim* p psentes HABEND GAUDEND Occupand et Exercend officiu pdict et eof quodlibet ac cetera pmissa cum eor Juribj Privilcgijs Libertat et ptinen univ^sis pfat Edfo^omit Clarindon Hered et Assignat suis tam p seipsm et seipos qin p ejus et eof sufficien Deputat sive Deputatos suos suffientes ad solum et ppriu opus et usum ipius Edfi Comit Clarindon hered et assignat

suor modo et forma pdict ET ULTERIUS de uberiori gra nra DEDIMS et CONCESSIMs ac p psentes p 110b Hered et Successoribj nfis DAM* etCONCEDlMs plat Edfo Comit Clarindon hered et assignat suis p exercitio occupacoe et execucoe officior pdict vad et leod subsequent viz. p exercitio occupacoe et execucoe olliciof cujuslibet pdict qua-luor Bullivof Foreste pdict vad et feod quatuor de* nariof p diem et p exercitio occupacoe et execucoe pdict ofiicij Rangeator sive le llangershipp vad et feod Sex denariof p diem et p exercitio occupacoe et execucoe pdict officij de le Landershippe vad et feod quatuor denariof p diem una cum omnibj at vad pheius Commoditat et advantag diet sepat offic sive eof alicui antehac quoquo modo spectan vel ptinen in tam amplis nrodo et forma put Willus Compton Miles, Henricus Norres Anniger, Robertus Whithill Armiger, Jobes Bruges Mil, Thomas Bruges Armigef, Joties Fortescue Miles, Franciscus Fortescue Mit, Henricus Dnus Davers et Henricus Comes Danb^ aut eof aliquis aut aliquis alius sive aliqui alij offic pdict sive eof quodlibe? antehac habentes exer-centes et occupantes hens exercens et occupans hu-efunt pceperunt vel gavisi sues huit pcepit vel gavisus suit seu hefe pcipe vel gaudere debuef aut debuit in aut p officiis pdict aut eof aliquo aut racone vel Btextu eofdem officior seu eof alicujus HABEND GAUDEND et annuat pcipiend ead sepal vad et feod et eof qdlibt ac cetera pfmissa a die dat haf literaf nfar Paten pfat Edfo Comit Clarindon Hered et Assignat suis modo et forma pdict p manus Receptoris General omiu terf et possession nrar in dco Com nfo Oxon p tempore existen de pfic Reddit Firm Terf tentis Hereditament Exit et Revencoibj nris quibzcunq^ infra dcum Com nrm Oxon ad Eesta Set Micnis Arctii et Annunciacois bte Marie Vir-ginis p equales porcoes annuatim solvend et pcipiend absq^ aliquo Compo vel aliquo also pinde nob

hered

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

243

hered et Successor^ nfis quoquo modo Reddend

i j . £ TT August, the 13th of King Charles the Second, to Tenth Report

solveud vel faciend ET ULTfJRIUS VOLUMs ac Edward Earl of Clarendon, and his Heirs for ever, of ®oan*ot

p psentes p nob Hered et Successor^ nris Con- Combury Park, in the County of Oxford, with the An- V_ enu''

cedim* qd he bre nre PATENTES vel IRROTU- purtenances, and several Lands and Premisses in the /

LAMENT eardem erint de tempore in tempus suf- sa'd Grant particularly mentioned, under the Yearly

ficien Warran et Exoneraco tam Receptoribj fiallivis Rent ot 20/. payable to his Majesty and his Suc-

et alij Officiar et Ministris " ~ ~ - " 1 1' 1

Revencon Corone nre infra dcm Coin nrum p tempore existen qm Thesau-rar et Baronibj Sccij nri p solucoe deliberacoe et allocacoe pdict sfepaf vad et feod & eor cujuslibt EO qd expressa menco &c.

cessors Half Yearly, at the Receipt of his Exchequer, or to the Bailiff of the said Premisses for the Time being; and another Grant, made the same Day, to the said Earl and his Heirs, of the Office and Offices of the Four Bailiffs of the Forest of in the

IN CUJUS rei &c TESTE REGE apud WestiQ said County, and also the Rangership and Laundership decimo nono die Augusti. of the said Forest, at the several Fees and Wages of

p breve de privat Sigith Four Pence, Six Pence, and Four Pence per Diem,

amounting in the Whole to the Sum of 21/. 5

This is a true Copy from the original Record remaining in the Chapel of the Rolls, having been examined.

John Kipling.

N* 5.

Auditor’s Office, New Palace Yard, 28th January 1792.

Gentlemen,

In Obedience to your Letter, of the 20th Instant, desiring to be informed how long since the Annual Payment or Allowance of 21/. 5s. 10 has been made, by Debenture, out of the Land Revenue to the Duke of Marlborough, in the Manner therein mentioned; viz*.

wood, at 4 d. per Day -For the Rangership, 6 d. per Day And for the Lawndership, 4 per Day

£. s. d.

h-

- 6 1 8

- P 2 6

- 6 1 8

£. 21 5 10

I have looked into the Receiver’s Accounts and Books of Entry in this Office, and find the Allowance to have been first made for 90 Years, from Lady Day 1661 to Lady Day 1751, to Henry Lord Hyde, pursuant to a Treasury Minute, dated 20th July 1751, directing Mr. Auditor Lowndes to make up his Lordship’s Account of IVhichwood Forest, by Way of Debit and Quietus, and to make out Debentures, &c.

The Payments from that Time to Michaelmas last have been made to the Duke of Marlborough', and the Circumstances relative to the First Payment to Lord Hyde are explained by the inclosed Papers, which I have the Honour to transmit for your Information.

I am, Gentlemen,

Your most obedient, and humble Servant,

In° Hosier, Dep. Audr.

Sir Charles Middleton, Bar', j n.

Sir John Call, Bar', 1 Commissioners

John Fordyce, Esqr,

per Annum:

I have carefully inspected and examined the Books of Inrolment, Rentals, and Accounts, of the several Receivers of his Majesty's Land Revenues in the County aforesaid, within my Office, but do not find any Inrolment of either of the said Grants, neither doth it appear to me that the said Rent ot sol. per Annum was ever given in Charge, or accounted for to the Crown, or that any Allowance hath been made to the said Earl or his Heirs, in respect to the several Fees and Wages of Four Pence, Six Pence, and Four Pence per Diem, as Ranger of IVhichwood Forest, in the County of Oxford.

I am humbly of Opinion, if your Lordship shall be pleased to direct the said Grants to be inrolled before the Auditor of the said County, the said Arrears on the Rent of sol. per Annum, reserved on the Grant to the said Earl of Clarendon, of Combury Park, may be given in Charge to the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Land Revenue, and accounted for to the Crown by Way of Debit and Quietus est; and the said Arrear on the Fees and Wages of Four Pence, Six Pence, and Four Pence per Diem, as Ranger of JVhich-xvood Forest, may be paid by Debenture on the Receiver

General of the Land Revenue for the said County; which is usual in Cases of the like Nature.

I have likewise searched the Books of Inrolment in the Privy Seal and Signet Office, where I find an Entry of the Bills to direct the said Grants to pass to the said Earl, as is set forth in the Memorial hereunto annexed.

All which is most humbly submitted.

W. Loundcs, Auditor.

16th July 1751.

The Enrolment of my Lord Hyde's Grant, in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office, to be produced to the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County of Oxford.

The Auditor to make up the Accompt by Way of Debit and Quietus est, and also to make out a Debenture upon the Receiver General of the Land Revenues for Oxford and Berks, for the Surplusage due to his Lordship upon the several and respective Fees or Wages of Four Pence, Six Pence, and Four Pence

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of p nd Launder of IVhichwood Forest, The a loaftr'c Tvoofinw, - after deducting the Rent of 20/. r>er Annum, reserved

Land Revenue.

His Majesty’s Treasury.

deducting the Rent of sol. per Annum, reserved to the Crown by the aforesaid Grant.

May it please your Lordships,

In humble Obedience to your Lordships Commands, Treasury Minute, 20th July 1751.

signified to me by James /Vest, Esquire, the 19th Instant, Mr And ism- t j> a

Hrnn) Lord Hyde, mentioning a Giant, made the t9th Quie,u, al, and make out Debenture

Vol. 47.

The

Tenth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

244 13° Februarii.

The Right honourable Henry Lord ,to His Majesty:

To a Rent of so/, p Annum, reserved and payable to his Majesty, issuing out of Cornbury Park, in the County of Oxford, in Arrear and unpaid for 90 Years; (viz') from Lady Day 1661 to Lady Day 1751, amounting to -

Against which

By Patent Fee, at Four Pence p Diem, for exercising the Office of Four Bailiffs in Whichwood Forest, in the County of - s. d.

ford, for 90 Years, ended at Lady Day 1751, which, at 6/. 1 s. Sd. p Annum, amounts to---.-- - 547 10 —

By Patent Fee, at Six Pence per Diem, for exercising the Office of Ranger of the said Forest, which, at gl. 2 6d. p Annum, for the same Time, amounts to ----- - - 821 5 —

And by Patent Fee, at Four Pence p Diem, for exercising the Office of Laundership in the said Forest, which, at 61. is. Sd. p Annum, for the same Time, amounts to - - - - 547 10 —

Taxes allowed from Lady Day 1689 to Lady Day 1751, as underneath ----- ----- igi--

And so the said Accomptant is in Surplusage the Sum of

A. 1792.

D'.

£. s. d. 1,800 -

2,107 5 —

£ $°75 —

After our hearty Commendations: Upon Consideration of the aforegoing Memorial, we do hereby authorize and direct you, his Majesty’s Auditor of the Land Revenues, to make out Debentures upon any Receiver or Receivers General within your Audit, for Payment of the Sum of Three hundred and Seven Pounds and Five Shillings, to the Right honourable Henry Lord Hyde, being the Surplus stated by you to be due to his Lordship, on the Foot of his Account ended at Lady Day 1751, as late Bailiff, Ranger, and Launder of Whiclmood Forest, in the County of Oxford, taking Care that the former Debentures made out by you for the same Sum on the Receiver General of Oxford and Berks be duly cancelled and made void, to the End his Majesty may not be liable to a double Payment of the said Surplus; and for so doing this shall be as well to you, as to such Receiver or Receivers General of his Majesty’s said Land Revenues, and to all others herein concerned, a sufficient Warrant. — Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 25th Day of January 1753.

H. Pelham.

G. Lyttleton.

J. Campbell.

To our very loving Friend, William Loundes,

Auditor of His Majesty’s Land Revenues within divers Counties in England.

Entered the 14th Day of March 1753.

N'6.

The Examination of Robert Pratt, acting for Solomon Gosse, Woodward of the Forest of Whichwood;taken on Oath the Twenty-third Day of November 1791.

This Examinant has for about Five or Six Years past acted for his Father-in-Law Solomon Gosse, who is now upwards of Eighty-three Years of Age, and has been about Twenty-six Years Woodward of the whole Forest of Whichwood, including both what belongs to

the Crown and the Freehold Property of the Duke of Marlborough. He was appointed by the Duke of Marlborough's Steward, and holds his Office during Pleasure. The Duty of it is to take Care that each of the Coppices be properly hedged in or inclosed immediately before the Underwood is to be cut; to pay the Labourers employed in making the Fences, and dividing the Underwood into Lots for Sale; to sell the same, and account to the Duke’s Steward for the Price; and to direct what Trees are to be felled for Gate Posts or Pales, for which Purposes about Six Trees on an Average Yearly, of about Twenty Feet Meetings, may be required, and a Load or Two of Ash Poles to repair Rails and Gates. It is his Duty also to as-

sist and direct the Keepers in protecting the Wood and Timber, and in bringing to Justice any Person guilty of any Trespass within the Forest; to attend to the State of the Fences of the Coppices, and to see that the Billman, who has a Salary of Eighteen Pounds a Year for keeping them in Repair, mends them when necessary. The Salary of the Woodward is Thirty Pounds per Annum. He has no Lodge or Land, nor any Fee or Perquisite whatever. He receives no Rents of any Kind, nor any Allowance or Payment for Cattle, Sheep, Horses, or Swine, admitted into the Forest. The Parishes or Places which have Right of Common send their Cows and Horses to Pasture in all the Open Parts of the Forest. He has heard and understands that they have no Right to send more from any Farm than can be supported on it through the Winter. The Cattle are marked, by Marksmen in each Parish or Place, before they are turned into the Forest. The Forest is driven commonly in June, and again in July, and when it is discovered that there are any Cattle belonging to Persons who have no Right of Common, they are impounded, and a Fine of about Half a Guinea for each Beast is levied; and if it is found that any Person has sent in more Cattle than his Farm can support in Winter, a Fine is levied of Three or Four Shillings for each Beast surcharged, and they are put out of the Forest. He understands that the Commoners have no Right of Pasture for their Oxen, but it has not been in the Power of the Forest Officers to prevent them from being sent into the Forest, though he is sensible that they do great Damage to the Woods and young Trees. Sheep are admitted into certain Parts of the Forest called Sheep Walks, the Limits of which are known to the Keepers, and the Sheep are impounded if they are found beyond those Bounds. The Places which have Sheep Walks belonging to them, within the Forest, are the Hamlets of Leafield and Langley, in Shipton Parish, and of Shorthampton, in Charlbury Parish, on the Waste Lands belonging to the Crown; Ascott Parish, on Waste Lands of the Duke of Marlborough; Astally and Szvinbrooke, on Lands belonging to Robert Fettiplace, Esquire; and the Parish of Full-brook and Pains Farm, in Teinton Parish, on Lands belonging to.....Morris, Esquire.

In Consequence of Directions, about a Fortnight since, from the Family who occupy the Ranger’s Lodge, to cut Twenty Pounds worth of Fuel for the Use of that Lodge, and sufficient besides to pay the Expence of cutting, he has this Year directed from Twenty to Twenty-two Cords of Wood to be cut from Pollard Thorns and Maples for that Purpose. The same Family have occupied that Lodge for about Twenty Years past, and have always ordered what Wood they thought fit to be cut for the Use of the

Lodge,

32 Geo. III. 13° Februani.245

Lodge, but without any Application to the Wood- Years past, i9 Mr. James Lanchbury; who is paid for Tenth Report ward concerning it until this Year. The old Bushes it by the Woodward, at the Rate of 2$. per Day; Land*Revenuef

or Pollards are cut in the Open Parts of that Walk, but previous to the cutting the Underwood into t y

and no great Quantity is now remaining the re. If Braids, it is customary to set off a Border of Twenty-any young Shoots should spring from their Roots, he four Yards in Breadth within the Fence, quite round is of Opinion they would give more Protection to the Coppice, which is called the Hedge Acre, from young Trees than the Pollards did, but the Deer and which the Wood is cut for making the Hedge, and

Cattle going always in the Open Parts of the Forest, the Remainder is sold for paying the Expence of

prevent many of them from springing up. He has fencing and dividing the Coppice in the Manner be-no Charge of Timber for Sale, or for Repairs of fore described. In the Coppices adjoining to the Lodges, except that One, Two, or Three Trees are Stone Wall built on the Outer Bounds of the Forest, cut Annually for repairing the Rails near the Ranger’s a Border of Underwood, of Twenty-four Yards in Lodge, without Warrant, which are felled under his Breadth, called The Wall Acre, is set out next to the Direction when required. Wall, and allowed to the Owner of the adjoining

Some of the Inhabitants of the neighbouring VII- Land, on every Cutting of the Coppice, for keeping lages come frequently into the Forest by Night, and that Wall constantly in Repair; and in a few Places, cut Bushes and lop Trees, which he has not been able where the Outer Fence of the Forest is a Hedge, the to prevent, and they often pull down the Fences of the same practice prevails. The Custom is the same in Coppices, by which Means the Deer and Cattle get the Coppices, which are the Duke of s

into them. Freehold Property, as in those which belong to the

The People of Burford claim a Right to have rotten Crown, and he believes that Practice to be very antient.

Wood from the Forest, which they chiefly take from The Expence of repairing the Wall in those Parts the Woods belonging to the Duke of Marlborough and which adjoin to the Open Forest Land is paid by the Mr. Fettiplace, but sometimes also from the chearest of Duke of Marlborough.

the King’s Woods. They claim also, and are allowed, Several Persons have been lately detected by this a Brace of Bucks every Year. Examinant and the Keepers in committing Depreda-

The Underwood of the Coppices is cut at Eigh- tions on the Wood and Timber, and convicted before teen Years Growth; and when a Coppice is to be cut, a Magistrate, and small Fines laid on them. Some it is first inclosed with a strong Hedge and Ditch, at have been imprisoned for Deer Stealing, and One the Expence of the Duke of Marlborough, which costs lately for not paying the Fine imposed on him for Fourteen or Fifteen Pence per Pole of Eighteen Feet stealing Timber.

for the hedging and ditching. The Coppice is then This Examinant remembers that about Nineteen divided into Braids, by cutting parallel Lines, called Years ago there was a great Fall of Timber, Part of Washes, through the Underwood, each Braid mea- which was used for repairing the Ranger’s Lodge, and suring Twenty-four Yards in Length, by Six Yards fencing the Lawn adjoining, and the rest sold in the in Breadth, Forty of which Braids make an Acre of Forest for paying that Expence. The Trees were in Wood Measure. The Wood is not sold by Auction, general of great Size, and of fit Age for felling, but is valued by a Person employed for the Duke of being at their full Grow'th; but some were thriving,

Marlborough, according to the Goodness of the Un- and might have improved by standing longer, derwood, from Four Pence to Four Shillings and

Six Pence per Braid, and is sold according to that Va- Robert Pratt.

uation. The Person who has valued it for many

N° 7.

The EXAMINATIONS of

Thomas Gray Thomas Morris -William Eeles Joseph Prattley -

QJ

CL

<D

<L>

'The Rangers Walk. Rogers Hill Walk. Patch Hill Walk.

Potters Hill Walk.

Vol. 47-

R

N° 7. — Examinations of Keepers of Walks.

The Examination of TAameu Gray, Keeper of the Ranger’s Walk; sworn 23d November 1791.

Walks.

That he is Keeper of the Ranger’s Walk, in the Forest of Whickzeood, which includes the Ranger’s Lodge and Lawn, Crane hill Coppice, Cop-

pice, Evenden Coppice, Part of Lank-ridge Coppice, called Great and Part of Buckleap Coppice, as far as

the Water running through it, and a Piece of about 8 or 10 Acres, called The Ranger sHill, in Hill Cop-

pice, near Sore's Leap, Walcot Quarter, Threepenny Coppice or The Rags, I Chit-ncylVay, and Nezchill Plain; also, Two Coppices belonging to the Duke of Marlborough, called Knighton Coppice and Shocks Coppice: All in the Hamlets of Chilson and Shorthampton, in the Parish of Charlbury.

The Examination of Thomas Morris, Keeper of Roger Hill Walk; sworn 23d November 1791.

That he is Keeper of Rogers Hill Walk, in the Forest of Whie in which comprises Roger's Hill Lodge, Smallstones Coppice, Cockshot Hill Coppice (except a Piece of about 10 A. called Rangers Hill, near Sore's Leap, which is in the Ranger's Walk) Part of Lankridge Coppice called Little Lankridge, Slatt Pitts Coppice, and King's Wood Coppice, and the several Parcels of Open Forest, called Fern Hill, Whitley King's Standing, Mill Corner, Fern Platts, ChurchhillCoppice, Little Bun-

stock, and Hall's Hill, all within the Parish of Ascott Doyley, except about Four or 5 Acres at the South East Corner of Smallstones Coppice, which is in the Hamlet of Chilson, in the Parish of Charlbury, all which Lands belong to the Crown: Resides which, the said Walk comprises Two Coppices in the said Parish of Ascott, culled Boyna/l and Priestgrtree Coppices, and a Piece of Open Ground called Woefidd Green, belonging to the Duke of Marlborough.

D O O

The Examination of William Eeles, Keeper of Patch Hill Walk;sworn 23d November 1791.

That he is Keeper of Patch Hill Walk, in the Forest of Whickzeood, which comprises Five Oaks Coppice, Part of Buckleap Coppice down to the Water Course by the Dog Kennel, and the Open Forest called Patch Keeper's Heath Plotts, Hank's Nest, Boseley Ridings, Fern Plotts Cross, Maple Hill, and The Old Foxholes, be-

longing to the Crown, the Whole of which Lands are extra-parochial, except a Piece of about 20 Acres, lying between Gospel Oak and Hatching Quarry, which is in the Hamlet of Le in the Parish of Shiplon; also Three Coppices, called Studley Coppice, in the Hamlet of Ley-field, and Eascrvell and Rowburrmes Coppices, in the Hamlet of Ramsden, in the same Parish, belonging to his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, and a Common called Finsloek which is

claimed as belonging to the Hamlet of Finsloek, in Charlbury Parish'. And there is a Common adjoining to his Walk, called Ramsden Heath, on which the Deer and Commonable Cattle of the Forest have Liberty to feed, and the Cattle of RamsdenHamlet are allowed

to depasture in the Forest.

The Examination of Joseph Prattley, Keeper of Potter's Hill Walk', sworn 23d November 1791.

That he is Keeper of Potter's Hill Walk, in the Forest of Whichzvood, which comprises Potter's Hill,

Shakenhoff Coppice, Pollard Coppice, Gad-ley Coppice, and the several Parcels of Open Forest called Potter's Hill,

Green, Bunstock, The Ridings, The March, Grugg Hill and Fair Spear Bottom, Hazle Hill, Hatching Hill, and Langley Scrubbs, all in the Hamlet of Leaf eld and Parish of Shipion, and belonging to the Crown; besides which, the said Walk contains One Coppice, called Lowburrow Coppice, and Part of an Open Space called Loxeburrmv Bottom, both in the Parish of Astall, and belonging to the Duke Marlborough.

o

o

o

00

FT

4 *« t V

246 13° Februarii. A. 1792.

o

r*

5 Duty.

Appointment.

Salary.

Fees and Perquisites.

g

CQ

n'

CD

CL

CT

CD

That his Duty is to take Care of the Deer and Woods, and to prevent, as far as he is able, any Trespass, within his Walk.

That he was appointed, about 26 \ ears ago, by his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, during his Pleasure.

That his Salary isTen Pounds a Year, paid by his Grace.

That his Fees or Perquisites are a Brace of Fee Bucks, and a Brace of Fee Does, Yearly, which he sells for about Six Pounds or Six Guineas a Brace; an equal Share with the other Keepers of the Profits of the Skins, Shoulders, and Offals of Deer killed in the Forest, and of the Fees paid for Venison, which are a Guinea for each Buck, and Half a Guinea for each Doe killed by Warrant, and such Fees or Gratuities for Venison sent as Presents by the Duke of Marlborough as the Parties chuse to give; but out of the Fees for Venison sent to the King’s Larder, the Keepers pay the Carriage to London, which is Ten Shillings for a Buck, and Five Five Shillings for a Doe, and One Shilling for the Porterage.

That his Duty is to take Care of the Deer and Woods within his Walk.

That he was appointed by the Duke of Marlborough, during Pleasure, about 7 Years ago; but was for 14 or 15 Years Under Keeper to Kis Father, who had been in the same Walk as Keeper and Under Keeper about Co Years.

That his Salary is Sixteen Pounds a Year, paid by his Grace.

That his Perquisites are a Fee Buck and a Fee Doe Yearly, which he sells for about 61. 13 s. 6 d. and an equal Share of the Profits of the Skins and Offals of Deer, and of the Fees for Venison killed in the Forest.

03

That his Duty is to take Care of the Deer and Woods, and prevent, as far as lie is able, any Trespass within his Walk.

That he was appointed, about 25 Years ago, by the Duke of Marlborough, during his Pleasure.

That his Duty is to take Care of the Deer and Woods within his Walk, and prevent any Trespasses thereon, to the utmost of his Power.

That he was appointed, about Years ago, by the Duke of Marlborough, to succeed his Father, who had been Keeper of the same Walk about 14 Years.

That his Salary is Ten Pounds a Year, paid by his Grace.

That his Perquisites are a Fee Buck and Fee Doe, which he sells for about Six Guineas Yearly; the Fees for Two Brace of Bucks served for the Bishop of Winchester, with the Offals, &c. worth

together about Six Pounds; and an equal Share with the other Keepers of the Profits of the Skins, Shoulders, and Offals of the rest of the Deer killed in the Forest, and of the Fees paid for the Venison, which are a Guinea for each Buck, and Half a Guinea for each Doe, killed by Warrant, and such Fees or Gratuities for Venison sent in Presents by the Duke of Marlborough as the Parties chuse to give; but out of the Fees for Venison sent to the King’s Larder, the Keepers pay the Carriage to London, which is Ten Shillings for a Buck, and Five Shillings for a Doe.

That his Salary is Eleven Pounds a Year, paid by his Grace.

That his Perquisites are a Fee Buck and a Fee Doe Yearly, which he sells for about Six Guineas; and an equal Share with the other Keepers of the Profits of the Skins and Offals of Deer killed in the Forest, and of the Fees paid for the Venison.

o Geo. III. 13° Februarii.

7> — Examination of Keepers of

Thomas Gray.

Thomas Morris.

Lodge and Land.

That he lives in a House called Watermans Lodge, in Knighton Coppice, belonging to the Duke of Marlborough, and repaired at his Expence; and there is a Piece of Meadow Land belonging to the Crown in King’s Meadow, in Shorthampton Parish, containing about Eleven or Twelve Acres, of which this Examinant has the Hay for feeding the Deer in Winter, and his own Cattle; and the Farmers in Shorthampton have the Lattermath; which Land in some Years produces 8, g, or 10 Loads of Hay, besides the Tythe, but is Overflowed in wet Seasons, and then the Hay is worth very little. The former Keepers of this Walk occupied a Field called containing about 24 Acres, which this Examinant held for about Four Years after his Appointment, when it was taken from him, and has ever since been held by Admiral Pigott, who lives in the Ranger’s Lodge, and who promised to allow him something handsome in lieu of it, and paid him Eight Guineas a Year until about Four Years ago, since which Time he has not received any Thing for it. There is another Field adjoining to Laycroft, containing about 7 or 8 Acres, which was Part of Crane-hill Coppice, and was grubbed and turned into Tillage about 3 or Years after Admiral Piggott came to live at the Ranger’s Lodge.

That he lives in Roger Hill Lodge, situated on the King’s Land, adjoining to which he has a Garden, and about d. Acres of Land, on which he keeps a Cow and a Horse, and sometimes cuts a little Hay. He has also a small Meadow of about Acres, near Ascot of which he, as Keeper, takes the Crop of Hay, great Part of which is given to the Deer. The Soil is rather poor, and the Land is Commonable to the Parish of Ascot after Midsummer; he pays all Taxes for it, and the Tythe is taken in Kind; and he and his Father have always paid Two Shillings of Quit Rent Yearly to the Duke of Marlborough for the Lodge.

" hit* c-_

AY . i,\'"

' I M

'V. YVfilj* us they art.- c„,

r £ h

d ' Q

W alks — continued. Report > Board of Revenue. /

William Eeles. Joseph Pr

That he lives in a Lodge called Brize's Lodge, belonging to the Duke of Marlborough, situated between the said Three Coppices called Studley, Easezcell, and Rcavburrows, and rebuilt at his Grace’s Expence about Twelve Years ago; and there is about an Acre and Three Quarters of Meadow belonging to the Crown, in a Close near the Mill in Shipton, of which he, as Keeper, takes the Crop of Hay and the Tythe for it, and the Miller the After Pasture. / That he lives in Potter's Hill Lodge, and has Two small Paddocks adjoining to it, in which he keeps a Cow and a Horse. He has also about Acres of Meadow Land in the Parish of , of which he takes the Crop of Hay, and it is Commonable from Lammas Day to the Parish of Shipton. The Tythe is taken in Kind; but he pays no Taxes; and the Hay is for the Use of the Deer.

248 13° 4. 1792.

Deer.

c

He believes there may be from 200 to 300 Head of Fallow Deer usually within his Walk, as nearly as he can estimate. There were some Years since, Red Deer within the Forest, but none are now remaining: the last were killed about 9 or 10 Years ago. The Numbers killed Yearly, and for whose. Use, are specified in a List hereto annexed.

No Hay is provided for the Deer, besides what is gathered from the Meadow Land before mentioned.

He cannot say what Number of Deer are within his Walk, as they are constantly ranging from One Walk to another; and though more are bred in his Walk than in any other in the Forest, the greatest Part leave it very soon, on account of the Poorness of the Soil. He refers to the Keeper of the Ranger’s Walk for an Account of the Numbers killed Yearly, and for whose Use.

Parishes having Right of Common.

The Parishes, Hamlets, or Estates, which have Right of Common within the Forest, are mentioned in a List signed by him and other Keepers of the said Forest, at the Time of their Examination.

Cattle.

C/5

The Cattle turned into the Forest are Horses and Cows. No Sheep are admitted, excepting in Places where there are Sheep Walks by antient Custom. There is One Sheep Walk belonging to the Parish of Shorthampton, upon

Quarter, within this Walk. He believes that no Person has any Right to put Hogs into the Forest, and it has been usual, when any have been found trespassing in the Forest, to impound them. The Commoners turn in their Cattle in the Spring, and take them out in the Winter, sooner or later, according to the Season. Very few remain in during the Winter, lie never received any Orders respecting the Time of turning in or taking out the Cattle, nor as to the clearing the Forest during the Fence Month, or Time of Winter Haining.

The Practice is the same in his Walk as in the other Parts of the Forest, with respect to the Rights of Common, j the Times of turning in and taking out the Cattle, and of driving the Forest. There is no Sheep Common within the King’s Land in his W’alk, and none are admitted to depasture there; and he gives no Allowance to any Person to send Swine into his W’alk, and sometimes impounds them when they are found in it. Formerly Oxen were not allowed to depasture in the Forest, but about twelve Years ago, Mr. of

Minster, sent some into it, and has continued the Practice ever since, and the Example has been followed by others, to the great Injury of the young 'frees and young Deer, nor can the Keepers prevent this from being continued, unless supported by Government, or the Duke of Marlborough, in resisting it.

He cannot say how many Deer there are within his Walk, as they are constantly ranging from one Walk to another, but believes there may be about One thousand Head of Fallow Deer in the whole Forest. For the Number killed he refers to the Keeper of the Ranger’s Walk, to whom the Warrants and Orders are sent.

No Hay is provided for the Deer in this Walk. The small Quantity got from the Piece of Meadow Land before mentioned is not sufficient for his Horse, and he is obliged to buy more.

The like Answer as Thomas Gray.

No Sheep are admitted, excepting in Places where there are Sheep Walks by antient Custom. There is one belonging to Leafield Town, in the Parish of Ship ton, upon Part of Cross Maple Hilly and a narrow Stripe of Bose/ey Ridings, and running into the next Walk as far as the Pounds of Shipton Parish extend into the Forest. He has often pounded Swine, when he has found them doing Mischief in the . Forest. The Cattle are turned in in I the Spring, and taken out in the Winter, sooner or later, according to the Season; very few, if any, remain in the Forest during the Winter. He never received any Orders as to the Time of taking in or taking out the Cattle nor as to the clearing the Forest during the Fence Month, or Time of Winter j Haining.

t

He cannot say how many Deer there CjQ are within his Walk, but, according to fc© a Computation lately made by all the Keepers, he believes there may be about r* One thousand Head in the whole Forest.

The Keeper of the Rangers Walk, to whom the Warrants are sent, can give the best Account of the Number killed Yearly, and for whose Use.

No Sheep are admitted into his Walk, except in the Places where there are Sheep Walks by antient Custom, the Limits of which are marked by Crosses cut in the Ground, and when the Sheep stray beyond those Limits, he impounds them. One of those Marks is in a Place called The March, near Grug Hilly one in Hazle Hill, and another at the Top of Hatching Hill, which are the Bounds of a Sheep Walk for Leafield Hamlet, in the Parish of Shipton; and there is another Sheep Wralk for Langley Hamlet, in the same Parish, situate between Pollard's Coppice and Shakenhoff ] marked also with Crosses which are now almost grown up, and are in danger of being altogether lost. He has heard from his Father, and others, that Oxen ought not to be admitted into the Forest, and that they were not allowed to be turned in until within these 5 Years past, w hen Mr. Nutt and others sent theirs; and the Practice is now becoming general, and is very hurtful to the young Timber.

60

N° 7. — Examinations of Keepers of Walks — continued.

No Payments for Pasturage.

Thomat Gray.

Thomas Morris

No Payments are made for Pasturage in the Forest, by any Persons having Right of Common, to this Examinant, nor to any other Person, that he has eves heard of.

Forest Drills.

The Forest is driven commonly 3 or Times in the Year, first about the Beginning of the Fence Month, and afterwards at the distance of abont a Month from each Driving. The Times are fixed by the Marksmen of the different Parishes, &c. who are assisted in driving by the Keepers; and when any Cattle are found belonging to Persons not having Right of Common they are impounded, and a small Fine set on the Owners, at the Discretion of the Marksmen, which is commonly expended among the Persons who assist in the Driving.

Browse.

Trespasses.

This Examinant cuts Browse Wood for the Deer in Winter, chiefly of Thorn, Maple, Ash, Holly, and Ivy, in the open Parts within his Walk; and after it has been browsed by the Deer he makes use of it for Fuel, and if not sufficient for that Use, he cuts more at his Discretion, but sells none. And there have been from 40 to 50 Cords Yearly cut for the Use of Admiral Pigoit, at the Ranger’s Lodge, until this Year, when the Woodward was directed to set out about 22 Cords, as this Examinant has been informed.

The poor Inhabitants of the Villages round the Forest commit frequent Trespasses in it, by Deer-stealing, lopping Trees, and cutting Bushes, and some-

This Examinant cuts Browse for the Deer in Winter, from Thorn, Maple, Holly, and Ivy, in the open Places within his Walk, and afterwards takes it for Fuel, and if not sufficient for his Use he cuts more, but does not sell any.

The poor People round the Forest do great Mischief, by lopping Trees, cutting Bushes, and destroying the Cover, by which Means young Trees are

William Eele*.

Joseph Prattley.

He never heard of any Payments being made for Pasturage in the Forest, by any Persons having Right of Common.

The Forest is driven 3 or Times; in the Year by the Marksmen of the different Places, assisted by the Keepers; and when any Cattle are found belonging to Persons not having a Right of Common they are impounded, and a small Fine set on the Owners, at the Discretion of the Marksmen, which is commonly spent among the Persons who assist in driving.

The Forest is driven Twice or Thrice in the Year, about June, July, and August; and when any Cattle are found belonging to Persons who have no ' Right of Common, they are impounded, and a Fine is charged on the Owners.

This Examinant cuts Browse Wood for the Deer in Winter, chiefly of Thom, Maple, Ash, Holly, and Ivy, in the open Parts within his Walk, and after it has been browsed he takes it for Fuel, and if not sufficient for that Use he cuts more, at his Discretion, but does not sell any.

This Examinant cuts Browse Wood for the Deer in Winter, from Thorn, Maple, Ash, and Ivy, in the open Parts within his Walk, and afterwards uses it for Fuel, and if not sufficient he cuts more, but only a very small Quantity, and sells none.

v Joseph Prattley.

The Cottagers and poor People round the Forest do great Mischief, by Deer-stealing, lopping Trees, cutting Bushes, and sometimes Thom, Maple,

8

13° Febru

\ \'vties, \

... - ... vi'Hl \

„,v.\ cuilWft '

2r, uy w*‘

jr""*

g

(Q

i — H

isj‘

CD

Q_

cr

o

c

p

4

Timber.

times cutting down Thorn, Maple, and Hazle Trees. There are now 3 or Men in jail at Oxford for Deer-stealing in this Forest, and several have been convicted and fined by the neighbouring Magistrates for Wood-stealing and Other Offences. The Cover is so much destroyed in the Open Parts of the Forest, within the Ranger’s Walk, that there is now hardly any remaining, either to nurse np youngTrees, or supply Browse for the Deer, or Wood for Fuel.

prevented from growing up in the Open j and Hazle Trees, by which the Cover Parts of the Forest; but there are few is much destroyed, and young Timber Oak Trees lopped in his Walk. prevented from getting up in the Open

Parts of the Forest. When the Keepers detect Wood-stealers, they take them before a Magistrate, who fines thorn according to the Offence; and sometimes Offenders have been committed to Bridewell for Non-payment of the Fines.

He has heard his Father say, that near Fourscore Years ago almost the Whole of the great Timber, and tire greatest Part of the Thorn and Maple Pollards in the Forest, were Cut down; but that great Numbers of young Oaks grew up afterwards, being nursed up by the Bushes and Brambles which grew round the Roots of the Pollards which had been cut down.

The Inhabitants of Finstock take every Year, on Holy , Two or

Three small Oak Trees out of the Forest, which they claim by Custom as a Matter of Right, for erecting a Bower for their Feast, and have done so beyond the Memory of any Person now living. They take them in -any Part of the Open Forest belonging to the Crown, or in any of the Coppices not in Hedge.

JVm Eeks.

The ‘Coppices are inclosed Eight Years after each Cutting Of the TJ nder-wood, which is cut at Eighteen Years Growth. There is a Person called the Bill Man, employed by the Duke of -J Marlborough to keep up the Fences of the Coppices; blit the Deer very often get into them during that Time.

Gray.

That the young Oaks in the Coppices were frequently cut down when Mr. Chandler was Woodward, who died about 2G Years ago, with the View of increasing the Underwood; which is the Reason that there is much more Timber now in the Open Parts of the Forest than in the Coppices. That there was a great Fall also made about Twenty Years ago, when the Rails round the Ranger’s Lodge were made, and the Lodge repaired; but that within these few Years much more Care has been taken, in Consequence of Directions from Mr. Brookes, the Duke of Marlborough's Steward, who is anxious to preserve the young Saplings; and he thinks if Parts of the Open Forest Land should now be inclosed, and the old Pollards cut down, they would very soon be filled with young Oaks.

Thomas Morris.

CO

to

O

w

o

<2

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Tenth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

N* 8.

A LIST of Warrants for Bucks and Does Annually served in the Forest of JVhichwood.

1

His Grace the Duke of Marlborough’s Warrants

The Cofferer’s Warrants -

His Majesty’s Larder Warrants -

The Chief Justice in Eyre’s Warrants

The Verderors....

COMPOSITION WARRANTS.

The Bishop of Winchester’s Warrant Mr. Fettyplace's Warrant

Mr. Mason's Warrant -

Mr. Cook's Warrant -

Mr. Wood's Warrant

The Burford Warrants -

Admiral Pigott's Warrant.

The Keeper’s Fee f G,'f? '

Backs and Does 1 rh* other , Four Keepers,! _ ( One each - - J

The Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods -

BUCKS.

- Eleven Brace and a Half

- Three Brace

- Three Brace

- One Brace and a Half

- One Brace

- Two Brace

- One Brace and a Half

- One Buck

- One Brace

- One Buck

- One Brace

- One Buck

- One Brace

- Four Bucks

- One Buck

DOES.

Six Brace and a Half Three Brace Three Brace

One Brace.

None

One Brace and a Half One Doe One Brace One Doe

None One Doe One Brace

Four Does

One Doe

Tho' Gray,

Keeper of the Ranger’s Walk.

N° 9.

The Examination of James Smith, Bill Man to his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, in the Forest of JVhichwood; taken on Oath, the Twenty-third Day of November 1791.

This Examinant is now upwards of Sixty-five Years of Age, was born at Leajidd, adjoining to the Forest of Whichwood, and has worked in it the greater

Part of his Life Time. He well knows the said Forest, and particularly South Lawn of which

Matthew Siford is Keeper; which Walk comprises South Lawn Lodge, and Rails adjoining, Nottage Coppice, Hazckes Coppice, Broad Quarter Coppice, stage Coppice, J Vast age Coppice, and the several Parcels of Open Forest Land, called South IVasiage

Green, Round Hill, South Lawn Pollards, and Ridings, all belonging to the (Town; which said Lodge, and a narrow Slip of Land running from Shipton Gate through the Paddock and Rick Yard belonging to the Lodge, including the Barn, but excluding the Stable, and from thence running close by the House down to the Spring within the Rails, including that Spring, and from thence to an Ash Tree, marked with a Cross, near Bushes, are

within the Parish of Tainton, and all the rest of the said Lands are extra-parochial. The said Walk also comprises Farrington Coppice and Farrington Plain, with Part of Shipton Riding, Small Oak Coppice, some open Ground called Five J Veils, Coppice,

Friar's Bottom, Notouk's Coppice, and West Grove Coppice, all belonging to the Duke of Marlborough; Cap's Lodge Plain, Hanley Plain, Fosgrove Coppice, JVcdley Coppice, Tredhill Bushes, Coppice,

and Leyhill Plain, all belonging to Robert Fettyplace, Esquire; Stockley Coppice, late belonging to the Reverend Doctor Vansittart and Mrs. Mason, both deceased; and Punters Corner, Punters Hill, late belonging to Mr. Slater and Councellor Lane-, and Limekiln Plain, belonging to.....Morris, Esquire;

all which Lands last mentioned lie within the Parishes of Tainton and Fulbrook.

He wa3 appointed Bill Man of the Forest about Twenty-five Years ago. The Duty of his Office is

to take Care of the Fences round the Coppices, during the Time they should remain inclosed (being Eight Years after each Cutting) and to repair them when they require it. His Salary is Eighteen Pounds a Year, and no other Emolument, as Billman. He is sometimes employed by the Duke of Marlborough's Steward to do other Work in the Forest, and is paid for it over and above that Salary.

His Father was Deputy Surveyor while Mr. Whit-wurth was Surveyor General of the Woods. During the Time his Father held that Office there was an Annual Fall of Great Timber, which was all sold in the Forest. He remembers that the Trees were generally of great Size, and very fresh Timber, and fit for any Purpose. The Saplings were then marked with Paint, and taken Care of The Part of the Forest called Hawk's Nest was planted by his Father; and he has heard him say, that no Swine were at that Time admitted into the Forest, nor any Oxen. After his Father’s Death the Custom of marking the Saplings was left off, and many of the Young Trees in the Coppices were cut with the Underwood. He has also heard his Father say, that formerly the Forest Courts were held regularly, in a House which stood where Five Oaks Pound now stands.

The Mark of

James Smith.

N* 10.

Extracts from the Reports of the Surveyors General of the Crown Lands to the Lords of the Treasury, on the several Renewals of the Lease of the Coppices in Whichwood Forest, from 1709 to 1762.

May it please your Lordships,

I have considered the annexed Memorial of the Right honourable the Earl of Rochester, and do find, as ’tis therein alledged, that King Charles the Second did, the 28th of January, in the 13th Year of his Reign, grant certain Coppices and other Things in Whichwood Forest, Com therein particularly

mentioned, to Edward then Earl of Clarendon, for his Three Sons lives, under a Rent of Forty Pounds

k per

1

1

G

of

1 Hi

ia I

Bor;

<k

£(ii

1

i>)i

s'te le:, i \\ *,

iia;

(4;,

t*‘ii of d

Hi

et

£H

‘H

Hoi %: b.

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii. 253

per Annum;and that this noble Petitioner does now

only survive on that Grant Sir Charles Harbord, on passing the abovesaid Grant, rated the Premisses at One hundred and Forty Pounds a Year, including the Rentj and I, having no Survey of the same in my Office, cannot, without making an actual one, give your Lordship a better Account of the present Value thereof. It being now desired to add Two new Lives on, after the Petitioner’s, I think, according to the aforesaid Value, such Estate may reasonably be granted for a Fine of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, reserving the old Rent of Forty Pounds a Year.

and Charles Spencer, Esquire, Two of his Sons, and Tenth Report the longest Liver of them, for . Fine of 331L to

be now paid, reserving to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the aforesaid Rent of Forty Pounds per Annum. And with like Covenants, Clauses, Reservations, Provisoes, and Exceptions as were contained in the former and now subsisting Leases; which will be agreeable to the Civil List Act.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships great Wisdom.

R. Herbert, Surv' Gen1. Febr2i, 1752.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordship’s great Wisdom.

S. Travers,

9th January 1709. Supervisor Gen’.

May it please your Lordships,

I have considered the annexed Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Rochester, and find that by Letters Patent, dated 10th April last, certain Coppices and other Things in Forest were

£ tinted for Ninety-nine Years, determinable on the ives of this Petitioner, and Henry Visco' Hyde, his Son, in Reversion of the late Earl, the Petitioner’s Father, who then had his Life thereon.

Several Leases have been passed of the Premisses, after the Rate of One hundred Pounds a Year above the reserved Rent of Forty Pounds per Annum to her Majesty; and the late Surveyor valued the Addition of Two Lives as above at Three hundred and Fifty Pounds Fine; and I, having no better Account of the present Value of the Premisses than is above mentioned, am humbly of Opinion the Addition of a Third Life now as desired, after Two such as are in being, may reasonably be granted for a Fine of One hundred Pounds.

Humbly submitting the same to your Lordships great Wisdom.

J. Manley,

20th Aug. 1711. Supervisor Gen1.

May it please your Lordships,

I have considered the annexed Memorial of his Grace Charles Duke of Marlborough, praying your Lordships to grant to the Right Honourable the Earl of Godolphin and William Lord his Trustees,

a new Lease of certain Coppices in,

in the County of Oxford, for the Lives of the Memorialist, and of the Marquis of Bland ford and of Charles Spencer, Esquire, Two of his Sons, on Surrender of his present Leases of the said Premisses.

AC. K. p.

The Premisses consist of about 1,649. 2- 10- of Coppice or Wood Grounds, fenced in from the rest of the Forest for the First Seven Years after they are fallen, and afterwards thrown open as Common till the Woods are of 18 Years Growth, at which Age they are usually cut; and, after making a reasonable Deduction of Ground for fencing in the whole 18 Coppices, I apprehend the Quantity of Lands will be about 1,467 Acres; and considering the Charge of diy-fencing for the First Seven Years, and the Right of Pasturage both for the King’s Deer and for the Country for the rest of the Time, I humbly apprehend the Premisses cannot be valued at more (Commbz Annis)than 256/. 14$. 6d.per Annum; which is the best Account I can at present give your Lordships of the Premisses, and of their Annual Value.

And I am humbly of Opinion a new Lease of the said Coppices may be granted to the said Francis Earl of Godolphin and William Lord Sundon (on Surrender of the Two subsisting Leases) for and during the Lives of the Memorialist, the Marquis of Bland ford,

Vol. 47.

May it please your Lordships,

I have considered the annexed Memorial of his Grace George Duke of Marlborough, praying your Lordships to grant him a new Lease of certain Coppices and Wood Grounds in Whichwood Forest in the County of Oxford, for the Life of such Person as he shall nominate, instead of the late Charles Duke of Marlborough, deceased.

A. R. p.

The Premisses consist of about 1,649.3- ,0- Land, which, after deducting for Wastes and Highways, is reduced to about 1,467 Acres of Coppice, fenced in for the first Seven Years after they are fallen, and afterwards thrown open to the Country as well as to the King’s Deer in the Forest, till the Woods are of Eighteen Years Growth: and, according to the best Information I could get, on the last Renewal they were worth about 3 s.6d. per Acre per Annum, which comes to 256/. 14 s.6d. per Annum: Out of which is to be deducted the King’s Rent of 40/. per Annum; also the Fees and Wages of the Verderors and Keepers of the Forest, amounting to 42 /. 11 J. 8 d. per Annum, besides an Allowance of 20/. in lieu of Firewood. And I am of Opinion a new Lease of the Premisses may be granted to the Memorialist and his Heirs, for the Life of the Honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, youngest brother of the Memorialist (being named by him for that Purpose) for a Fine of 250/. to be now paid, reserving the aforesaid Rent of 40 /. per Annum, and the other usual Payments and Allowances to the Officers of the Forest, from which the Crown is to be indemnified. All which will be agreeable to the Civil List Act.

And is humbly submitted to your Lordships Wisdom.

R. Herbert, Surv' Gen1.

Oct' nth 1762.

The foregoing Extracts agree with the Entries in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, having been examined.

WHarrison, Acting Surveyor General.

N'n.

Lease of the Coppices in Forest to

George Duke of Marlborough; dated 10th December 1762.

George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth; To all to whom these Our Letters Patent shall come. Greeting. Know ye that We, as w ell for and in Consideration of a Fine of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, by Our dearly beloved Cousin and Ceuncel-lor George Duke of Marlborough, before the Sealing of these Presents paid to Our Use into the Receipt of Our Exchequer at Westminster, by a Tally thereof levied the Eighth Day of this Instant December, as

3T and

354 13° Fe A. 1792,

Tenth Report and in Consideration of the Yearly Rent herein after Letters Patent of Our late most dear Grandfather.King ^nd*Revenue^ reservec*, and of the Covenants, Conditions, and George the Second, under the Seal of hi* Court of

v____* c'/ Agreements herein contained, and also by and with Exchequer, bearing Date at Westminster, the Sixth

the Advice of Our Right Trusty and Right well- Day of in the Twenty-fifth Year of his Reignf beloved Cousin and Councellor John Earl of Bute, were demised to the Right honourable Francis Earl Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, First surviving acting Executor of the Most Noble

Commissioner of Our Treasury of Great Britain; and heretofore Duke of Marlborough, deceased, to

of Our Right Trusty and well-beloved Councellor hold (except as therein and hereinbefore is excepted)

Sir Francis Daslnvood, Baronet (Chancellor and Under to him, his Heirs and Assigns, from the Date of the

Treasurer of Our Exchequer); Frederick North, said recited Letters Patent, for and during the natu- Esquire, commonly called Lord North; James Os- ral Lives of the Most Noble Charles late Duke of xcald, Esquire; and Sir John Turner, Baronet, Com- Marlborough, deceased, and the said George Duke of missioners of Our said Treasury; have demised, Marlborough, Party hereto (then George,

granted, and to Farm letten, and by these Presents, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of and for Ourself, Our Heirs and Successors, do demise, Charles Spencer, Esquire, Sons of the said Charles grant, and to Farm let, unto the said George Duke of Duke of Marlborough, and the Life of the longest Marlborough, all that Coppice of Wood, Underwood, Liver of them, In Trust nevertheless, and for the and Woodland, called or known by the Name of several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, mentioned and Shakenhoff Coppice, containing, by Estimation, Twenty- declared in and by the last Will and Testament of the two Acres: And all those Two Coppices of Wood, said John, late Duke of Marlborough, at the Yearly Underwood, and Woodland, called or known by the Rent of Forty Pounds, payable as therein mentioned, Name of HaulcesCoppice, and Broad Quarter Coppice, and the Covenants and Provisoes therein contained, containing, by Estimation, One hundred and Four To have, hold, and enjoy all and singular the afore-Acres and Three Roods: And all that Coppice of said several Coppices, Woods, Underwoods, and Wood-Wood, Underwood and Woodland, called or known lands, and all and singular other the Premisses, above-by the Name of Ron stead Coppice, containing, by mentioned to be demised and granted, with their and

Estimation, Twenty-six Acres and an Half: And all every of their Appurtenances (except as herein-that Coppice of Wood, Underwood, and Wood- before is excepted) unto the said George Duke of lands, called Westwood Coppice, containing, by Esti- Marlborough, his Heirs and Assigns, from the Date or mation. Sixty-one Acres: And also all those Cop- making of these Our Letters Patent, for and during pices of Wood, Underwood, and Woodlands, called the natural Life of the Honourable Robert,

or known by the several Names following (that is to commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, in Reversion say) Wasted Coppice, containing, by Estimation, Fifty- of the Lives of the said Duke, and of the said Charles two Acres; Not ridge Coppice, containing, by Estima- Spencer, rendering and paying the refore, Yearly and tion. Sixty-four Acres; Gatesey Coppice and Ely Qua)'- every Year, to Us, Our Heirs and Successors, for and ter Coppice, containing, by Estimation, Thirty-four out of the said demised Premisses, the \ early Rent or Acres und One Rood; Kingsuood Coppice, containing, Sum of Forty Pounds of lawful Money of Great by Estimation, Fifty-two Acres and a Half; Feveris at or into the Receipt of Our Exchequer at Coppice, containing, by Estimation, Twenty-seven minster, or to the Hands of Our Bailiff or Receiver Acres; Smalls tone and The Grove, containing, by Esti- General of the Premisses for the Time being, at or mation, Sixty-three Acres; Cockshot Hill Coppice, con- upon the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Day of taining, by Estimation, Forty-eight Acres and an April in each and every Year, by even and equal Half Half; Evcndon, Great Lankerish, and Little Lank erish, Yearly Portions or Payments, during the said Term

containing, by Estimation, Sixty-five Acres and One hereby granted, or meant, mentioned, or intended to Rood; HasihcoodCoppice, containing Sixty-eight be granted as aforesaid, the First Payment thereof to Acres; Pollard Coppice, otherwise Crank hill Coppice, begin and be made at such of the said Days of Pay-containing, by Estimation, Twenty Acres; Buck inent as shall first and next happen after the Decease Leap Coppice, containing, by Estimation, Twenty-five of the said Duke, and of the said Charles Spencer. Acres; Five Oak Coppice, containing, by Estimation, And the said George Duke of Marlborough, for him-Sixteen Acres; Slack Pitts Coppice, containing, by self, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, doth Estimation, Eighty-six Acres; and the Shreddings of covenant, promise, grant, and agree, to and with Us, all such Trees growing and being in the several Cop- Our llcirs and Successors, by these Presents, that he pices aforesaid, and have heretofore been used to be the said George Duke of Afar thorough, his Heirs or lopped, cut, or shred: All which said Coppices, Assigns, shall and will, from Time to Time, and at all Woods, Underwoods, and Woodlands, with their Times hereafter, during the said Term hereby grant-Appurtenances, are situate, lying, and being within cd, over and above the Yearly Rent of Forty Pounds, the Forest of Whichwood, in Our County of Oxford; in and by these Presents reserved as aforesaid, well and all Woods and Underwoods growing or being, or and truly pay and satisfy, or cause to be paid and sa-which shall hereafter grow and be in and upon the tisfied, unto the Rangers and Keepers of Our said several Coppices aforesaid, and Premisses, or any Part Forest of Whichwood for the Time being, for and in or Parcel thereof, together with all Profits, Commo- respect of their Fees and Wages thereout, the Yearly dities, and Emoluments whatsoever, of and from the Sum of Forty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight said Woods, Underwoods, and Woodlands, or any Pence of lawful Money of at and upon

Part or Parcel thereof, coming, growing, and renew- the several Days aforesaid, by equal Portions, toge-ing, either in the aforesaid Woods, Underwoods, and ther with the further Yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds Woodlands, dr any Part or Parcel thereof, belong- of lawful Money of Great Britain, at and upon the ing or in anywise appertaining (excepting neverthe- aforesaid Days, for and in lieu of Firewood, hereto-less, and always reserving out of this Our present fore usually allowed to the said Keepers of Our said

Demise and Grant, to Us, Our Heirs and Successors, Forest of for the Time being, and all

all Timber Trees growing and being upon the said other Fees, Wages, and Allowances to the Rangers Premisses, and all Oak Saplings fit and proper for and Keepers of Our said Forest in anywise due or Timber, and also leaving sufficient Standals or Stocks payable, and Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, of and in and upon every Acre of the said Premisses, accord- from the Payment of all and singular the aforesaid

ing to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and Fees, Wages, and Allowances, and all Demands for

provided): All which said Premisses are Parcel of the the same, or any Part thereof, shall and will, from antient Possessions of Our Crown of England, and by Time to Time, and at all Times during the said Term

v. ’ hereby

32 G,eo. III. 13" Februarii.

255

hereby granted, freely, clearly, and absolutely acquit, exonerate, save harmless, and keep indemnified; and that he the said George Duke of Marlborough, his Heirs or Assigns, shall not, nor will, at any Time or Times during the said Term hereby granted, fell or cut, or cause, permit, or suffer any of the Woods or Underwoods aforesaid to be felled or cut, until the same shall be of full Twelve Years Growth or more; and after every such Cutting shall leave sufficient Standards, apt, proper, and fitting to become Timber, in every Acre of the said Woodlands, according to the Form of the Statute in such Case made and provided; and also shall and will well and sufficiently inclose and incoppice the said Woods with Hedges and Ditches, at their own Costs and Charges, and preserve the same from treading down, biting, and spoiling of all Manner of Cattle, and shall not put, or cause to be put, any Horses or other Cattle into the said Coppices, which may hurt the Twigs or Sprigs of the same, during the Term limited by the Statute for the Preservation of such Kind of Woods after every such Cutting; and shall and will, from Time to Time, during the said Term hereby granted, permit and suffer Our said Keeper and Keepers, Yearly, to cut within the the same Woods and Coppices, when they lie open, a competent Quantity of Browsing of the Shredding of the Trees, for the Sustentation and Support of Our Deer within Our Forest aforesaid: Provided always nevertheless, that all and every Assignment or Assignments which shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter be made of these Our Letters Patent, or of the said Premisses herein and hereby demised and granted, or any Part thereof, shall be inrolled before Our Auditor of the Premisses of Our said County of Oxford for the Time being, or his Deputy, within the Space of Six Months next following after the Date of every such Assignment or Assignments, otherwise, for Want or in Default of such Inrolment, every such Assignment or Assignments shall be void and of none Effect: Provided also, that if the said Yearly Rent or Sum of Forty Pounds, in and by these Presents reserved as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or the said several Sums of Forty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight Pence, and Twenty Pounds, shall at any Time hereafter happen to be in Arrear and unpaid by and during the Space of Three Months next after either or any of the said Days at or upon which the same ought to be paid as aforesaid, or if these Our Letters Patent shall not be inrolled before Our said Auditor of Our said County of Oxford, or his Deputy, and a Minute or Docket thereof entered in the Office

of Our Surveyor General of Our Land Revenues for the Tenth Ktport Time being, within the Space of Six Months next after Re’a(,rn^of.

the Date of these Presents, that then and from thence- v______^ ——

forth, in any such Case, or on any such Default, this Our present Demise and Grant shall and may be and be accounted null, void, and of no Force or Virtue; any Thing in these Presents contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: In Witness whereof we have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent.

Witness Our above-named Right Trusty and well-beloved Commissioners of Our Treasury aforesaid, at Westminster, the Tenth Day of December, in the Third Year of Our Reign, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two.

By Warrant of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

Shelley.

Ex'* Edu\ JEoodcock, Dep. Clk. Pipe.

Inrolled the 15th Day of December 17G2.

N* 12.

Answ er to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, addressed to his Grace the Duke of Marlborough; dated the 20th of March

The Duke of JUar/borough is Lord Warden or Ranger of the Forest of Whichuood, and of the Office and Offices of Lauudership, and the Four Bailiffs, called The Eight Walks', and is paid by the Exchequer, for

executing the Office of

Ranger - - £ 9 2 6

Lauudership - 6 1 8

4 Bailiff’s - 6 1 8

£. 21 5 10

by virtue of Letters Patent, dated 19th August, 13th Car. II. to Eduard Earl of Clarendon, in Fee.

The Fees and Emoluments of those Offices are the Salaries as above set forth, and appurtenant to the Rangership. His Grace hath also the Right of killing Deer, Game, Fish, &c. and all other Royalties, such as Fines, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Mines, &c. and likewise to all that is growing in the Hollow Wood, or Open Forest, such as lleath, Furze, Fern, Bushes, and Shrubs, &c. beneath or inferior to the Denomination of Timber, or Saplings of Timber.

The Keepers appointed by the Lord Warden, are,

Thomas Morris

John Prat Thomas Gray Matthew William Eeles

per Ann.

at £.16 ----- -and about 4I Acres of Meadow in

1 st Crop, Candlemas to

11 ----- --and about Acres in Upton; Lamas,

10 — — and about 12 Acres in; D*,

10 — — One Year 10, the next 14, in Shipton; D*, 10 ----- -about Acres in Shipton; I)*,

For the Use of the Deer and / maintaining Keeper’s Horse.

£.57 ——

Besides James Smith, a Billman, at £. 18. a Year.

The Houses and Buildings occupied by and William Eeles are his Grace’s own Freeholds, exclusive of the Ranger’s Lodge; and those of Thomas Morris, John Pratley, and Matthao Syford, which his Grace is entitled to under the above-mentioned Letters Patent.

None of the Officers of the said Forest receive any Rents, or make any Disbursements, save as before mentioned.

Lord Cornbury, and the Keepers, did formerly cut Vol. 47.

Brow se for the Deer, and sold much of it; but of late Years his Grace hath not permitted the Keepers to sell, except small Parcels of Fern, within their Walks. Timber is taken Yearly for Repairs of Buildings, and Forest Gates, &c.

The Duke cuts Timber in the King’s Coppices or Open Wood for Repairs of Buildings and Gates, &c.; and Persons whose Estates adjoin have the Underwood on the Hedge Acre for repairing the Mounds against them respectively.

There

256 13° Februarii. 1792.

Tenth Report There are from 6 to 800 Deer in the Forest; and ()J thf Board of ^ere are killed Annually

Land Revenue.

For His Majesty’s Officers Composition Venison His Grace

Bucks. Does.

- - 14 14

- - 151 13 i

— about 20 12 4-

50 40

besides Deer Stealers. There is no Provision for the Deer but from lopping Browse, and the Keeper’s Allowance of Meadow Land.

There are several Woods called Purlieu Woods, as those of the Bishop of Winchester, and Mr. Cooke, &c.

where Deer haunt and are often killed; but I believe the Owners of those Woods have no lawful Right to kill them, but ought to drive them back into the Forest; and it is observable, that the Owners of those Woods have what is styled Composition Venison, though believed to be more a Matter of Compliment than of Right.

I know of no Intrusions or Encroachments, except by Persons having a Right of Common there taking in Cattle by Agistment, and by Deer Stealers and Wood Stealers.

The greatest Part of the Timber has been cut down in the Forest; and, I have been told, at much Waste and Loss to the Crown: There is now very little left.

Ascot D

Shorthampton, Chilson, Pudlicot, Finstock,

The following Places, namely.

Asthall, Leafield,

Asthally, Ramsden,

Suinbrooke, Langley,

Fulbrooke, Minster,

Westzvell Hill, Walcot,

Whitford, Pain's Farm in Taynton,

have Right of Common for Beasts (not Oxen) as Annually settled by Marksmen; and for Sheep without Stint, except Chilson, Pudlicot, Walcot, and Minster, which have no Sheep Commons. Swine are excluded.

There is no specific Time for either taking in or out. The Forest is cleared only by Necessity, when Want of Food obliges the Owners to remove their Stock Home.

No Payments are made for Herbage or Pannage; but Persons owning the adjoining Estates, and claiming Right of Common, are by Custom obliged to keep up the Walls and Mounds against them respectively.

The Forest is driven as often as the Officers and Marksmen please. The Cattle of Strangers are always impounded when taken, and a small Fine paid to the Marksmen, and expended by them and their Assistants.

The Underwood in the King’s Coppices is cut at 18 Years, and in the Baron’s Coppices, at 21 Years. The Coppices are hedged and preserved by very strong Fences, at a very great Expence, by the Duke of Marlborough, except as before observed, and are kept so fenced, the King’s Eight Years, Baron’s Seven Years, and then thrown open to the Deer and Cattle.

Some of the Crown Lands are extra-parochial; but several of them are within distinct Parishes, and pay Land Tax and other Parish Dues.

22d April 1790.

Signed, by Order of the Duke of

Tho.

g

eg'

i — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

c

CD

o

ABSTRACT of Accounts of Woodsales within the Forest of Jfhiclvwood, and of Woodsales in other Forests included in the same Accounts, and also of Monies imprested from the Land O c"< Revenue, for defraying the Expences of divers Works and Repairs in the said Forest of fVkickzvood, and for other Purposes, from the \ear 1700 to 1786; taken from the Accounts of the fq F Surveyors General, remaining in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue. O

RECEIPTS

C3

/ Dates of Warrants. Quantities and Produce of Wood sold from Whichwood, Forest.

24 August, 1716 685 Decayed Trees, with the Bark, Ac. - £. s. d. 651 17 6 |

23 October, 1722 - 1,083 Hollow Pollard Trees, with Lops, Ac. 936 5 — |

26 ApriJ, 1725 - - 1,022 Hollow Pollard Trees, Lops, Ac. 834

10 June, 1726 - - 600 Dotard Trees, with Bark, Ac. - 556 10 —

4 April, 1729 - - 1,150 Dotard Trees, with Bark, Ac. - 656 19 — <J

15 February, 1732 - 1,149 Decayed Trees, and Pollards, Ac. - 550 19 —

3 April, 1735 - - f 626 Trees, with Lops, Ac. - 352 l — P

Divers Quantities of Wood cut in the

26 April, 1744 - - L Ridings - - - - 96 14 6

140 Trees, with the Lops, Ac. 134 — 6 r

19 September," 1745 -

1 October, 1747 - _______ _

18 June, 1751 ——

11 September, 1751

18 May, 1773 - - Six Lots of Trees, Lops, Ac. - 301 10 —

"5 April, 1775 - - 197 Trees sold to the Duke of Marlborough 340 9 —

Totals - - £. 5,411 5 6

Whereof chargeable to the Account oH Whichu'ood Forest - £.J 5,411 5 6

Produce of Wood Sales in other Forests.

£. 8. d.

705 6 — ’1 128 14 6 1

423 ----- -'

200 -

200 -

506 5 —

1,978 2 9D1 250 ----- ---/

455 7 9\

519 15 — /

980 — — 1 300

6,646 11 —

DISBURSEMENTS

Monies imprested from the Land Revenue. TOTALS. Exp* of setting out, rutting, and j selling Timber. Surveyor General’s Attendance, at 20 s. per day. Surveyor General’s Poundage. Receiver General’s Poundage. Treasury and Auditor’s Tees for Warrants and Accounts, Ac. Works and Repairs in Whichwood Forest. Disbursements in other Forests and Parks, See. A TOTALS.

i. s. <1. £. s. d. 1 £. «. d. £, Mm d. £. s. d. £. 8. dm £. 8. d. £. 8. d. fin New Forest - £. s. d. 204 17 9 ' £. s. d. )

" 1,485 18 — 41 18 9 185 74 5 — 21 — 8 < Hampton Ct. Park LGrcenunch Park - fTo John Mulcaster, D 378 J 3} 665 9 4 > 1,570 13 9 i

2,265 10 — 126 12 7 60 113 5 — 24 17 6 J for his late Majesty’s I,) Service -J fDean Forest, Sal* ' A liceholt Forest, Sal* -Hyde Park W indsor Great Park - 2,000 125 4 — 780 366 19 1 436 15 — >2,449 19 1

‘ 3,062 2 9 510 6 7 87 153 2 — 40 13 8 Hampton and Richmond For His Majesty’sScrvice Dean Forest, Sal* 293 18 11^ 130 187 16 — ► 3,016 11 3 \

556 10 — 2 1 11 20 27 16 — ~ 00 500 CAliceholt Forest - 1,50J 8 — 574 6 3

1,936 19 — 15 7 6 60 96 16 — 50 13 10 < Bere Forest, Sal* {^Grceruoic/i Park - f Hampton Court Pk. J Greenicick Park - 215 122 14 — 228 6 4 413 13 10 > 1,863 19 4

1,626 1 9 102 10 9 120 76 6 — 33 11 6 Aliceholt and Woolmer-V.Bere Forest, Sal* 325 150 — — ^1,449 8 5

_ 448 15 6 21 19 — 31 22 8 — - _ - 18 4- 414 7 8^ - 507 18 8 I

(300 — — 734 — 6 8 4 9 > 25 36 14 — 30 33 1 — 837 19 9 - - 970 19 6

630 — — 630 . 15 31 10 — 31 10 — 52 7 6 630 - - 740 7 6

304 7 — 304 7 — - 10 15 4 4 15 4 4 25 3 1 504 13 11 370 5 8

329 14 10 529 14 10 - 10 26 9 8 26 9 8 27 19 5 5*9 14 10 - - 6*0 13 7

645 10 — 645 10 — . - 10 32 5 6 52 5 6 29 8 4\ \ 656 - 759 19 4\

301 10 — 340 9 —: : — 0* 1 - - - 24 10 — 534 8 7 618 — 7

2,709 11 1° 14,767 8 4 859 1 10 660 758 3 6 135 9 6 585 18 lOi \ 4,407 4 9‘t i 8,327 4 7 15,513 3 1|

2,709 11 10 5,411 5 6 1 I 82 18 2 338 405 19 5 135 9 6 259 2 8 \ 1,407 4 9 I - - - 5,6*8 14 7\

05

o

a

3

-a

FOREST of WH

00

Dr.

C'.

To Monies expended in the Execution of Warrants for the Felling and Sale of Timber, and performing of divers Works and Repairs within this Forest, with other incidental Charges relative thereto, from the Year 1700 to 1786; no Account having been passed since that Time.

By Monies arising by the Sale of Timber and Wood within the said Forest, from the

Year 1700 to 1786.

Incidental

Charges.

Works and Repairs.

1

To Expences incurred in the marking, setting out, felling, and selling Timber, &c. within the above Period ——

Surveyor General’s Allowance of 20 Day, for

his Service, Attendance, and Riding Charges, in the Execution of Warrants for felling the said Timber, and in the performing of divers Works in the said Forest ——

Surveyor General’s Poundage on Monies by him received, at 12 d.per £. -Receiver General’s Poundage on Monies imprested to the Surveyor General, from the Land Revenue, for Repairs in the said Forest -Fees paid at the Treasury for Warrants and Entries, and to the Auditor for Debentures; and for preparing and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General for passing the same through the several Offices -Amount of the Expence of Works and Repairs within the said Forest (besides 80 Loads of rough Timber used in Repairs at the Ranger’s Lodge) as by the preceding Abstract, N° 13 (A.) appears

£. sd.

82 18 2

338 - —

405 19 5

135 9 6

259 2 8 f

4,407 4 9

5,628 14

By the Sale of divers Quantities of Dotard and decayed Trees

felled in the said Forest, within the Period of this Account, £. s. d.

together with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal thereof, as

by the preceding Abstract, N# 13 (A.) appears - - 5>4H 5 6

f. 5,4i 1 5 6

Expences incident to the Forest, exceeding the Monies

received therefrom ----- -- 217 9 1

£. 5,628 14 7

U.

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

259

N° 14. Tenth Report

A A n r*r\ Board of

V ACCOUNT of Timber felled within the Forest of Whichwofor the Use of the Navy, from the Time Revenue-;

of my Appointment to the End of the Year 1790.

Date of each Fall. Number of Trees felled. Quantity of Timber in Square Measure. Gross Produce of the Lops, Tops, Bark, and Offal Wood.

Loads. Feet £. s. d.

May 1788 129 91 1 ha 00 00 1

June 1790 25 14 33 27 ii 4

An ACCOUNT of all other Trees felled within the Forest of Whichwood, from the Time of my

Appointment to the End of the Year 1790.

Date of each Fall. Number of Scrubbed and Unthrifty Trees. Gross Produce by Sale of the Trees, Lops, Tops, Bark, and Offal Wood.

£. s. d.

May 1788 368 OO HA OO 1

June 1790 42 47 15 2

The Timber above returned to have been cut down in Whichwood Forest was cut from the Coppices, as they came in Course of cutting, in Consequence of a Memorial from Messrs. , Acting Surveyors,

upon Mr. Pitt's Death, before my Appointment, dated the 16th of May 1787, and upon Memorials from me of the 3d of March, the 18th and 30th of April 1788, the 8th and 13th of March 1790, and the 26th of October 1790. The Reasons upon which I submitted to the Board of Treasury such Timber to be cut, are stated in the several Memorials above mentioned; and a List and particular Return of the Trees so proposed to be cut down were returned with such Memorials, to be annexed to the Warrants for cutting them down, as will appear upon a Reference being had thereto. With such Memorials, also, I return a State of all the Coppices His Majesty is entitled to in the Forest of Whichwood, and of the Years they come in Course of cutting, together with a State of the Timber in such Coppices, and a State and full Return of all the Timber and Trees whatever within the Forest of Whichwood at large; to which I beg Leave to refer.

Robinson,

Office of Woods, Surveyor General

3d October 1791. of His Majesty’s Woods, &c.

N° 15.

After our hearty Commendations: Having considered your Representation aforegoing, and Estimate annexed, and approving thereof, These are to authorize and require you to cause the Repairs therein mentioned to be done and performed in a substantial and workmanlike Manneis, taking Care that the Expences thereof do not exceed the estimated Sum of Four hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence, which Sum is to be satisfied out of any Money which may come to your Hands by Wood-sales out of Whichwood Forest, as by you proposed in your said Representation. And you are hereby required to render an Account of your Proceedings herein before the proper Auditor, within Twelve Months from the Date hereof. And this, being first entered with the said Auditor, Vol. 47.

together with the proper Acquittances, shall be as well to you for so doing, and making Payments accordingly, as to the said Auditor, and all others concerned, for allowing the same upon your Accounts, a sufficient Warrant.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

21st February 1789.

Graham,

Ed. J. Eliot,

To our very loving Friend John Robinson, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Moods.

After our hearty Commendations: Having considered your Representation aforegoing, and approving thereof, These are to authorize and require you to accept the further Proposals of Mr. Towney and Mr. Townesend for the Execution of the additional Works therein mentioned at the Ranger’s (Admiral Pigot's) Lodge in Whichwood Forest, taking Care that the same are done and performed in a substantial and workmanlike Manner, and that the Expences thereof do not exceed the estimated Sum of One hundred and Twenty-two Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight Pence, which Sum is to be satisfied out of any Money which may Come to your Hands by Woodsales out of Whichwood Forest. And you are hereby required to render an Account of your Proceedings herein before the proper Auditor, within Twelve Months from the Date hereof. And this, being first entered with the said Auditor, together with the proper Acquittances, shall be as well to you for so doing, and making Payments accordingly, as to the said Auditor, and all others concerned, for allowing the same on your Account, a sufficient Warrant. Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7th December 1790.

W. , Bayham, Apsley.

To John Robinson, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods.

1

r

g

eg'

r — h

N'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

r»© h

n> r- D

2 "S’

a § T3 p *1 o C D-PV

A SURVEY of the Oak

N° 16.

Timber in IVhichxcood Forest, taken between the 26th of

May and the 28th of June 1783.

to

O

o

Places where Growing.

{Lankeridge Coppices Slat pitts - D# ’ ‘o'

Kings-wood and Leveridge Cocksbootl.il! - ‘ no.

Sraallstones u

Brays /Five Oak Walk. \Bucklcap -

fEvenden Ra"F;r V Haslewood -

Waik. ^Cranbi|i

D°

D°

D°

D®

D°

{Nottridge -Weastage -Rowstage Broadquarter Hawks

Potters TGadley Hill < Pollard Walk. IShakenoak -

D° 1)° D° D° D°

D°

D°

1>°

Total iu Coppices

Hollow Quarters, / &c.

Round hi II, Langly Scrubbs, South Lawn, Weastage Raggs, Broadquarter and Rousrage Straits, Westgrove and Ro-borough, Sliipton Ridings, Weastage Green, Old Ridings, Fair Spire, Bone Stock, Kingswood Ridings, Hazle-hill, Grughill, Hatchanhill, Crosshazleh.il, Wheatlyh.lJ, Wading Hiding, Cross Ma-plehiil, I lawk nest, Westcoat Quarter, Rangers Lawn, Whitney Way, Patch.ll, Churchh.il Coppice, Fernhill and New hill Plain " ~j

Totals -

Knees.

From 10 Feet to 50 Feet.

N°

Trees.

14

18

L<*. f.

— 26

1 4

— 25

— 16

1 3

1 30

5 4

3 40

50 Feet and

upwards.

N°

Trees.

Ld*. F.

Fit to cut.

30-Feet and upwards.

N°

Trees.

34

1

9

33

96

Ldl. F.

2 20

1 28

1 20

49

— 36

— 40

30 4

— 30

7 17

26 2

1 20 4 —

Scrubbed and unthrifty.

From 1 Foot to 9 Feet.

N°

Trees.

211

30

147

13

162

16

13

3

50

28

35

11

44

107

11

9

62

33

Ld*. Fl.

10 25 2 37 9 47 1 5 15 5

1 14

1 25

— 15

5 5

2 15

3 12

1 3

2 42 9 56

— 23

— 44

3 2

3 10

78 16

3 32

985

3,052

101 J 81 48 J 4,057

74 15

223 41

298 6

10 to 30 Feet.

N° Ld*. Ft.

Trees.

1 — 14

3 — 34

2 — 40

12 3 40

2 — 20

4 1 18

1 — 20 '

6 1 34

6 1 42

3 — 4-1

8 2 32

16 5 42

4 1 8

4 — 42

72 22 30

87 21 38

159 44 18

30 and upwards.

N°

Trees.

Ld*. F\

— 40

— 36

3 14

1 16

— 30

9 6 36

2 4

8 40

Doted

or

Defective.

N°

Trees.

Ld#. Fr.

— 30

— 30

— 40

3 41

1 20

1 38

17 13

14

8 34

31 21 40

Shaken.

From 1 Foot to 9 Feet.

T rees.

10

4

15

Lds. F.

45

20

48

1 I - 8

47

67

114

_ 39 — 8

— 27

12

— 14

— 11

7 12

12 44

10 to 30 Feet.

N°

Trees.

31

Ld*. F.

2 12

— 18

— 40

2 48

— 22 — 46

1 43

— 10

— 16

30 Feet and upwards.

N°

Trees.

10

2 16

12 21

Ld\ Fl.

— 36

— 36

2 46 1 18

5 36

5 36

Storers or Saplings.

1 Foot to Feet.

N°

Trees.

4573

139

340

261

329

186

80

53

202

134

107

33

144

356

157

85

730

91

4,100

8,162

12,262

Ld*. F.

28 15

7 9

21 41

8 15 20 49

9 14

4 38

2 22 11 31

7 14

8 17

14 41

5 43

3 38

34 17

4 30

200 49

465 25

5 Feet to 10 Feet.

Growing.

10 Feet to 30 Feet.

30 Feet and upwards.

N° Trees. Ld\ F. N° Trees. Ld\ F. N° Trees. L" F.

92 10 30 10 2 28 —

46 5 33 5 1 6 —

249 29 44 37 8 39 —

24 3 5 15 4 4 —

344 43 42 114 29 41 2 1 22

88 11 7 8 1 39 — —

90 12 6 57 15 37 *

34 4 29 31 10 8 — —

192 25 5 128 34 11 —

86 11 — 29 6 22

160 20 48 151 42 30 2 1 12

61 8 5 26 7 18 —

71 8 37 27 9 6 1 — 30

243 30 11 143 44 15 2 1 16

14 1 37 8 2 19

50 6 36 38 11 13 — —

167 20 fO 17 3 44 —

91 11 54 57 16 34 1 — 36

2,102 265 29 901 232 14 8 5 16

5,820 697 23 996 240 31 1 — 33

| 7,922 963 2 1,897 492 45 9 5 49

Rub* C.

55

a

-a

to

/-y,....

j,t|? _

J

J

—— jr%> MT* .3 J \

A ncTBAc-r of Rotor,1S of Timber in the Oiftercnt Coppices in PThidacood Forest; as transmitted to the Lords of the Treasury, by JoAn Esquire,

i - Surveyor General of His Majesty s Woods.

Date

of

Survey.

Places where growing.

1789

Oak:

Oak Trees, improving:

Tree* fit for the Navy.

Buckleap Coppice Notteridge Coppice -King’s Wood Coppice Roustage Coppice Haslewood Coppice -Gad ley Coppice Weastage Coppice Smallstones Coppice -\ Slatt Pitts Coppice I Pollard Coppice 1790. \ Lankeridge I)0, Ranger’s Walk 1 Cranhill 1>°, Ranger’s Walk 1 Hawkes DQ, South Lawn Walk Five Oak D°, Patch Hill Walk Haver, den Dn, Ranger’s Walk Broad Quarter D°, SouthLawnWalk I CockshotHill D°, High Lodge Walk Shaken Oak D°, Purtershili Walk

Totals - - .

Co

X

Trees under 20 Year* Growth.

Trees from 20 to SO Yr* Growth.

Trees from 20 to 40 Yr* Growth.

Trees from 30 to 40 Yr Growth.

N°. Lds. Fk N°. 1 1 Ld#. Fk j N°. Ld\ r. N° Ld\ Fk

29 20 26 82 76 _ _ _

60 72 26 74 . 190 . - _ . _

5 3 47 43 . 289 - .

24 23 3 173 - 100 - - _ -

14 *9 13 10 - 240 . - „ . „

9 8 2 50 - 86 - _ _ -

11 8 29 6 - 40 - _ _ - „

4 3 40 20 - - 399 - . -1

- - - 5 - 99 - - . i 1 -

2 1 1 8 . - - - _ 511 I -

1 2 40 477 15 3 - - - 388 i 44 9

- - - 39 1 10 - - - 189 I 24 17

- - - 313 5 26 - - - 22 4 5

- - - 181 5 8 - - - 131 20 21

4 3 13 34 0 10 - - - 50 4 26l

- - - 524 9 8 - - - 184 28 11

- - - 524 7 7 - - - 56 9 25

5 4 0 i 147 2 49 - - - - 143 20 44

168 j160 4C > 2710 11 - |1519 - - 1674 - -

N°.

100

160

317

112

266

90

Ld\ r.

Trees from SO to 50 Y1* Growth.

N°.

79

320

80

479

Ld\ Fk

Ash, improving: Ash, not improving: Elms: Beech 1 Limes: Totals in each Coppice.

Tre 40 Yr* and i es from > to 50 Growth, upwards. Fit for Carpenter’s Use. Fire Wood. t Trees inproving. Pollards improving. Trees, Wheel- wright’s Use. Pollards, Wheel- wright’s U>e. Fire Wood. Improving. Not improving. Improving. Not improving Improving.

Nk Ld*. Fk N°. Lrt\ Fk N° Ld\ F. N°. Ld\ F N« Ld\ F. Nf Ld\ r. Nn Ld*. F. Nc Ld\ P. N, Ldk F. Nfl L<*. F*. Nc Ldk F. N* L*r. N° Ld\ P. NT iA r.

60 - - 59 5 1 - - . _ . - . - - - . . - _ _ 386

146 - - 62 20 7 - - - _ . «. - - - - m m . - . - i 692

- - 157 9 16 1 0 40 - . - 7 1 9 . 11 0 21 - . - - - 830

- - 38 6 35 447 55 18

- - 53 12 37 3 2 40 7 0 33 . - - - i - - - - m . - 1 0 26 22 1 49 616

- - 41 17 23 1 2 40 - - . _ - . 3 0 28 1 - - - - _ _ - . - - - 280

- - 13 3 46 1 1 27 - _ - . _ - - . m — . - - - - 150

- - 281 60 46 57 22 25 36 2 2 _ . - „ „ - - _ _ . - - - - 1117

- - 47 4 37 1 0 20 - - .; _ _ - - 1 0 46 - - «. _ _ . - - - 233 — »

360 - - 102 13 40 1 0 12 24 4 43 _ _ - _ _ _ _ - 8 1 25 _ _ _ - . - - - 1016 .

62 19 35 116 13 26 1 0 *2 2 0 22 2 1 7 1049 101 24

41 18 5 27 2 23 - - 30 2 43 _ 1 0 30 _ 8 2 38 1 0 1 _ . 1 0 40 . - - - 337 —

1 0 22 6 1 29 342 9 32

12 4 45 11 1 44 - - - - _ _ . _ . _ _ - - - . _ 12 5 10 . - - - 347 37 20

26 7 20 26 6 15 - - 7 1 8 6 1 35 _ - _ _ 11 2 8 - . _ _ - - - 164 26 35

4 2 20 43 5 41 755 45 30

5 2 46 j 15 4 0 1 0 27 - - m m _ _ _ _ _ _ - _ _ _ - . - - 601 24 5

7 4 11 64 12 21 2 3 0 7 1 18 5 0 20 380 49 13

724 - Tl i 1141 - 69 - - 115 13 19 11 2 5 8 1 39 4 1 24 21 6 3 20 1 47 j - - 13 6 0 1 0 26 22 1 49 9742

U M m A

___

R Y:

O.ik Trees fit for the Navy -Oak Trees improving:

Trees under 20 Years Growth -From 20 to 30 Years -

From 20 to 40 Years -

From 30 to 40 Years -

From 30 to 50 Years -

From 40 to 50 Years, and upwards

Total Oak Trees improving

Oak Trees not improving:

Fit for Carpenter’s Use -

Firewood ——

N° of Trees

Total Oak not improving Total Oak <

Ash Trees improving ——

Ash Pollards improving ——

Total A$h improving

Act not improving:

Trees tit for Wheelwright’s Use -Pollards fit for Wheelwright's Use Fit on'v for Firewood -

Total Ash not improving -

Total Ash -

2710

1519

1674

1045

479

724

1141

69

113

11

Elm Tiees improving Beech'Frees improving -Beech Trees not improving

Total Beech

(.lines improving

Ld*. Ft.

13 19

2 5

8 1 39

4 1 24

21 6 3

N° of Trees. L". F.

168 160 40

8151

1210

124 15 24

33 9 16

13 1 C 0 0 26

~ -

Total Tree* in the Coppices

N° of Trees

9529

Ld\ F.

to

O

w

c

CO

o

<s-

<*». O* .

157 24 40

20 1 47

14 6 26

22 1 49

to

Ci

£, H

9742

r

HHOOD FOREST.

N° i7. B.

ABSTRACT of Returns of Timber in the different Walks of the Open forest; as transmitted to the Lords of the Treasury, oy John Robinson, Esquire,

Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods.

Pale

of

Survey,

D

eg*

1 — I-'

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

eg

1

1790.

Places where growing. Oak: Oak Trees, improving: Oaks, not improving: Ash, improving: Ash, not improving: Elms: - Beech f Sycamore: Limes: -1-- Horse Chesnuts: tr 1 — — Total in each Walk.

Trees fit for the Navy. Trees from 5 to 20 Years Growth. Trees from 20 to 40 Years Growth. Trees 40 Years & upwards. Pollards improving. Fit for Carpenters Use. " -N Fire Wood. Trees improving. Pollards improving. Trees, Wheelwright’s Use. 1 Pollards, i'Wheel wright’s Use. \ 1 Fire Vood. Improving. Not improving. Y Improving. Not improving. Fire Wood. Improving. Improving. Improving.

1 In0 Ld<. Fr. N° Ld'\ Ff. Ld*. F. N°. Ld\ F*. N° Ld*. F'. N°. Ld*. Fc. Jn° i Ldt. F. N°. Lf‘.V. N°. Ld#. Fr. N°. j Ld’. F:. N°. Ld>. F N°. Ld‘. Fr. N°. V’. F;. Nr’ J l". r. N°. Ld§. F. N°, L*\ F. N° Ldt. F‘. N° Ld*. F. N°. Ld*. F. N° Ld\ Fl. N°. Ld*. Fc.

High Lodge Walk - - - - 916 75 38 1 635 139 9 155 72 18 4 0 13 664 59 251 '5 I 3 8 958 53 419 29 40 ! 120 1 9 2 1 - - 55 4 8 3901 447 17

Potter’s Hill Lodge Walk 3 1 47 2489 139 20 1519 204 5 607 208 49 - 1986 1 154 491 12 6 3' 2753 92 SO 5737 94 44 1241 49 22 1190 51 47 83 10 28 77 15 44 - - 5 1 32 - - - 5 1 26 1 0 13 - - - 15711 1134 9

Patch Hill Walk - - - 2974 165 4 1709 271 26 521 159 35 1 0 5: 2474 152 37 11 1 [ 3 15 103 4 31 58 4 8 27 2 25 - - 6 1 32 35 3 7 2 0 12 467 105 13 13 1 0 13 1 14 13 2 0 9 2 28 3 0 2 8439 880 44

South Lawn Lodge Walk 2 1 16 122 7 31 95 17 1 93 35 15 _ _ 65 13 43 2 0 16 100 3 27 702 48 11 - - 129 13 19! 223 29 40 1533 170 19

Ranger’s Walk - - - - 379 27 1 351 75 43 89 51 45 - - - 181 25 12 7 2 3 489 24 11 563 49 45 302 37 24 ! 60 1 1 11 39 21B 54 46 j - - - 75 27 18 - - 3 0 17 48 8 6 91 16 21 69 10 44 2928 423 30

Totals - - - 5 3 13 t 5880 414 44 1309 707 39 1465 528 12 5 0 18 J.j 373 406 16 i 17 j 14 45J4103j 27 B 45 :> I 1 1 2t6 48j! 1693 j 98 33 1319 65 16 j 397 J 57 47 S30 73 47 2 0 12 547 134 13 13 1 0 16 1 SI 1 1 66 11 32 101 19 12 7t 10 46

Total Trees in the Open Forest - - - 32512 3056 19

SUMMARY:

r N° of Trees i/«. p. |n° of Trees. I Lds. Ff. V" of Tree J

Oak Trees fit for the Navy -Oak Trees improving: From 5 to 20 Years Growth - From 20 to 40 Years - - - - Forty Years and upwards ----- - 6880 4309 1465 414 44 707 39 528 12 5 3 13 |

12654 1650 45

Oak Trees not improving; ’ ’ ‘I 5 0 18

Fit for Carpenter’s Use Fire Wood

Total Oak not improving -Total Oak -

Ash Trees improving -Ash Pollards improving -

Total Ash improving

Ash not improving:

Fit for Wheelwright’s Use -Fit only for Fire Wood -

5373

37

4403

5479

Total Ash not improving -Total Ash -

F.lms improving Fhns not improving

Total Elm*

Beech improving Beech not improving Beech fit only for Fire Wood

Total Beech

Sycamore improving

lames improving

1*Ion!>c Chesnuts improving

S01J

397

406 16

14 45

278 45

326 48

163 49 57 47

} Ought all to be cut down, being prejudicial to the Growth of the young 'l imber.

6410

421 11

9882 505 43

J* Ought to be cut down

[ 221 46

330 73 47

2 0 12

547 134 13

13 ,1 0

16 1 31

18074

Total Trees in the Open Forest

13291

332

2075 37

Ought to

576

66 101 72

727 $9

74

be cut down.

136 44

11 32

19 12

10 46

OBSERVATIONS.

IN respect to the Succession of Timber to be expected from the Forest at large, the Time allowed for the Return has not permitted Such a Survey to be made thereof as to ascertain, with any tolerable Accuracy, the Succession of Timber which may be expected from this Forest; but a Progress is making the rein, in order exactly to ascertain all the Timber in the Forest, and the particular State and Species of each Tree, so as to form the Wood Book. Great Difficulties, however, occur in not being permitted to mark the Trees in some Mode or another, so as to particularly ascertain them with Accuracy for the Wood Book, and so that they may be known . hereafter on future Surveys; and without some Mode is fixed upon for this Purpose, and the Wood Books carefully completed, it will be impossible to form an accurate State of the Succession of Timber for future Years. It can, however, at present, be safely returned, that many Parts of the Open Forest, and what is called the Ridings, as well as the Coppice?, are of the very best and properest Soil for the Growth of Oak Timber — that a very large Quantity of the finest young growing Timber, of about 40 Years standing, is now growing in the Forest — that there are also growing very, great Quantities of young Oaks, from 20 to 40 Years, although very much impeded in some Parts by the Growth of Ash, which ought to be cut down; — but that there is no Appearance of young Oaks, or Tillers, coming up under 20 Years, nor ever will be, nor ever can be any, unless a Stop is put to cuttibg ibe Bushes in the Forest, and the lopping and cutting the young Trees, which is done in open Day, and carried away often in Waggons in the Night, avowedly, and without Regard, in such a Manner that almost all the Covert for young Wood growing up is destroyed. The Forest is also #ver-run with Swine; and it is feared that neither the Swine, nor even the Deer, art kept out of the King's Coppices, as they are out of the private Coppices, where good Timber is growing. This totally prevents the Acorns frotn getting up; so that it is impossible for any Timber ever to get up in this Forest in Succession to that now growing, unless Inclosures end Coppices air made within the Forest.

Another great Abuse in this Forest, is, that the Underwood in the Coppices is sold by the Acre, on which the Purchasers hot only cut down all the small Tillers and Standills with the Underwood, without Regard to leaving the proper Quantity fixed by Law, but also lop the Timber Trees which may be standing within the Coppice. Great Destruction is also committed by cutting Fire Wood at Pleasure, and without Controul.

Which wood Forest is a prodigious fine Tract of Ground, and differs fro no most other of t lie King’s Forests, in that it is almost all walled, or else fenced round, and clearly distinguished and held in Severalty, except certain Rights of Common upon it, and the Coppices, which are private Property. There appear to be very few Sheep upon it. All the Roads, Wkys, or Passages to this Forest, are fenced across, and have Gates across most of them, which, if regularly kept up, kept shut and guarded, as they might be without roach Expence, would prevent any Cattle coming on to the Forest, or any Cattle being put upon it, blit auch as have legal Right of Common thereon; and if Coppices were taken out of the Forest, properly planted, inclosed, did kept up, great Quantities of very valuable Timber might be raised.

262 13° Februarii.

32 Geo. III. 13° Feh 'uarii. 2G3

N* 18.

Ex Bundei C LAME Oil in Foresta de WHICH-WQOD Com Oxoii Anno I3*u: Caf: t1"1.

CLAMEA poita in ItiSe Foreste de Whichwood in Coin Oxoii tent apud Guihald Civitat Oxoii die Verois in septiaoa Pentecost existeii Scdo die Junij Anno Regni Dni nri Caroli nunc Regis Angt tcio decimo coram Robto Dormer Milit Deputat Henr Comit de Holland Gardian & Capital Justic ac Justic itirian omit! Forest Chac Parcor & Warrenn Dni Regis citra Trentam'.

OXOSf FORESTA ] HENRICUS Comes Dan-de WHICHWOOD. > by venit ad hanc Curiam p (4) J Edrm Offley Atturnatu suii

et clamat pro se et Heredibus et Assignat suis Officiu et Officia quatuor Ballivoru in Foresta pdict, diet Le Eight Walkes, et Officiu Rangeatores sive Ran-gersbipp, uc Officiu de le Laundershipp Forestae pdiet, Ac etiam omnia et singula Vad Feod Proficua Commoditat Advantag quecunq Officijs pdict et eof cuilibet spectant seu ptinent quamdiu aliquis Heres masculus sive aliqui Heredes niasculi corpore Jo-bannis Fortescue Militis nup Cancellaf Cur Scaccaf Dni Regis legittime procreat supstes vel supstites sue-rit sive iuerint tam p se ipsu et se ipsos quam p ejus et eoru sufficient Deputat sive Deputatos suos sufficient occupand et exercend, et pdcus Comes ulterius elicit etiam quod ipse seisitus est in Dominico suo ut de Feodo de et in separalibus Manerijs de Lefeild Langley et Ramsden cii prtineneijs, et de et in uno Messuagio in Shorthampton cu ptin, et de et in uno Messuagio in Chilson cu ptin in Com pdict, quoru Manerioru pars est extra et pars (scilicet Mille Acra Vaste sunt) infra Metas Forest pdict non usitat, Et clamat pro se et Tenentibus suis Manerioru et Messuagioru pdict Libertat Imunitat Comoditat et Fraunchess sequent (viz‘) Comunia Pastuf tanquam ad sepalia Maneria et Messuag pdict spectant et ptinent pro omnibus Averijs suis Comunicalibus (except Bidentibus) in et sup Maneria et Tenementa pdict levant et couchaunt in omnibus Vastis Boscis et Subboscis et Locis comunicalibus Dni Regis infra Forest pdict secundu Ordinem et As-sisam Foreste, Et clamat Libertat succindcre* cape et

abcariare Arbores et Dumeta sua propria sparsim et T«nth Report sepal crescent infra aliquam partem Maneriorum pdict iWid of infra Metas Foreste pdict ad usus suos proprios ex- >tvt"ue' pendend infra separalia Maneria et Messuag pdict sine visu Ministroru Dni Ilegis Forest pdict secundum Or-dincm et Assisam Forest, Et clamat Panagium pro se et Tenentibus suis Manes pdict pro Porcis et Porccllis suis annulat secundu Ordinem Forest pdict, et habere Woodwardum suu ppriu infra Forest pdict, Jurat et Chiminagium pro se et Tenentibus suis et pro Servis et Cariagijs suis omibus Anni temporib3 Mense vetito except secundu Ordinem Forest pdict, Et pro Titulo suo ad oi'a et singula pficua Libertat et Comoditat sic ut plcr-tnr tenend et habend IDEM COMES dicit quod Diius Jacobus nup Rex Anglie p Literas suas Patent ge-rent dat vicesimo primo die Octobris Anno Regni sui Anglie Fraunc et Hibnie vicesimo tertio et Scocie qtia-dragesimo nono sub ningno Sigillo Anglie Concessit sibi et Heredib} & Assignat suis Officii! et Officia ipsor quatuor Ballivof in Forest pdict, diet Le eight Walkes, et Officium Rangeatoris sive ltangershipp ac Officium de le Laundershipp Forest pdict Ac etiam omnia et singula Vad Feod pficua et Comoditat et Advantag que-cunq^ Officijs pdict ct eof cuilibet spectant & ptinent quamdiu aliquis Ileres masculus sive aliqui Heredes masculi de corpore Johannis Fortescue Milit pdict legittime pereat supstes vel supstites fuerit sive fuerint tain p seipsit Sc seipsos quam p ejus & eof sufficient Deputat sive Deputatos suos sufficient occupand et exercend, ET ULTERIUS dicit quod ipse onines antecessores sui ct onmes illi quos sepuletn Statum ipse iu Manerijs et Messuag pdict cum ptin niodo hahet,

OMNIA Sc singula Feoda pficua Libertat ct Comoditat pdict modo & forma snpius clamat, a tempore cujus contraf Momoria Hoium non existit habuerc te-nuere et gavisi sues et habere tenere uti & gaud ere con-sueverunt et debuef, Et cum hoc quod pdict Henricus Comes Danby verificare vult qd Johannes Fortescue de Salden in Com Bucks Barronet est Heres masculus dc corpore ipsius Johis et supstes et modo in vita sua existit, Et hoc paratus est verificare prout Curia C011-sideraverit, et intle petit Allocationcm.

EDWARDE I'ETYPLACE.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Toner of London, having been examined.

Robert Lemon, Chief Clerk.

N* 19.

BUND EL I. N° 3. inter Clamea Forestas WHICHWOOD Anno 12* CARO LI Iml.

FORESTA DE "1 CURIA FORESTE Dom nri CAROLI Dei Grit Anglie Scot Francie et Uihriie Reg* WHICHWOOD. jFidei Defensor See vocat Le Swanimote tefit pro Foresta p rede a apud Lcs Five Oakes infra Forest pdict Die Jovis existen nono Die Junij Ano Regni diet Doiii Regis duodecimo coram Henrico Comit Danbyc Locum tenen't Foreste pdict ac Forestarijs Viridarys Regar-datoribus et oTbus alijs Ministris ejusdem Foreste.

HENRICUS COMES DANDY E p nobilis Ordinis Gartc-rij Miles et unus del Dmi Regis privat concilij Locumtenens Foreste pdict.

V I H I D A R I J.

JYanciscus Wenman Miles Julies Fetiplace Af.

FORES TARIUS.

Acton Drake Af Forestarius de Shorthampton Walke.

RANGIATOR.

Idem Acton Drake principal Rangiator totius Foreste pdee.

REGARD A TORES.

Nichus Clarke de Ascot Gen.

Robtiis Harris de Minster Lovell Gent.-Thomas Martin de Willcott Gent.

Edrus Rawlins de Le Feild Gent.

Ricus Gyles de Swinbrooke Gent.

Ricus Joyner de Finstocke Gent.

Ricus Harris de Shorthampton Gent. Johes Priddy de Fowler Gent.

Jobes Moore de Paines Farme Gent. Willus Lardner de Ramsden Gent. Willus Whiteinge de Shipton Gent. Willus Croker de Hayley Gent.

Vol. 47.

13° Februarii. A. 1792.

Tenth Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

SUBFORESTARIJ.

pred Acton Drake Subforestarius de pambitu vocat Shorthampton Walke.

Thomas Kewe Subforestarius de pambitu vocat Roger Hills Walke.

Stephus Brize Subforestarius de pambitu vocat Thiske Lodge Walke.

Johes Sparrowe Subforestarius de pambitu vocat Pottershill Lodge Walke.

Petrus Ranckle Subforesta? de pambitu vocat Burford Lawne Walke.

Jacobus Clarke Subforestaf de pambitu vocat Minster et Astall Woods.

NOIA Juratorum ad inquirend p Dno Rege Sup articulos Foreste.

Ricus Browne prius Jur Georgius Pasley Thomas Rawlins Ricus Jons Thomas Key Ricus Brooks Edrus Durford Johes Patrick

Ad banc Cuf.

Ricus Hathway Johes Codes Thomas Howse Thomas Bromley Henricus Brooks Ricus Alder Hugo Carter

) Jur:

(")

Fin eeee

PRESENTAT EST ac convict p Forestar Viridar Regardatorcs et ceteros Ministros Foreste pdict ac p duodecim Jurator quod Ricus Batton nup Rangeator Foreste pdict citravigint et quatuor annos jam ultim pterit succidit et vendidit quinguagint Quercus in Foresta pdict nup crescen pcij cujuslt eor sex solid et octo Denariof, aceciam infra tempus pdict succidit et vendidit quadringent arbores vocat Pollards infra Foresta pdict et valent quing Marc in Destruccoem virid ejusdem Foreste et ad Dampnum Dni Regis vigint Librar et contra Leges et assisas Foreste Et qd Symon Hatton de London Geriosus est Filius et Heres pdci Richi.

(4.) PRESENTAT EST ac convict p eosdem qd p honobilis Henricus Comes Danby principal

Forcstarius in Feod Foreste pdict infra vigint annos jam ultim pterit succidit Centum arbores Fin €6U vocat Dotterd 'Frees infra Forest pdict et easdem abscariavit et posuit in usum p Focali suo que libt arbor inde existen valor quatuor solidor, in nocumentu virid Foreste pdict et ad Dampnu Dni Regis vigint Librar et contra Leges et assisas Foreste.

Such Parts as are extracted having been examined.

do agree with the Record in the Tower,

Robert Lemon,

Chief Clerk.

Middleton,

Land Revenue Office, Call,

Scotland \ aid, John

btli February 1792.

Eleventh Report To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens) and Bur-

of the Board of gesses, in Parliament assembled.

Land Revenue.

J The Eleventh Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

In the Reports which we have presented to His Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, on the State and Condition of the Royal Forests, we have shewn, that while the Estates of Individuals, in every Part of this Kingdom, have been advancing in Improvement, the Property of the Crown in those Forests has been left unprotected, and exposed to unlimited Waste. Necessity of improv- The Public Interest certainly requires that so ex-ing the Forests. tensive and so valuable a Part of the Landed Property of the Country should not be suffered longer to continue in its present unproductive State; and that either the Plan of Management which has been pursued ever since the Beginning of the present Century, and which has had such destructive Effects, should be

completely altered, and new Regulations established, which may render those Forests useful Nurseries of Timber for the Navy; or that they should be sold and converted to Tillage or Pasture, so as to add to the Produce and Population of the Kingdom.

To avoid the Danger of forming an Opinion on a What Plmofinv partial View of the Subject, and to enable us, with Confidence, to recommend to the Legislature that gl e or ' 11 Measure which would be most expedient for the Public, it seemed necessary that our Enquiries should not be confined to the Royal Forests only, but that we should endeavour also to obtain the best Information concerning the present State of the Timber growing on private Property in this Country, with a View to ascertain whether there has hitherto been a Decrease in the Quantity, and whether there is such a Stock now remaining, and such a Prospect of a Succession, as that Government may safely depend on having a full Supply in future for the Navy, without any Reliance on Importation from other Countries, and without undertaking the Improvement of the Royal Forests, as Nurseries of Timber.

On the Result of this Enquiry must ultimately

depend

Decrease of Timber general.

32 Geo. III.

130 Fcbmarii.

2 65

depend the Determination of the Question, whether there is, or is not, a Necessity for undertaking that Improvement.

If the increased Demand for Naval Timber should be found to have given such Encouragement to the planting of Oak, and to have created such gn additional Supply on the Estates of Individuals, as to ensure a sufficient and permanent Provision for the Navy; the Question would then only be, which of these Plans would be the most eligible, in point of Profit — that of keeping the Forests as Nurseries for the Growth of Timber; or the Alternative of selling them, and investing their Produce in the Funds: But if, on the other Hand, it should be found that an increased Demand has not the same Effect in creating a Supply of Timber, as of other Articles capable of being increased by the Means of Industry; and that, though the Demand is increasing, there has been a gradual Decline in the Quantity produced, if no permanent Supply can be relied on from private Property; and if it is unsafe, and unwise, to suffer this Country to become dependant on Foreign Powers, for what is essential to its own Defence, the better Management and Improvement of the Royal Forests, as Nurseries of Timber, becomes a Measure, not of Choice, but of Necessity, a Matter, in which the Safety of the Country is concerned, and to which it is the Duty of Government to attend.

We had not advanced far in this Enquiry, before we saw Reason to believe that a Decrease in the Quantity of Timber was by no Means confined to the Royal Forests; but that the general Stock of large Timber, growing on private Property, was also, from various Causes, lessening rapidly; and that the Apprehensions of an approaching Scarcity were but too well founded. Under the Impression of this Danger, we deemed it our Duty to recommend that all those Forests in which the Crown has reserved any very considerable Share of the Property, or which are situated near to any of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, should be retained, and to suggest such Plans of future Management and Improvement, as appeared to us best adapted to the peculiar Circumstances of each, and likely to procure the largest Supply of Timber, at the least Expence or Risk to the Public; not thinking that any Advantage which could be derived from the Sale or Cultivation of the Land was worthy of Consideration, when compared with that great National Object.

But though the Information we had received of a general Decrease of Great Timber in this Country was sufficient to convince us of the Expediency of keeping those Forests in the Possession of the Crown, we thought it right to continue our Enquiries on that Subject; and, wishing to guard against the Hazard of exciting an unnecessary Alarm in a Matter of so much Consequence, wc resolved to postpone any Report on the general State of the Timber, until our Information should be so complete, as, in our Opinion, to remove any Doubt which might be entertained on the Subject.

Having finished our Enquiries concerning this Branch of our Duty, we now propose to lay the Result of them before the Legislature; and, as this Report will, unavoidably, be of considerable Length,

and will embrace a Variety of Objects, distinct in Eleventh Report themselves, though connected with the generaV Sub- the Board ot ject, we shall, for the greater Perspicuity, divide the^an tVLDUt* Substance of it into Five Parts.

ist. In the First Part we shall give the Information we have collected relative to the State of Timber in this Country, in former Times, as well as at present, marking its gradual Decline, and suggesting ^vis£nf of th" what appear to us to be the Causes of a Decrease in Cp° the Quantity, notwithstanding an increased Demand.

2dly, We shall give a very brief Account of the Laws now in being concerning Timber on private Property, as well as of those relating to the Forests; with some Observations on the Tendency and Effect of those Laws.

3dly, We shall give the best Account we are able of the Consumption of Oak Timber in this Country, particularly for Naval Purposes.

4thly, We shall endeavour to shew what Supply may be expected for the Navy, from the Royal Forests, in future; and what Profit may arise to the Public, if proper Plans shall be adopted for their Improvement.

And, 5thly, We propose to point out such Means of preventing Waste in the Consumption of Naval Timber, and providing such Substitutes in case of a Scarcity of Oak, as appear to us deserving of the Attention of Government.

PART I-1.

Of the State of Timber in this Country in former Times, and at present.

In this Investigation it is to be lamented that no General Survey was ever made of the Whole of the Timber growing in England at any One Time; as such a Survey, compared with our present Information, might have led to almost certain Conclusions with respect to the supposed Decrease.

The Evidence of the State of the Timber in former Timber in former Times must be drawn from different Authorities, and Times-from a Number of detached Circumstances, concurring to shew the various Degrees of Plenty, at different Periods, in proportion to the Demand.

Not wishing to swell this Report with numerous Extracts, we propose only to refer, very briefly, to such Authorities as may be necessary to shew the Effect of the Progress of Agriculture and Population upon the State of the Timber in this Country, from which a Judgment may the more easily be formed of the Truth of the Opinion we shall give.

This Country, like every other Country capable of producing Trees, is described, in the earliest Accounts of it, to have been covered with Wood; and even in the Reign of William the Conqueror, when considerable Advancement had been made in Cultivation, the Woods were still so numerous and extensive, as to be valued, not by the Quantity of the Timber, or of what could be Annually felled, but by the Number of Swine which the Acorns could maintain*.

An eminent Writer on this Subject, speaking of Evelyn’s Sylva. the State of the Woods and Timber in this Country,

Julius Caesar.

Camden. Domesday Book.

in

C/ienth. Rex W. tea Elesford. See. Silua. LXX. pore.

Rex W\ ten Middeitune. &c. Silua. CCXX. pore.

Rex W. ten Favcrsliant. See. Silua C. pore.

Arcliieps Cantuar. ten Otefort. in dnio. Sec. Silua. CL. pore.

Ipse Arcliieps. ten. Sondresse. Sec. Silua. LX. pore.

Ipse Arcliieps. ten. Rix. &c. Silua. C. pore.

Ipse Arcliieps. ten. Erliede. &c. Silua. XL. pore.

Ipse Archieps. ten. liroteham. &c. Silua rjdo fructific qingent. pore.

Domesday Book, VoL I. fol.

Vo 1. 47-

3 V

4

Dr. Hunter*

Chap. 16.

Timber formerly a Source of Revenue to the Crown.

Sales by James I. Surveys of Timber on the Estates of the Crown.

Appendix, NT,

in the Time of Edwat'dthe Fourth, near 400 Years after the compiling of Domesday, says, " England was then an overgrown Country;" and the well-informed Editor of the Works of Evelyn observes, that " the first Attack of any Consequence " made upon our Trees," was in the 27th of Henry the Eighth, when that King seized the Possessions of the Monasteries, and converted them to his own Use, disposing of all the Timber.

That Measure was followed by a continued, and, we believe, an uninterrupted Increase of Consumption of Oak Timber, not only in Consequence of the gradual Extension of Commerce, and of Additions to the Royal Navy, but of more being also made Use of in House-building during the 16th and 17th Centuries, than in earlier Times.

Holingslied, who lived in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, says, in his Description of that, " In

" Times past, Men were contented to dwell in " Houses builded of Sallow, Willow, so that " the Use of Oak was, in a Manner, dedicated " wholly unto Churches, Religious Houses, Princes " Palaces, Navigation, &c.; but now'. Sallow, &c. " are rejected, and nothing but Oak is any where " regarded."

The Quantity of Timber having also been considerably diminished, the Price advanced; and, during the last mentioned Reign, the Timber in the Royal Forests became a Source of some Revenue to the Crown.

In the Time of James the First this Fund increased, and, becoming more an Object of Attention, many Plans were suggested, for rendering the Forests still more productive.

In 1608, that King, being desirous to raise Money by a Sale of Timber, directed a Survey to be made of all that was then fit for felling, in the Royal Forests, and other Estates of the Crown, in order to discover what Quantities might be spared, leaving a sufficient Stock for the Supply of the Royal Navy. Those Surveys, which are still preserved in a Collection of Papers left by Sir Julius Chancellor of the Exchequer to that King, and which were purchased by John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General, and lent to us by William Morion Esquire,

were taken by Surveyors of the first Character, recommended by, ana acting under the Controul of,

Persons of high Rank, Members of the Privy Council, to whom the Superintendence of this Work, in different Districts of the Kingdom, was committed; and those Surveys are the first written Documents of which we think it necessary to take particular Notice.

Various Memorandums in the same Collection shew', however, that the Whole was not completed. Neither the large and valuable Forest of Dean, nor that of JPhichuood, were comprised in those Sur-

veys; nor did they include the Timber on any Estate, w here the Quantity did not exceed what was deemed necessary for the Purposes of such Estate. In many of them the Number of Loads of Timber is not particularly mentioned; but that Defect we are enabled, in some Degree, to supply, from the Total Value of the Timber being given in every Survey, and the Current Price in some of them, which appears to have been about io.y. per Load for Oak; except in some Parts of the Country near,

where the Demand for Building Timber and Firewood

rendered it somewhat more valuable. Es(/mating the

Timber at that Rate, and the Firewood at 2^. per

Load, which appears to have been the Average

Prices, there must have been then growing on the

Part of the Crown’s Estate that was surveyed, about

649,880 Loads of Oak Timber fit for the Navy, and Appendix, Nj 1,4,5.

1,148,660 Loads of what was dotard and decayed.

These Surveys furnish the most authentic and convincing Information, both as to the Effect of the Management under which the Royal Forests were then kept, and as to the general Plenty of Timber in the Kingdom, in proportion to the Demand for it.

The great Store of Timber is, in some Degree, a Proof of the Care which had been taken of the Forests; and, under such Management, the great Number of Trees allowed to stand till they had become dotard and decayed, and fit only for Fuel, cannot be accounted for in any other Way, than from tha Quantity then growing being far greater than the Uses of the Country could consume. It w'as the Practice, in those Times, Annually to make Sales of Wood and Timber, for the Benefit of the Crown; and Queen Elizabeth was too good an (Economist, and her Successor too needy, to have allowed any great Quantity, fit for felling, to remain unsold, if there had been a Demand for it. We find also, from other Documents, that a great Part of what was intended to be sold in 160S, remained for a considerable Time undisposed of.

The Current Prices mentioned in some of the Surveys, furnish another unquestionable Proof of the great Plenty of Timber at that Time, w hen compared with the present. The Rate of io,y. a Load, for Oak „ . , .

r 1 1 x- 1 . , Prices of OaK IB

tit tortlie rsavy, winch is not more than One Eighth 160S.

Part of the present Average Price of such Timber*, appears not to have been any temporary depressed Value, in Consequence of that extensive Sale, but to have continued pretty nearly the current Price of Timber for a Number of Years alter. In 1638, Charles the la i<j9.

First sold to Sir JohnIVintour the Timber growing in

r o

Dean Forest, reserving to himself 15,000 Tons for the Navy, under this Condition; " that what was short of " that Proportion should be made good by the Grantee at q.v. per Ton, or the King to take more that " Rate:" And in a Report of a Committee of the House of Commons, in 1664, concerning that Grant, In l66+* the Timber in general is estimated at 13 s. 4 only, Journals, Vol. 8. and that which was fit for the Navy, taken by itself, 2sPMay°1664.. at 15$. per Ton.

We have endeavoured to trace the Periods at which Increase in the Price the great Increase in the Price of Timber, and the Di- of Timber, munition in the Quantity since the Reign of Charles the First, took Place; and we find that the first great Advance in the Price happened soon after the Ilestora- Evelyn, tion. This is ascribed, by the Writers of the Time, pamph?er w the to the Devastation made by the contending Parties, improvement of during the Civil Wars. The Commissioners of the Forests, &c.by S. T. Navy, at that Time, alarmed by the Prospect of a omon>,51* Want of Timber for the Dock Yards, represented the Situation to the Royal Society, requesting them to suggest a Remedy; and Evelyn, a Member of that So- prices from 166410 ciety, whose valuable Writings on Forest Trees were 1704. published at different Times, from 1664 to 1 704, and who must himself have been a Witness of that Destruction of Timber, says, " This Waste and Devastation was so universal, that nothing less than an universal Plantation of all Sorts of Trees could supply,

Note. — It may, perhaps, be thought that a considerable Part of this Difference in Price is to be accounted for by a Decrease in the Smith’s Wealth of Value of Money since that Time; but, if it be true that the Price of Corn is the best Measure of the Value of Silver, it does not appear Nations, that the Opinion of a great Decrease in the Value of Money since that Time, at least till within a few Years past, is well founded. A Fleetwood's Chroni-

Shilling contained the same Quantity of Silver in the Time of James 1st, as it does now; and the Average Price of the best Wheat at Windsor con Pretiosum.

Market, for 51 Years, from 1595101646, was 2/. os. 3 d.the Quarter, which is higher than the Average Price fur the last 51 Years; Tneth or. Corn Trade, and even for the last 18 Y'ears the Average Price has only been 2/ 4$. gd. for Middling Wheat, anil 2/. 8 gd. (ot Wheat of the -1" t'on' 1-,l'vs-

best Quality; so that a Load of Timber fit for the Navy will purchase at least Six Times as much Wheat now, as a Load of the same Kind of TimLer would have purchased in the Time of James 1st, or of Charles 1st.

13° Februarii.

32 Geo. III.

267

vt not*.

" or would encounter, the Defectand he adds, " Who to would now be allowed, we were obliged to have Klov.ntl» Report " would not preserve Timber, when, within a few Recourse to other Modes of Enquiry; and we have en- "{

" Years, the Price has quadrupled?" deavoured to make up for the Want of an actual Stir- ~l" ‘e'*

Wishing to ascertain, from Official Documents, vey, by procuring Information from as many different what Prices were paid by Government for Naval Tim- Sources as possible. A general Concurrence in such In-ber, as far back as any Accounts of such Transactions formation may, perhaps, like circumstantial Evidence in have been kept, wc applied to the Commissioners of Matters of Judicature, be ns convincing, and deserving the Navy, by whom we were informed, that the earliest of Confidence, as that which, though more direct anti Accounts of that Nature remaining in their Office be- positive, must depend on the Accuracy or Fairness of gin from the Restoration; and we obtained the Peru- individual Testimony.

sal of their Contract Books, from 1663 to 1665, from The Commissioners of the Navy, in Answer to our Third Report, N\ 3

which it appears that they bought straight and Enquiries, informed us that the Accounts they had re-

compass Timber at various Prices, from 21. to ceived, of a general Decline in the Quantity of Great Opinion of the Navy 21. 15 s.6 d. per Load; and Knee Timber, from Timber, corresponded with ours; and wc obtained the Board of a De-

21. 15 s.to 3/. 2 s.6d. per Load. Those Books, Perusal of the Answers which had been returned to crease ot ,mb-r-

therefore, confirm the Account of the Prices men- them, by their Purveyors, and Correspondents. That

tioned by Evelyn. Board having made some Progress in a similar Enquiry,

Gradiul increase of From that Time the Value seems to have risen, gra- and having at all Times had the Charge of providing dually, till 1756, when the Contract Prices for the the Timber requisite for the Construction of the Navy,

Purchase of Oak Timber for the Navy were fixed at their Opinion, founded on so much Experience, and the Rates now paid, of which an Account is given in such numerous and extensive Transactions, is undoubt-

Prices till 1756.

Appendix, N° 6.

the Appendix. No Alteration has since taken Place, except in the Articles of Plank and Thickstuff, on Additional Price for which there has been an Addition of l oper Load; ctrtJin n s. but the Navy Board, finding Timber difficult to be

edly entitled to the greatest Consideration.

The Purveyors employed by the Navy Board, who Opinion of Purvey-survey and mark every Piece of Timber before it is °rs. sent to the Dock Yards, having the best Opportunities

procured near to the Dock Yards, or conveniently for to be minutely acquainted with the Slate of the (treat

Allowance for long Water Carriage, instead of advancing the Price of the

tirriage,

Timber, have made an Allowance to the Timber Merchants for long Carriage, of One Half of the Surplus Expence of Carriage of sided Timber, Thick-stuff, Plank, and Knees, where it exceeds 38 Load, as far as 155. the Navy Board paying from is.

Present State of Timber.

Timber in every Part of the Country, we thought it right to question them still more particularly; and their Answers tend to confirm the Opinion given by Appendix, N"7. the Commissioners of the Navy.

We applied also to some of the most extensive Dealers N" *» 9> *° in Timber, to Land Surveyors, and to some of the prin- survrT--"

to js. 6d. per Load, according to the actual Cost of eipal Ship Builders; and they all concur in representing ors, siiip-Buiidcis.

the Carriage. the Timber to be in a declining State through the V hole

Before we make any Remark on this Permanency of of this Kingdom, the Contract Prices for Naval Timber, during so long But though the Testimony of so many w ell-informed a Period as 34 Years, while most other Articles of Con- Men, in different Situations, and whose Interests arc sumption have been rising in Value, we think it right also different, seemed to afford a very strong Presump-to add to the short History we have given of the State tion that the Apprehensions of a Scarcity were too well of the Timber in this Country, and the Prices in for- founded, wc wished to have still more particular and

local Information; and, with this View, we wrote to

Common* Journals Vol. 33. p, 146. Comn ittec on Timber in 1771.

Commons Reports, Vol. 3- P- *5*

Journals, Vol. 33.

P- 357-

Committee gave no Opinion.

mer Times, some Account of its present State, and the Prospect of a future Supply.

In the Year 1771, the Public Attention having been drawn to this Subject, a Committee of the House of Commons was appointed to consider how His Majesty’s Navy might be better supplied with Timber, and to report their Opinion. Whoever reads the Evidence which was brought before that Committee, must be satisfied that enough was proved to suggest Apprehensions of a Scarcity, at no very distant Time. It appears, however, from the Journals, that the Committee moved the House to have that Part of the Order discharged, which required them to report an Opinion. This extreme Caution was perhaps unfortunate for the Country; for, if they had given the Opinion which must have suggested itself upon Consideration of the Information before them, some Means would probably have been taken by Government for increasing the Quantity, and providing a permanent Supply of 'limber; and, with that View some Plan might, perhaps, have been adopted, for the Improvement or better Management of the Royal Forests, a Measure strongly recommended by several of the Persons examined on that Occasion, and by which, at least, the Waste which has since taken Place in those Forests might have been prevented; but it is worthy of Remark, that though that Enquiry was instituted solely with a View to provide for the better Supply of limber for the Navy, nothing effectual was done to promote that Object.

Finding from the Report of that Committee, that the Navy Hoard had attempted to have a General Survey made of all the Timber growing on private Estates in England, but had been interrupted by the Proprietors

Information

the Chairmen of the Quarter Sessions of every County in England and JI'ales, addressing to them such Questions as we thought best calculated to bring out the full Information we wished for. To these we earnestly requested that the Attention of the Gentlemen of the County might be called, and that their collective Sentiments might be transmitted to us.

From the Answers we have received from each Appendix, Nr it i

County, which are given at length in the Appendix, Of the Quarter Scs- . it will lie found, that there has been within Memory County/* a great Decrease of Oak limber, of all Sizes, in every j

Part of England, but that great Naval Timber has decreased more than any other; and limber in *

Hedge Rows, which is the most valuable for Naval Uses, in a still greater Proportion than Timber grow- !

ing in Woods; that the Stock of Great limber is now’ so much, and so generally diminished, in most Counties, that they will not be able to continue to furnish so large a Supply as they have done of late Years; that Foreign Fir limber is now much more used than formerly, particularly in House Ruilding; that the Price of Underwood has risen, notwithstanding the more general Use of Coal for Fuel; and that in some Counties it is not uncommon to fell the Oak Trees when young, not suffering them to stand so long as to be of Use to the Navy, for fear of their overshading and destroying the Underwood; that, notwithstanding the Advance in the Price of Timber.

Tillage is gradually extended, and the Quantity of Woodland lessened; and that the Plantations which are now made, are more generally for Ornament than Use, and of quick-growing Trees, in preference to Oak for the Navy.

This Mass of concurring Evidence from every Part

before they had got through the Second County, and seeing no Reason to expect that what was then objected of England\ and from Men of every Description, who Vol. 47. have

268 13° Februa1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

v ----- --- xx ----- -'

Causes of the Decrease.

Permanencyof Prices paid by the Navy-Board.

Appendix, N°v 8, 9, io, ii.

How to be accounted for.

Appendix, N°i2.

have any Dealings in Timber, either as Buyers or Sellers, or who are likely to have any Information, concerning either its Growth or Consumption, we apprehend ran hardly leave a Doubt in the Mind of any Person, that there is a great and general Decrease in the Quantity of large Naval Timber, notwithstanding the additional and growing Demand: And this Decrease is the m^re alarming, and calls the more for the Attention of the Public, from its being occasioned, not by any temporary Causes, but by such as will probably render it in future still more general and rapid. It is owing to an Extension of Tillage, rendered necessary by an Increase of Population; to an improved System of Farming, in consequence of which Fields are enlarged, and Hedge Hows are grubbed up; to the quick Returns of the Profits of Agriculture, and the very remote Prospect of Advantage from planting with a View to Naval Timber; to the Facility with which this Country is supplied from other Countries, with Fir 'l imber, which at less Expence answers for House Building, and many of the Purposes to which Oak was formerly applied; to the increased Demand and' present high Price of Bark, which appears to have been no more than 2 s. the Cart Load in the Time of the First, and

is now from ,50 s.to 3/. per Coppice Load, weighing from 7 to 11 Hundreds, according to the Quality of the Bark; to the great and constant Consumption of Oak Timber before it reaches the large Sizes necessary for the Navy; to the additional Demand for smaller Timber, occasioned by the vast Increase of Shipping for the Merchant Service, and the Prohibition of the Use of American-buWt Ships; to the general Habits of Dissipation and Expence, which render it unlikely that what can be sold with Advantage at any Time, will in many Instances be allowed to remain unsold for 100 Years; to the Practice of Land Jobbers and Adventurers, in buying Estates on Speculation, and stripping them of their Timber and Wood, to repay Part of the Price; and to a variety of Causes, which must be expected to increase, while this Country continues to advance in Commerce, Population, and Wealth.

One Circumstance only, in the Account we have given, appears to us still to require particular Explanation, and that is, that notwithstanding the Decrease in the Quantity of Great Timber, which is so fully proved, the Contract Prices given by the Navy Board have not been raised since 1 756. This must seem the more extraordinary, from its being also proved, by every Information we have received, that the Current Prices of Timber, of all Kinds and Dimensions, have risen within that Time; for it cannot be supposed that Government has really been supplied on better Terms, than well-informed Individuals, acting for themselves; and the Difference between the Contract and the Current Prices of Great Timber, we apprehend, can hardly be accounted for in any other Way than by supposing, that notwithstanding all the Care taken by the Navy Board, to procure Timber on low Terms for the Public, some extraordinary Advantage is obtained by the Contractors, on some Articles, in consequence of the complicated Nature of the Contracts, which at least makes up for this apparent Difference.

It may, however, still seem surprising, that if there has been a great Decrease in the Quantity of Oak Timber, the Prices should not, in the last Thirty-four Years, have risen even more than they have done; especially since there undoubtedly has been, within that Time, a great Addition to the Demand for Naval Timber, both from an increased Navy, and a more extended Commerce; but this is, perhaps, to be accounted for by the following Circumstances:

It appears that soon after the Restoration a Spirit for Planting was excited and diffused, by the Writings of Evelyn* \ and the Ministers at the Time,

alarmed by the Devastation which had been committed during the Civil Wars, gave great Attention to the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the Royal Forests, particularly the Forest of Dean; and as it is almost universally allowed that Oak Trees, to grow to a Size fit for the Navy, require from 80 to 150 Years, according to the Quality of the Soil, it is probable that the vast Quantities of Great Timber consumed by our Navy, during the present Reign, were chiefly the Produce of the Plantations made between the Restoration and the End of the last Century, on private Property, in almost every Part of England, as well as in the Royal Forests. Unfortunately, however, the Spirit and Attention which then prevailed, did not last beyond that Time; and there is, perhaps, too much Reason to apprehend that when that Source shall be exhausted, the Quantity required for the Supply of our Navy w ill not easily be found in this Country.

The Improvements in Roads and Navigable Ca- Consequences of the nals, within the last 40 Years, tend also to account ^’<5° am^NaVi^ for the Supply of the increased Demand for Naval gable Canals, 'limber, without any considerable Addition to the Price. By lessening the Expence of Carriage, they have enabled the internal Barts of the Country to send 'limber to the Dock Yards, which prior to those Improvements could only be made use of near to the Places where it grew. It is the Quantity brought to Market, not the Stock existing in the Country, which must regulate the Price; and if there arc Circumstances which render that Quantity for a Time greater than can be permanently supplied, if the Wants of the Country, not satisfied with the Supply of 'l imber which can be Annually furnished from its present Resources, are every Year encroaching on the Stock, though the immediate Demand be answered, we may be in Danger of future Want, and may not feel our Necessities till it is too late.

What we have stated are Circumstances which must have tended to keep down the Price of Timber, even at a fair Market, and where a Competition existed; J->ttle Compton but the Commissioners of the Navy, having no Timber.31 Naval considerable Competitor in the Purchase of great Naval'l imber, except the East India Company, they must necessarily have it in their Power, in a great Measure, to regulate the Price; and their Conduct has been well calulated to obtain the Naval Timber for the Public at a low Rate. Having gradually Measures of the Navy stored up, during Peace, a great Quantity in the KUe^ntb^Pr^ce Dock Yards, and continuing at all Times to purchase what was offered, without varying the Price, they have avoided the Danger of being obliged, on any Emergency, to raise it; and by paying a Part of the Expence of long Carriage, they have greatly widened the Field of Supply.

But though these Measures have, during the last Consequenceofthose Thirty-four Years, occasiond a considerable Saving Measures, to the Public, it may be doubted whether they have a Tendency to provide a permanent Supply for the Navy; for, though well contrived for obtaining Great Timber at a reasonable Price, as long as the present Stock shall last, it is in Part owing to them that the Price of Oak is not as high, when compared with the Price of Corn, as it naturally should be, in Consequence of the Lateness of the Return. It is in Part owing to them, therefore, that Woodlands arc diminished, and Tillage extended; they must, in some

Degree,

u I need not acquaint your Majesty lmw many Millions of Timber Trees, beside infinite others, have been propagated and planted throughout your vast Dominions, at the Instigation, and by the sole direction of this Work."

Evelyn's Dedication to Charles II.

5 th December 1678.

Smith's Wealth of Nations.

hcrease of Planting not to be expected.

Tillage extended ind Woods lessened, nconsequence of the Prosperity of the Country.

Three Periods.

1 First Period, prior to 1535. Timber of little Value 20 Hen. III.

13 Ed. I. c. 6. Confirmed by 3 & 4 i Ed. VI. c. 3.

Second Period, fre m 1515^1700. Eawiforrhe Increase of Timber.

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

269

Degree, prove a Discouragement to the planting of and Preservation, but which, according to the mis- I'W.-mh Nepm-t Oak; and they have an obvious Tendency to prevent taken Policy of those Times, imposing Restraints, on k'-'uw more from being allowed to reach the large Sizes re- the Use and Management of private Property, nave 7 ’,

quired for the Navy, by making it the Interest of every been attended with no beneficial Piled, ana nave

Person who has any Timber, to cut it while it is of a long been very generally disregarded, lly these Acts, J5 Hen. vni. c. 17-

Size for which there is a Competition. the Owners of Woods in which others have Common

We know it is not an uncommon Opinion, nor unsup- of Pasture are prohibited from telling such M oods, ported by Writers of great Authority, that a Decrease until a Fourth Part of them has been set out, divided, of the Quantity of Timber, in Proportion to the Demand and inclosed; and those Inclosures are required to be for it, supposing it were proved, is an Evil which must preserved for Nine Years. Penalties are inflicted for produce its own Cure; and tfiat, as the Quantity lessens, injuring, destroying, or carrying away, any Timber

the Price must rise, and give Encouragement to new, Trees or Underwoods. The Owners of all Coppices 15 ciu. IJ. c. *.

and more extensive Plantations, which must again supply felled at *24 Years Growth, or under, are required to a II, C"

leave on every Acre 1 2 Staiulils or Storers, which are not to be cut before they become Ten Inches square,

Three Feet trom the Ground. 1 he Owners of M oods or Coppices set with great Trees, above the Age of 24 Years, are to leave 12 Trees of Oak on every Acre, to remain 20 Years alter the felling of such M oods; the turning into Tillage or Pasture any Coppices or Underwoods of more than Two Acres, was prohibited.

1 j Fliz. c. I?.

?s Hen. VIII. e ir. 43 F.liz. c. 7.

35 Hm. VIII. c. 17.

the Demand.

But though the natural Consequence of a temporary Scarcity of Corn, or of any other Produce of Land, of which a Supply can be obtained in One Year, is, that more Land is immediately converted to the Production of those Articles, by which the Evil is soon remedied, there are many Circumstances which prevent a similar Effect from a Scarcity of Great Naval Timber. The Expence of planting and fencing against Injury from Cattle, the Passion of the Day in Favour of Improvements in Agriculture and Pleasure Ground, and the remote Prospect of a Return of Profit, never to be expected during the Life of the Planter, counteract the Inducement to plant; and Men are naturally driven to other Resources which are more immediate. The Deficiency is supplied, by gradually importing a greater Quantity from other Countries, in which Cultivation is not so far advanced, and where some of the best of the Soil is still covered with Wood; and this Foreign Supply, by preventing the Price from rising so high as it would otherwise do, in consequence of the Decrease at Home, lessens, at the same 'lime, the Expectation of Advantage to be derived from plant-

under heavy Penalties; and the Exportation of Mood J F.ifz. c. 1*5.'C' without Licence, or the converting any sound 'l imber *1 F.liz. c. ?. Free, of One Foot square, into Coal lor the making vEhz. c. 19. of Iron, are strictly prohibited.

Among the Acts which impose Restraints on the Management of Woods on private Property, may also be considered that, by which the felling of Oak Trees 1 ja I. c. 2 . at any other Time than between the first Day and the last Day of June, was prohibited in all Places

where Bark was worth 2 s.a Cart Load, over and

above the Charges of barking and pilling, except l imber to be employed in building or repairing Houses,

.Ships, or Mills; and among the Laws lor the Encouragement of the Growth of Timber, we must reckon that by which Timber and Bark are exempted from the

ing, especially of Ground already profitably employed Payment ot 1 ythes; and also the several Acts by which

in Agriculture

On the most attentive Consideration of the Subject, and of all the Materials we have collected, we think ourselves w arranted in forming this Conclusion, That in consequence of the Prosperity of this Country, and of its progressive Advancement in Population and Industry, there has been, from early times, a gradual Extension of Tillage and Pasture, and a gradual Diminution of the M ood and Timber; and that this is an Effect naturally to be expected in every future Stage of its Improvement.

PART ID.

Of the Laws relative to Timber on private Property, and to the Royal Forests.

In reviewing the State of Timber in this Country from the earliest Times, and perusing the Acts of Parliament which have been passed relative to it, there appear to be Three distinct Periods.

The First Period comprehends the Time preceding the Year 1.*;}^ when Henry the Eighth seized the Possessions of the Monasteries.

The Second Period may be reckoned from that Time to the End of the last Century.

And the Third from thence to the present Time.

During the First of these Periods Timber appears to have been of little or no Value; and, though various Acts of Parliament were passed, empowering the Owners of Woods and Waste Lands in which others had Common of Pasture, leaving sufficient for the Commoners, to u inclose and approve’ the Residue, we do not find any Laws for encouraging the Growth of Timber until after the End of the Period first mentioned.

During the Second Period, the Quantity of Timber

Duties are imposed on the Importation of Foreign Timber.

By many Acts passed during the Third Period, Pe- Third Pc.-io.f, naltics are imposed for injuring, destroying, or carrying 1700101792. away any Timber "Frees or Underwood; and the 6 g<o. r. c. +i6*. King, and all other Owners of W astes, W oods, spul 9 Geo. l. c. Pastures, wherein there is Right of Common, are ‘^9^mCt'3&' enabled, with the Assent of a Majority in Number 6Ge! jij. c. 36. and Value of the Commoners, to inclose any Part of &

such W astes, W oods, and Pastures, lor the Growth and fiir the Protcc. Preservation of Timber or Underwood, upon such tion of Timber. Conditions as may be agreed on between the Parties interested.

During the Course of our Enquiries, many Plans Plans suggested for have been suggested to us for promoting and in- increasing the

.. ~ , . 1 r Growth ut Timber.

creasing the Growth ot Oak. — A more strict Execution of the Act of Henry the Eighth, by which every Proprietor of Woods is required to leave Twelve Standils on every Acre, at the Cutting of the Underwood, has been recommended by some; — and others have advised that Premiums should be given by Government.

But with regard to the first of those Propositions, Objections we cannot believe that the Interference of Government, to put Restraints on the Disposal or Management of any particular Kind of Produce, would be a likely W ay to promote its Increase; nor should we suppose that much Security of a Provision of Timber for the Navy, in future Times, would be derived from allowing Premiums for the planting of Oaks, which must stand 100 Years, before they become fit for Naval Use, and j

which must he, all that Time, at the free Disposal of the Proprietor.

This, however, is not the only Objection we have to this Mode of encouraging the Growth of Oak.

It appears from a late Report of the Committee of Report of Committee j

the Privy Council on the Corn Laws, that, for the of'Council 1790, having , been considerably diminished, various Laws last 18 Years, all the Land hitherto cultivated in this ^^cien"for were enacted, which had for their Object its Increase Country does not produce a sufficient Supply for the auction of Com. Vol. 47. 3 Z Inhabitants;

Cioogie

270

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

V__________J

Inhabitants ‘r and that large Quantities of Corn are an Object of the Care and Protection of Government; Annually imported. Under such Circumstances, Pre- and the Laws passed within that Period, for the Im-miums to extend the Wood, and lessen the Quantity provement of and New Forests, contain very wise

of Tillage, can hardly be thought advisable: But, if Means could be found to encourage the Improvement of uncultivated Land, some Addition to the Quantity of Timber, as well as to the Corn, would probably be derived from it. Under the Acts of 29th and 31st

Division of Wastes and Commons.

Royal Forest Laws concerning the m.

9 Hen. III. st. 2.

33 Ed. I. st. 5.

34. Ed. I. st. 5.

1 EJ. III. st. 2. a5 Ed. III. st. 5. 43 Ed. III. st. 5. 46 Ed. III.

7 Ric. II. c. 3.

22 Ed. IV. C. 7.

Regulations for the Increase and Preservation of the Timber.

In consequence of the Act for Dean Forest, passed Act for the improve , in 1668, Eleven thousand Acres were speedily in- Jo*Cha. il!*". j?** ’ closed, and planted, and the Trees in them regu-George II. enabling the Owners of Wastes, Woods, larly thinned, and protected, ’till they were past and Commons, by Agreement with the Commoners, Danger from Cattle; and in New Forest, immediately to inclose any Part thereof, for the Growth of Tim- after the passing of the Act in 1698, One thousand Act for^.wIfIor<sf’ her, some Benefit has arisen, but the Difficulty of Acres were also inclosed and planted. But so sudden 3<|° obtaining the Consent of a Majority of the Com- was the Change in the Management of the Forests, moners prevents the good Effects of k from being after the Commencement of the present Century, that very general; and any Law which would render the the Inclosures which had been made in New Forest Division of Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, on which were neglected, and the Trees suffered to grow up so there are Rights of Common, more easy to be ob- close, for Want of proper Thinning, that few of them tained, and at less Expence than at present, would, are likely ever to be fit for the Use of the Navy; and jth Report, we apprehend, be the most effectual which could be though the Act provided that 2,000 Acres should be

inclosed within Two Years, and Two hundred Acres more, Yearly, for 20 Years following, making 6,000 Acres within that Time, no other Inclosures, besides the first 1,000 Acres, were made for more than 50 Years afterwards. Both these Acts contained Powers maintained chiefly as Places of Sport for our Kings, for making farther Inclosures, on throwing open these and have always been subject to Laws and Regula- first planted, when the Trees should be past Danger tions peculiar to themselves. The Acts concerning from Deer and Cattle, and, under those Powers, the them, passed during the first mentioned Period, like Whole of Dean Forest, containing 23,000 Acres, those relative to private Property, do not appear to might, before this Time, have been successfully in-have had the Increase or Preservation of Timber for closed, and completely covered with Great Timber, their Object; but were intended principally for the and not less than 24,000 Acres planted in New Forest,

Protection of the Deer, or the Regulation of the in Addition to the former Woods: Yet these valuable Rights of Common enjoyed by the Inhabitants within Powers have been so far neglected, that there are now, the Regard of the Forests. " Much of these," says in Dean , only Four small Inclosures, contain- prwentlndosuresin " ..... ' ing about 660 Acres; and the Whole of the Planta- Dean New

O ' T?_.

passed for the Increase of Timber on private Property, particularly of Hedge Row Timber, which, as we have before observed, is the most valuable for Naval Purposes.

The Royal Forests were formerly considered and

tions in New Forest, since those first made, contain Forests‘ only 2,274 Acres, of which about 800 Acres are entirely destroyed by Rabbits, bred by the Keepers for their own Profit.

But w hat relates to the careful Management of the system of Manage-Forests in former Times, and particularly during the meat of the Forests.

Restrictions on

Evelyn, speaking of the Forest Laws, " concerned the " Royal Game, when, as to the Timber Trees, the " whole Island was almost but one vast Forest, and " Wood so abounding, that what People might have had " almost for carrying off the Ground it grew on, is now " so scarce in those very Places, as that Fuel is sold by " Weight."

The Rights of Common were exercised under such latter Part of the last Century, when various Officers so the SFore^trm011 Limitations as rendered them by no Means inconsistent co-operated in the Superintendance of them; the un-with the Purposes for which the Forests were then kept, fortunate Change which took Place at the Beginning of Man wood, Pa. *19. The Cattle of the Commoners were entitled only to the present Century, when the Forests were left under the Surplus Herbage, above what was necessary for the the sole Management of a Surveyor General, without Deer. They were not allowed to be in the Forest any effectual Check or Controul; the subsequent Re- From tj Days be- during the Fawning* Month, in Summer, nor during laxation, and Neglect, in the Officers in the Department;

Midsummer D^y*f"r T>me of Winter f Haining; and no greater Number the unwise and improvident Mode of paying them by t From ix Novem- were to be sent from any Estate than that Estate could Fees, Perquisites, and Poundages, instead of Salaries;

maintain, levant and couchantthereon, at all Times of the Waste of the Timber, and Profusion in the Expen-the Year. No Sheep or Goats were allowed to be diture, on all Works done in the Forests, which have admitted at any Time; nor any Stoned Horses under been the natural Consequences of that absurd System, a certain Size; and Swine were admitted only during are all so fully taken Notice of in our former Reports, the Time of Pannage J. For Fuel, the Commoners that we shall forbear to make any further Observations jd, jth. sith, and 7th could only take dead Wood, bearing no Green on them, or to suggest the Alterations which we shall Rel)ort8,

Chart.Forest.Art. 8. Hue; and though the Timber, from its great Plenty, think it our Duty to propose in the general Management was of little Value, the Trees were protected, as of the Forests, until we have had the demised Estates affording Covert and Sustenance for the Deer. The fully under ponsideration; thinking it probable that Laws were extremely severe; and the Officers in every we may judge it expedient for the Public to recommend Forest so numerous, that an Offence could hardly escape that the Whole of the Landed Property of the Crown Detection. should be under the joint Superintendance of One Set of

Under such Management, little Prejudice to the Officers.

Property of the Crown could arise from Rights of At present, therefore, we shall only observe, that Common so limited. They appear, indeed, to have the Limitations on the Rights of Common in every been no more than a fair Compensation for the Injury Forest seem to have been lost Sight of, that numerous done by the Deer to the private Estates within the Encroachments have been made, and Intrusions and Perambulation of the Forest; and in that Light they Claims, originally ill founded, suffered to gain Strength,

were considered; for when any Estate became disaf- from long, and in many Cases, uninterrupted Posses-

forested, and no longer subject to the Range and Haunt sion; and that unless some Plan shall be speedily

of the Deer, it was by Law deprived of the Privilege adopted for the Prevention of those Abuses, the

of Common in the Part of the Forest belonging to the Rights of the Crown in the Forests will become of

Crown. little Value: That from the Year 1730 to 1787, the Appendix, N#ij«

As Timber increased in Value, during the Second Whole of the Forests, Parks, and Chaces belonging

ReTenue*tothfCe Period, and became a Source of Revenue to the to the Crown, furnished to the Dock Yards only 77>25

CrownUet° Crown, the Royal Forests were, on that Account also, Loads of Oak Timber, being, on an Average of 57

*- Years,

ber to May.

32 H. VIII. c. 13.

J From 15 Days before to 40 after Michaelmas Day.

33 Ed. I. st. 5,

1535 to 1700.

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii. ,271

Years, no more than 1,356 Loads Annually; that instead of yielding any clear Revenue to the Public, the Value of all they have produced has been expended on them, and a great Sum besides, taken from the Revenue of the demised Estates, so that they have hitherto been a Source of Expence, and not of Profit; and yet that they now contain much less Timber than in former Times.

A more striking Picture of the Decrease of Timber Eleventh Report in the Forests cannot, perhaps, be given, than by a °* ,lie Board ,of Comparison of the Survey in 1608, mentioned in the ^an<1 Bevcnuc. former Part of this Report, with another Survey taken by Order of the House of Commons in 1783, as to such of the Forests under our Consideration as were surveyed at both those Periods.

h 111 '

Sec Appendix, N° 14, and the Notes subjoined.

New Forest -Aliceholt and Bere Forest -Whittlewood Forest -Salcey Forest -Shencood Forest

In 1608. 1 In 1783.

Timber fit for Decayed Timber fit for Decayed

the Navy. Trees. the Navy. Trees.

Loads. Loads. Loads. Loads.

- - - - i»5,7>3 118,072 33,666 1,713

- - - - 13.208 23,934 6,985 5,924

- - - - 4,258 8,814 161 175

- - - - 45,568 3,472 4,820 7,200

- - - - 23,90! 1,673 2,497 5,653

- - m - 3'»58ov 111,180 2,326 14,889

» 234,229 265,145 50,455 35,554

or*’!;

Itl

:;tsh»

l

l

icdjti

I)'

So that the Quantity of Timber in 1783, in those Forests, was little more than One-sixth Part of what it was at the former Period.

In our Reports on the several Forests, we have proposed such Plans of Settlement with those who now enjoy Rights of Common, as we judged would be of Advantage to them, as well as to the Public. We have proposed that the Deer should be removed; and the Estates subject to the Burthen of the Forest Laws exonerated from every Forestrial Right; that in Return for both those Advantages to- the Commoners, the Inclosures for the Growth of Timber should be proportionably increased; and, as these Objects could not be attained without some Alteration in the Property of the Parties interested, that the Equivalent to be given for every such Change should be determined by Commissioners, or Arbitrators, chosen by the Crown and the Commoners, and acting on Oath, if the Terms proposed on the Part of the Crown should not be acceded to by those interested.

Jtasons for improv- In our Sixth Report we have observed that those igthe Forest*. Acts which relate only to ordinary Wastes and Commons, sufficiently shew the Desire of the Legislature to remove the Obstacles to Improvement; but that the Reasons for the Interposition of Parliament, in order to separate those mixed Rights, in the Royal Forests, are much more urgent than in other Property; for in ordinary Cases of Commons and Waste Lands, the Evil is confined to the Waste itself, but in the Royal Forests it extends much farther; the private Estates within the Perambulation suffer considerably from the Range of the Deer; and the unlimited Right of the Crown to increase the Number, not only subjects those Estates to still greater Injury, for which the Proprietors are at present without any Remedy, but puts it also in the Power of the Crown to render the Right of Pasture of little or no Value to them.

But besides these Reasons, which shew that the Settlements we have proposed are for the Advantage of the Parties interested, a far stronger Reason for the Interposition of Parliament remains: The Public Interest requires that such a Separation of Rights should be made, as will admit of the Improvement of the Forests for the Growth of Timber; and we have therefore ventured to give it as our Opinion, that even though, in some Instances, a Majority of those enjoying Right of Common in the Forests should not be prevailed upon to give their Consent to the Arrangements necessary for that Purpose, so great a National Object should not be lost or obstructed by the unreasonable Opposition of a few; but that such a Vo L. 47.

Share of each Forest, as shall be found to be equivalent to the just Rights of the Crown, should be set apart, and inclosed as a Nursery of Timber for the Navy, leaving it in the Option of the Commoners still to enjoy the Residue in Common, if they shall think that more advisable than to agree to a General Division.

PART IIId.

Of the Consumption of Oak Timber, and particularly for Naval Purposes.

The Consumption of Oak Timber in this Kingdom falls under Three General Heads.

The First comprises the Quantity required for the in- o£°n‘

ternal Purposes of the Country, in which Timber Timber." ° of all Sizes is used:

The Second, which is confined chiefly to the Timber of middling Size, includes what is employed in building Ships for the whole Trade of the Kingdom (except that of the Fast India Company; and for Transports and other Vessels employed in the Service of Government:

And the Third comprehends the Great Timber used in the Construction of Ships of War, and of those employed by the East India Company.

Any Attempt to ascertain the Quantity of the Timber First Head, consumed in the internal Uses of the Country would, Consumption for the

. r , . , - internal Uses of

we apprehend, be lound impracticable; and even it the Country, the Quantity could be ascertained, still, as no similar Estimate was ever made at any former Period, it would be impossible to give a comparative Statement, so as to shew the Increase or Diminution.

In what relates to the First Part, therefore, an Opinion can be founded only on general Observation and Enquiry.

The Consumption of Oak Timber in House-building In House-building, is certainly not so great as it was in the last Century.

In re-building London, after the Fire in 1666, no other Timber than Oak was allowed to be used, in the Roof, 19 Chl-n- c- 3 Door, Window Frames, or Cellar Floor of any House; but in the great Additions which have lately been made to the Capital, and to many other Towns in this Kingdom, a very small Proportion of Oak Timber has been made Use of.

Probably even within the last Forty Years, the Consumption of Oak Timber in Ruildmgs, in many

Parts

272

1.3° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

,1 K

Parts of England, has decreased. The Improvements in Roads, and Inland Navigation, which enable the

v_____ ______j internal Parts of the Country to send their Oak to the

Dock Yards, afford them at the same Time the Means Foreign Fir Timber, of importing, at less Expence, Foreign Fir Timber, Appendix, N°i;. which answers most of the Purposes of House-building perhaps as well as Oak. The annexed Account of Pine Timber and Deals imported into this Country, at Three different Periods, proves how rapid the Increase of the Consumption of Fir Timber has been within the last Seventy Years. The Books of the Custom House will shew that very little Foreign Oak is used in this Country. During the last Year, the Quantities imported were 3,393 Loads of Oak Timber, and 6,606 Loads of Plank. The Quantities cannot be

Consumption of Oak in Mil] Work, Machinery, inter-n:d Navigation,

&c.

In 1711.

*3,085 Loads Pine Timber.

3,972,61* Deals.

In 1771.

104,090 Loads Pine Timber.

3,912,413 Deals.

In 1790.

*14,831 Loads Pine T imber.

5,776,47s Deals.

Little Oak Timber given with Accuracy at any early Period, but appear impotted. never to have been considerable.

The same Improvements in Roads and Canals having also rendered the Use of Coal more general, less Wood or 'limber is now probably consumed for Fuel; and the Art of charring Pit Coal, lately discover/d, has prevented the Consumption of Wood and Timber in the smelting of Iron from being so very great, as, from the prodigious Increase of that Manufacture, it must otherwise have been.

But, on the other Hand, the Consumption of Oak Timber in Mill Work, Engines, and Machinery of various Kinds, in Lighters, Barges, and Boats, Piers, Bridges, "Wharfs, Locks, and Sluices, in Wheelwrights and Coopers Work, Park Pales, Posts, and Rails, and many other Articles which Eir "l imber is not fit for, and which depend on the Population, Manufactures, Commerce, Agriculture, and Wealth of the Country, is increased to such a Degree, as we apprehend at least counterbalances the Saving occasioned by the Disuse of Oak for House-building, or other domestic Uses.

In order to ascertain, as accurately as possible, the Consumption of Oak Timber under the Second Head, we have obtained from the Custom House an Account of the Total Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, belonging to the several Ports in Great Britain, in the Year 175,5, and in every Fifth Year following, to the Year 17K5, inclusive; an Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, belonging to and registered at the several Ports in His Majesty’s Dominions in the Years 17S8, 17S9, and 1700, distinguishing England, the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Mann, the British Plantations, , and;

and an Account of the Number of Trading Vessels, with their Tonnage, which appear by their Registry to have been built in England and Scotland, the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Mann, and the British Plantations, in the Years 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790; and we have also received from the Navy, Victualling,

Ordnance, Customs, Excise, and Post Offices, Returns of the Tonnage of Vessels employed in those Departments: And the Amount of the Whole, on the 30th of September 1790, was no less than 1,480,990 Tons.

The Quantity of Timber, in its rough State, used in the Construction of Merchant Ships, in proportion to their Burthen, being, according to the Information we have received, about a Load and a Half to a Ton, whole Quantity of the Timber requisite for the Construction of that Quantity of Shipping is no less than 2,221,485 Loads; cf'shipping. and the Medium Duration of Ships being about 14 Years, the Annual Consumption of Oak Timber, un- Annual Consump-der this Head, cannot be stated at less than 158,679 tion formaintain. Loads.

ing it.

Second Head. Consumption in the Construction of Trading Vessels,

&c.

N 17, iS, 19, 20.

Campbell, in his Naval History, after stating the Tonnage of the Ships of War at the Death of Queen Elizabeth at 16,915 Tons, which differs but little from the Account we have received hom the Navy Board, adds that, " The Number of all other Ships, Merchant " Ships as well as other, in all Places of England, of y mdleTim

" 100 Tons and upwards, was then One hundred and of Queen Eliz.

" Thirty-five; and the Sum of all Barks and Ships " of 40 Tons and upwards, to 100 Tons, Six hundred " and Fifty-six."

We wished to trace the progressive Advancement of Progressive increase the private Shipping from that Period, in order to of ra ms esses* ' shew the Increase of Consumption of Timber under this Head; but we found it impracticable by any other Means than by the Analogy which the Amount of the Tonnage bears to the Value of the Trade; for, prior to the Year 1787, when the Act, " For the further In- Manifest Act " crease and Encouragement of Shipping and Naviga- 26 Geo. Hi. c.Vo.

" tion," was passed, no such Accounts of the Tonnage of Trading Vessels were kept as can be relied on. The Ships were not measured as they now are, by the Officers of the Revenue; and the Accuracy of the Accounts of the Tonnage depended on the Fairness of the Report of the Captains, w ho had an Interest in stating it differently from the Truth.

Leaving, therefore, Accounts which must be erroneous, we shall, in the annexed Statement, give a Appendix, n>*i. View of the progressive Increase of Imports and Ex- ExportsandImports, ports in every Tenth Year, from 1700 to 1790; from frora 177°t01?9°-which it will be found that between the Years 1700 and 1750, the Annual Imports for E only had

increased from 5,907,175/. u. 10 d.to 7,772,039/.

1-2S. 5d.; and the Annual Exports from 7,302,716/.

8j. 7 d.to 15,132,004/. 3-y. id.; and that the In-

crease for Great Britain, from 1760 to 1790, is as follows:

Imports. Exporl3.

£. s. d. L., 5. (1

In 1760 10,683,595 10 4 16,665,278 5 1

1770 13,4.30,298 3 1 16,636,872 4 —

1780 11,714,967 7ii 13,689,073 12 6

1790 19,130,886 5 3 21,643,953 1 2

From 1760 to 1790*

From this Account it appears, that the Amount of Exports and Imports in 1790 was more than Three Times as great as that for England in 1700; and it is fair to suppose, that there has been a proportional Increase of Shipping. The Consumption of British Oak Timber for Trading Vessels is probably even greater at this Time, in proportion to the Value of the Trade, than it has been at any former Period, because the Whole must now be carried on in British Bottoms; whereas, prior to the Loss of America, there were many American-hmXi Ships employed in our Trade; and be-26 Geo. hi. c. 60. fore the passing of the Manifest Act, Foreign-built Ships - might be employed in some Branches of it.

Vessels employed in We have endeavoured to discover what was the the British Trade. Amount of the Tonnage of American-b\i\\i Vessels employed in the Trade of Great Britain before the late War; but, owing to the loose Manner already mentioned, in which Ships were then registered, it cannot now be stated with Accuracy.

Mr. Irving, the present Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, who formerly held a similar Office in America for the Trade of that Country, informs us, in Answer to our Enquiries on this Subject, that Vessels, in order to evade the Payment of Light-House Money, and various Port Charges collected upon Tonnage, were generally registered considerably under the real Burthen; that he has, in many Instances, compared the registered Tonnage, under the Act of King William, with the admeasured Tonnage of the same Vessels, under the late Act, and found

the

Additional Consumption of Oak Timber, in consequence of the Lost of America,

Third Head. Consumption for the Royal Navy, and East India Company's Shipping. Progressive Increase of the Navy, from the Time of . Henry VIII.

Whole Consumption of Timber for the Navy since 1760.

fifth Report, N° 49*

Appendix, N° 25,16.

N°27. N° a 8.

Annual Consumption for the Navy.

Shipping of the East India Company.

32 Geo. III. 13° Febru 273

the Average Proportion to be as Two to Three; and in the different Provinces in North America, of which he has given us an Account, taken from the Books of the Totals are as follow: his former Office, of the Ships built in Three Years,

1769. 1770- 1771.

Registered Tonnage - Addition to make it equal to the admeasured Tonnage 21,379 10,685 22,174 11,087 26,150' 13,075

Real Tonnage - 32,055 33,26i 39.225

Appendix, N° 21,

Mr. Irving adds, that after having been at great tion, and settled the Constitution, of the Royal Navy. Apptndi*, N° 13. Paius to form, from those Books, the best Estimates The Amount of the Tonnage of the Ships of War in his Power, of the Tonnage of American-built Ship- of all Kinds at his Death, was 12,455 Tons. During ping, prior to the Separation of the Two Countries, the Reign of VI. it had declined to 11,065;

he is of Opinion, that about 210,000 Tons of such and at the Death of ,it was only 7,110. The

Shipping may be reckoned to have been constantly Navy was improved and increased by Queen Elizabeth; employed in the Trade of Great Britain, and that, to but even at her Death the whole Tonnage of the Ships keep up this Stock, about 17,000 Tons of Shipping of War was only 17,110 Tons. The State of the Navy must have been Annually built in the Provinces which is not exactly known at the Death of James the First, now form the American States. If this Opinion be but it had been somewhat augmented; and even in well founded, and we conceive no Person, has better the disturbed Reign of Charles I. a very considerable Means of judging than that able and diligent Officer, Addition took Place. A farther Increase and Improve-the Addition to the Annual Consumption of Oak ment wras made, during the Administration of Timber in this Country, in consequence of that Trade At the Restoration, the Tonnage was 57,463 Tons. At

being now carried oh in British-built Ships, must be the Death of Charles the Second it had risen to

about 25,500 Loads, that being the Quantity of Timber 103,558. " The Navy was put into much better Condi-which it will appear, from what we shall state in the tion by James II, but the Tonnage during his Reign subsequent Part of this Report, is requisite for the was reduced to 101,892 Tons. By King it was

Construction of 17,000 Tons of Shipping. raised to 159,017. At the Death of Queen Anne it

Mr. Irving states farther, that " We possess at this contained 167,171 Tons; and at the Death of

" Time upwards of 350,000 Tons more of Shipping the First, 170,862. The Tonnage of the Navy was " than we did in the most flourishing Period before the somewhat lower at the Commencement of the Dif-u late War." ference with Spain in 1738, than it was in 1727: but

ever since that Time the Increase has been far greater,

The Consumption of Oak Timber under the Third and more rapid, than at any former Period. At the

.Head, has been increasing, with very little Interruption, Accession of His present Majesty the Tonnage was

for a long Series of Years. 321,104, and at the End of the Year 1788, it had

England could hardly be said to have a Fleet before risen to no less than 413,667 Tons, as appears from the Appendix, N*»+i.

the Time of Henry the Eighth. He laid the Founda- Statements in the Appendix,

We have already stated in our Fifth Report, on the Authority of the Commissioners of the Navy, that the Quantity of Oak Timber of English Growth, delivered into the Dock Yards, from His Majesty’s Accession in October One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, to the End of the Year Square Measure.

1788, was ----- ----- --- 768,676 Loads.

And the Quantity of Timber estimated by them to be used in the Construction of the Ships built in the Merchants Yards, during the same Time ... 516,630

----1,285,30c

To which must be added the Foreign Oak Timber used within the same Period, which is estimated to have contained, in its rough State ----- --- - 137,766

The Quantity of English Oak remaining in the Dock Yards in October 1760 was - - 36,288

And of Foreign Oak, in estimated rough Contents - -- -- - 6,397

From that Total is to be deducted, the Quantity of English Oak Timber remaining in the

Dock Yards on the 31st December 1788 - -- -- - 45,232

And of Foreign Oak ----- --- 5,339

1>465,737

50,.57i

The Remainder is the Consumption of British and Foreign Oak, for the Navy, in those 28 Years..... ----- -- - - 1,415,186

Being, one Year with another - - - - 50,542

Tiie Increase of the Consumption of Timber, in the Construction of the Shipping of the East India Company, has been somewhat similar to that of the Royal Navy. From the Date of their First Charter, in the 43d of Qupen Elizabeth, the General Tonnage of their Shipping increased, gradually, till the Year 1771, when it amounted to 61,000 Tons. By an Act passed in 1772, the Company was restrained from Vol. 47.

building any Ships until their whole Tonnage should be reduced to 45,000 Tons. This Reduction being effected in 1776, the Company began again, in that Year, to increase their Shipping; and the whole Amount of their English-built Ships at the present Time is 79,913 Tons, being about Seven Times as great as the Tonnage of the Royal Navy was, at the Time of the Defeat of the Spanish Armada, when it

4 A amounted

274 13° Februam. 1792.'.

amounted only to.11,850 Tons; which, it may also be performed in less than Fourteen Years; that* after that-observed, is only about a 35th Part of the Tonnage of Number of Voyages, they are deemed no longer fit the Navy at the present Time. for their Service, and are. then sometimes sold, but

Appendix, N* 29. It appears from the Examination of Mr. Snodgrass, more commonly broken up; and that of the last Eigh-the experienced and very intelligent Surveyor of Ship- teen Ships required to be replaced in their Service, ping of the East India Company, that the Quantity of Eleven were broken up, Two lost. One burnt, and

Oak Timber, in its rough State, used in the Construe- only Four were sold, the India Ships being of too tion of their Ships, in Proportion to their Burthen, is great a Size for any other Branch of the Trade of this about One Load and a Half to a Ton; and, conse- Country.

questly, that in the building of the Whole of the Ships From this Information it follows, that the Whole now in their Service, 120,000 Loads of Oak Timber of the Shipping of the East India Company must be must have been consumed; that the Ships in that completely renewed, or re-built, every Twelve or Trade, which formerly were broken up, and sold at Fourteen Years, notwithstanding the late Improve-the End of their Fourth Voyage, being now more care- ments in the Mode of building their Ships; and that fully and substantially built, may be expected to go the Consumption of Oak Timber, in the Trade of that Six Voyages, but not more; and that those Six Company, is 120,000 Loads every 12 or 14 Years, or, Voyages might be performed in 12 Years, but, from on an Average, from 8,300 to 10,000 Loads, Annually, the Ships being kept some considerable Time at Home exclusive of what is consumed in the Repairs of those between each Voyage, the whole Six Voyages are not Ships.

T0f.1l Consumption of Timber for the Navy and Trading Ships.

From the preceding Statements it appears, that the Average Quantity of rough Timber Square required for constructing the Shipping at present employed in the Trade of this Country, Measure* and for Transports and other Vessels in the Service of Government, is, one Year with Loads, another - -- -- -- 158,679

Exclusive of what is required for the Shipping of the East India Company, which is from

8.300 to 10,000 Loads Yearly, the Medium being - - - - 9,150

And for the Royal Navy - -- - 50,542

So that the whole Consumption of Naval Timber in this Country is Yearly not less than - 218,371 besides what is used in the Construction of Lighters, Barges, and other small Vessels, employed in the various Ports and Harbours, and upon the Rivers and Navigable Canals within the Kingdom, which must also be very considerable.

Though we have not the Means of ascertaining either the progressive Increase, or present Amount, of the Consumption of Oak Timber, for the Internal Uses of the Country, yet, on a full Consideration of all the Circumstances we have stated, we apprehend no Doubt can remain of the whole Consumption of Timber, under all the Three Heads, being immensely increased, while the Quantity growing, both in Woods and in Hedge Rows, has been very much diminished.

This Decrease in the Quantity of the growing Timber, appears to have been more considerable in the great Timber fit for the Navy, than in Timber of a less Size; and all the Causes which have been assigned for the Decrease of Timber in general, are such as render it probable, that a smaller Proportion of the growing Timber will, in future, be allowed to stand so long as to reach the great Size which Ships of War require.

On the Whole, we are persuaded we shall not be thought to go beyond what is warranted by the Information before us, when we form this Conclusion, That if the Prosperity of this Country shall continue, the Consumption of Oak Timber for its internal Purposes, and for the Shipping necessary for the Whole of our Trade, including that of the East India Company, will, at no very distant Period, furnish an ample Demand for all that can be expected to be produced on private Property in this Kingdom; and that such is the present State of the growing Timber, and the Prospect of future Supply, that this Country will, in all Probability, experience a fatal Want of great Oak Timber, and become dependent on other Powers for the Means of supporting her Navy, if Care be not taken to provide a Supply in future, by the Improvement and better Management of the Royal Forests, and to reduce the Consumption of it by the utmost Care and Frugality in the Expenditure.

PART IV,h.

Of the Supply of Naval Timber, and other Advantages, to be expected from the Improvement of the Forests.

That we might be enabled to shew what Security Quantity of Land of a perpetual Supply of Timber for the Navy may be supptyof Timber derived from the Improvement of the Royal Forests, we for the Navy, have endeavoured to ascertain the Extent of Ground which would be necessary to furnish the Quantity of Timber required for that Purpose.

The most prevailing Opinion among experienced Surveyors, and Persons conversant in the Management

7 o

of Wood, appears to be, that on good Soil, where Great Timber is made the principal Object in the Management, and the young Trees are regularly thinned out, and the finest preserved for Timber, without Regard to the Underwood, 40 Trees may be expected to grow on the Acre; and that, at 100 Years Growth, those Trees maybe computed to contain, one with another, Two Loads of Timber: But, in all Woodlands, of any considerable Extent, there are vacant Parts, where, from different Causes, the Trees have failed j and on referring to the Surveys taken in the Time of James the First, when we know there had been a very careful* Management, though the Quantity of Timber was, in general, near Six Times greater than is now upon the same Ground, we find no Example of so many as 40 Trees of Two Loads each per Acre, through the Whole of any Forest. Making Allowance, therefore, for such Defects, we think that 34 Trees, of One Load each, Girt Measure, may be expected on the Acre, in a fit Soil, and under proper Management, and 34 Loads of Timber, Girt Measure, being equal to 50 Loads, Square Measure, the Produce of One thousand Acres, which would be about 50,000 Loads, would be sufficient for the Supply of the Navy for One Year, the Average Yearly Consumption being, as we have before stated,

50,542 Loads: Consequently, supposing 100 Years to

be

See Pag* *74*

Different Modes of managing Woods for raising Timber#

Qsintity of Land in tie Forests on which tie Timber belongs to the Crown.

275

be the Time necessary for an Oak to attain the Size tJf One Load of Timber, Girt Measure, and each 1,000 Acres to be re-planted, immediately after the Trees have been felled; 100,000 Acres would be the Extent of Ground requisite to furnish an Annual Fall of 50,000 Loads, Square Measure. That Quantity of Ground is, therefore, necessary to be set apart for the perpetual Supply of the Navy with Oak Timber, if the Con-. sumption shall continue to be as great as it has hitherto been since the Commencement of the present Reign; and according to the same Computation, the Extent of Ground which is necessary for supplying all the Timber required for the whole Shipping of this Country*, both for the Royal Navy and private Trade, is 436,742 Acres (being somewhat more than 682 Square Miles) of which the Produce of 4,367 Acres must be felled every Years.

The Opinions of the Surveyors, and^ other Persons acquainted with the Growth of Timber, w’hom we have examined, vary much, as to the Age at which an Oak arrives at Maturity; and different Periods have been named by them, from 80 to 150 Years. This must depend very much on the Nature of the Soil; and though, in the foregoing Computation, we have supposed them to be felled at too Years Growth, we are inclined to believe, that, in most Soils, they continue much longer in an improving State; but as the Trees, if they are allowed to stand longer, will contain more than a Load of Timber on an Average, the Difference in Point of Time will be made up for by the Increase in the Size and Value of the Trees.

Their Opinions differ no less as to the Mode of managing Woods; some recommending the bringing up of Trees of different Ages in the same Wood, and as often as any of them arrive at Maturity to fell those Trees, and leave the rest standing to be cut in Succession; while other Persons of equal Skill advise, that when the greater Number of the Trees in the same Wood arrive at their full Size, the Whole should be cut down, and that the Ground should be completely cleared and re-planted, in the Manner we have proposed.

In each of these Modes, nearly the same Quantity of Ground would be necessary for producing a given Quantity of Timber. Leaving it, therefore, to be determined by those to whom the Management of the Royal Forests shall be committed, which Mode of Cultivation is the most eligible, we have chosen to state our Computation from the last, as being not only recommended by the Majority of those whom we have consulted on the Subject, but appearing, likewise, to be the most simple, and best adapted to the various Wants of the Navy, which require Timber of all Sizes.

After ascertaining the Quantity of Ground necessary for the perpetual Supply of the Navy with Timber, the Objects which come next under Consideration are, First, the Extent of the Forests at present belonging to the Crown; and, Secondly, what Part of them, of a proper Soil for the Growth of Oak, may be expected, on a Settlement with those having Rights upon them, to be allotted to the Crown.

The following Statement will shew the Extent of the Land in which the Timber belongs to the Crown, in each of the Forests which have been submitted to our Enquiry; viz'.

In New Forest -

Dean Forest -Aliceholt and Woolmer Forest Whittlewood Forest -Salcey Forest - - .

Whidaeood Forest -Waltham Forest -

Sherwood Forest Bere Forest -SulehayJVilk. in Forest -

Acre,. R. P. Ekveiltll Repwrt 66,942 3 26 of the Board <»l

23»015 3 29 Land Reveuui-.

8,694 1 31 "

4,850 3 32 1,847 — 23 3,709 3 5 3,278 3 2 1,466 3 10

926 2 13

8G0 3 23

115,594 — 34

Although any Computation which might be made, as to the Second Object, before an actual Settlement has taken Place with those who have Claims on the Forests, must be liable to Error, yet we are persuaded no extravagant Expectation is held out, when we suppose, that in the Whole of those Forests the Allotments to the Crown may, altogether, amount to 60 or 70,000 Acres, fit for the Growth of Oak.

If only 700 Acres, being One hundredth Part of Produce to be the Quantity last mentioned, shall be inclosed and improvement of ^' planted every Year, until the Plantation of the Whole the Forests. 70,000 Acres shall be completed, they will, if kept under proper Management, according to the Computation we have before given, furnish a perpetual Supply of at least 35,000 Loads of Oak Timber Annually, from the Time that the first planted Trees arrive at 100 Years Growth.

This, however, is only stated in order to give a clear and simple View of the Quantity of Timber to be expected from a gradual Improvement of the Forests, by planting every Year no more than that Quantity of Ground, and re-planting the same Quantity successively, when the Trees come to Maturity. But it is not necessary to proceed so slowly; nor is that the Plan we wish to recommend: The Crown has already, by the Acts of 20th Charles II. and 9th and 10th William the Third, a Power of inclosing 17,000 Acres in Dean and Forests only, independent of what shall be acquired in those and other Forests, on a Settlement with the Commoners; and if the whole Quantity to be allotted to the Crown shall be speedily inclosed and planted, a much greater, and probably an earlier, Advantage may be derived from the Improvement. We have already mentioned that Persons acquainted with the Growth of Timber differ in Opinion as to the Length of Time in which an Oak Tree comes to Maturity, naming from 80 to 150 Years; and we think it probable that, if the Wrhole, or the greatest Part of the Crown’s Allotments, were speedily planted. Parts would be found, in Woods of such vast Extent, where, from the Fertility of the Soil, the Trees might contain, one with another, One Load each in 80 Years; and as Oak Trees, protected from Injury, seldom begin to decay before they have stood a much longer Time, probably not in less than 200 Years, by cutting One hundredth Part every Year, alter 80 Years, tire Medium Age of felling would he 130 Y*ears; and it may not be unreasonable to expect, if this Plan should be followed, That the Trees would contain a Load and a Half each, on an Average, at the Time of felling; in which Case the 700 Acres to be cut Annually would produce, one Year with another, 50,000

t Note--Timber of 70 or 80 Years Growth may probably be of sufficient Size for building Trading Ships; but, on the other Hand, nothing is here allowed for their Repairs. There can be no Pretence to great Accuracy in any Computation of this Kind# it is only intended to give some general Idea of the Extent of Ground which probably must be employed in the Supply of the whole Shipping of this Country; and the Principles or. which the Computations are made being given, those who think differently from us, either as to the Ago at which an Oak comes to Maturity, the Number of Trees to be expected on the Acre, the Duration of Ships, or any other Particular, may easily make the Calculation themselves, and draw a Conclusion on their own Principles.

Vo t. 47. Loads j

27-6 1&* Februarii. . 1792.

Eleventh Report Loads; and the Value of that Quantity would be of the Board of 175 oooo?., estimating the Timber at 3/. io$. per Load, v Laml Revenue' y Square Measure, including the Bark and Offal Wood, / which, from the Prices they now bear, and the advantageous'Situation of the largest Forests for Water Carriage to the Dock Yards, we do not think beyond the Value.

Nor is this the only Advantage which would arise from the Forests, under a proper System of Management: The Underwood and young Trees, as well as the Great Timber, are the Property of the Crown in all the Forests, except in Whittlavood and Salcey, where the Underwood belongs to the Duke of ;and

in the Part of Rockingham Foi'est where the Timber belongs to the Crown, the Underwood of which belongs to the Earl of Westmorland'., and from the Estimates of our Surveyors, we apprehend, that an Annual Produce of 5 s. per Acre is not more than may reasonably be expected, from periodical Cuttings of the young Trees and Underwood.

The Value, therefore, of the whole Annual Produce, in Great Timber, Underwood, and young Trees, would probably come to be worth 190,000l. per Annum, without reckoning any Thing for the Produce of such Land as may not be fit for the Growth of Oak.

Expence of making According to Offers which have been made, by liiclosures for the j\fen of Character and Substance, the Expence of in-

Growth of limber. . , „ t _ _

closing the whole Quantity by Contract, would be only 6s. per Acre; amounting, for 70,000 Acres, Appendix, N° 30. to.....£.21,000

And the Expence of planting the same Quantity of Ground with Acorns, 5 s. per Acre ----- -- 17,500

; £ 38,500

I the Whole of which Sum would, as we have shewn in

‘ former Reports, be derived from the Forests themselves

I by the Sale of Trees now growing in them, not fit, and

I which never would become fit, for the Navy; from

:j which a Sum of 50 or 60,000l. might be raised in

ii Three or Four Years; and the Removal of those

!! Trees is a necessary Step to the making of new Plan-

i tations, as no young Trees would grow under their

I Shade.

The Benefits to be expected from the proposed Improvement of the Forests we know cannot be raised to the full Value at which we have estimated them, until the Oaks come to be fit for Naval Use; but the Whole of the Advantages are by no Means so remote. The Quantity of the Timber which has been furnished from all the Forests during the present Reign, has not ex-immeJme Advan- ceeded 2,000 Loads a Year, Square Measure; but so tjgc from the im- soon as a Settlement shall have been made with the Forests.6"1 °*the Commoners, or other effectual Means taken for increasing the Stock of Timber, we have no Doubt that the Annual Fall in the Forests may be raised to near 4,000 Loads, Square Measure, and be continued at that Rate, without Intermission, until the new Plantations shall be arrived at Maturity. Estimating the Timber, therefore, at 3/. 10 s.per Load, including the Bark and Offal Wood, an immediate Income of at least 14,000l. per Annum would arise from the Timber Trees only, without endangering the Continuance of that Supply; and the Advantages to be derived from, the Underwood, and the Thinnings of the young Trees, would also commence very soon, there being already a considerable Quantity of Underwood in some of the Forests, which, in their present State, could not with Propriety be cut, as that would remove the Protection which it now affords to the young Trees against the Deer and Cattle; but which might very properly be cut, if the "Woods were inclosed.

PART V'\

Of various Means of lessening Waste in the Cotasump-tion of Naval Timber, and providing Substitutes, in case of a Scarcity of Oak.

IN the preceding Parts of this Report we have shewn, that if the Plans we have recommended shall be carried into full Effect, the Supply of Timber finally to be expected from the Improvement of those Forests which have been under our Enquiry, will probably be sufficient for the Support of the Royal Navy, even though the Consumption shall continue to be as great as it has been during the present Reign.

But as this is only to be looked for after a considerable.

Space of Time, we have thought it not unnecessary, nor. foreign to the Object of our Appointment (though, perhaps, strictly speaking, not a Part of our Duty) to advert to the Nature of the Consumption of the Timber; and to consider whether any Means could be devised to prevent Waste in the present Expenditure, so as to render the Supply in the mean Time less inadequate to the Demand.

The Commissioners of the Navy, in Answer to our Appendix, N° 31. Enquiries concerning the Duration of Ships of War, Duration of Ships of give, as their Opinion, that Ships built in the Dock War*

Yards last, on an Average, about Fifteen Years; and those built by Contract, in the Merchants Yards, about Ten Years. This Difference they impute, among other Causes, to the Timber used in the Dock Yards being better seasoned, and the Ships a longer Time in Build- -

ing; which last Circumstance alone contributes greatly to their Duration. The Merchant Builders being employed to build Ships of War only in Cases of Emer-, gency, are often, from the Urgency of the Service,’ pressed by the Navy Board to complete them in a shorter Time than is specified in the Contract; and not having a sufficient Stock of Timber on Hand, they are obliged, at a short Notice, to provide what is wanted, and to work it up before the Juices are sufficiently exhausted to render it fit for Use.

If this Opinion of the Commissioners of the Navy be well founded (and no Persons can have better Opportunities of judging of this Matter) jt follows, that as the Tonnage of the Ships built by Contract, or purchased, during the present Reign, amounts to 256,656 Tons, and Fifth Report, N° 48. of those built in the Dock Yards, to only 131,852 Tons, the Medium Duration of the Ships which compose the Appendix, N* 32. present Navy, taken one with another, is only about 11 iYears.

Every Addition to the Duration of Ships being obviously a proportional Saving of Timber, if Means could be devised to make Ships of War last 18 Years, One Third Part of the present Consumption of the Timber for the Navy would be saved; and instead of 50,000 Loads being necessary for the Annual Supply,

Loads would be sufficient.

But it is not the Value of the Timber only which would be saved, by making Ships last longer; the Workmanship, and all other Materials, as well as Timber, would also be saved.

It is at present the common Practice to fell Oak present Practice in Timber in the Spring, for the Sake of the Bark, which *!q" Timber?"g can only be stripped off during the Rising of the Sap.

It is, however, a general Opinion now, and was also in antient Times, that Timber felled at that Season is not in the best Condition for Service; and that Oak felled in the Winter is more solid and durable. The Bark of Winter-felled Timber being lost, the Commissioners of the Navy allow for such Timber an advanced Price of 7f per Cent, to compensate that Disadvantage; but Bark having arisen very much in Value, no great Quantity of Winter-felled Timber is obtained.

- Some

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

277

N* 3J-

tice.

Some Experiments have been made by the Navy Board, of the Effect of felling Timber in Winter; and The Montagu, of 74 Guns, was built of it, 1779 > but that Ship not having come under such a Repair as required a complete Examination of her Condition, Appendix, N° 31. the Commissioners of the Navy say they cannot yet speak, with Certainty, of the Effect.

Stripping of Tree* Instead of either of those Practices, it is strongly Mmm^nded5 re recommended, by Writers of great Eminence, to strip Dr. Ploit; Buffon; Oak Trees of their Bark in the Spring, and not to fell Du Hamel ;&c. them during the same Summer, but to let them remain to season or dry Standing,

Plott’j Natural Hi*. An Account of this Practice, which formerly pre-:ory Staftor ire. vaj|e(j very generally in Staffordshire, and some adjacent Counties, and is still in Use there, was written in the Year 1687, by Dr. Ploit, for the Satisfaction of James the Second, by whose Command it was recommended to the Consideration of the Navy Board, by Mr. Pepys, then Secretary of the Admiralty. As this Paper, recommended by such Authority, and written by a Person of much Knowledge, has never, that we know of, been printed, and as it contains also an Account of all that is known of the Opinions of the Antients concerning the proper Season for felling Trees, we have thought it right to annex a Copy of it to this Report.

Effect of that Prac- In order that the Effect said to arise from this Practice may be perfectly understood, it may not, perhaps, be unnecessary to observe, that d rees, in growing, form every Year a new Circle of Wood, between that of the preceding Year’s Growth and the Bark. Each Circle is, therefore, a Year older than the one immediately within it; and in a Tree of 100 Years Growth Buffon. the ’l imber in the Centre is 100 Years old, and that Du Hamel. next the Bark is only One Year old.

The Timber at the Heart, in a thriving Tree, is, by many Experiments, proved to be the hardest, the heaviest, and the strongest. Its Strength lessens in proportion to its Distance from the Centre; and a considerable Part, nearest the Bark, is too young, and too full of Juices, to be fit for Use in Shipbuilding. This Part, which is called the Sap, varies in Thickness according to the Kind of the Oak, the Quickness of its Growth, the Age of the Tree, and Nature of the Soil. On fertile Soils, thriving Oaks of the best Kind (which are said to be those which bear Acorns of a large Size, growing singly, or in Pairs *) have commonly not more than from 12 to 15 of those Annual Circles w itbin the Sap; but in Oaks of a worse Kind (which are distinguished by a browner Bark, and small Acorns growing in Clusters) and especially in unfavourable Soils, there are from 20 to 26.

The Whole of this Sap is always cut off in siding the Tree, and moulding, or converting it into the Forms to which it is adapted in Ship-building: But the Stripping the Tree of its Bark, and allowing it to stand in that State Three Years, to season, before felling it, is said to have the same Effect in converting the Sap into useful Timber, as the allowing the Tree to stand with the Bark on from 12 to 2b Years longer would have. If this shall be confirmed by Experience, it will be attended with very beneficial, and very important Effects. Trees of 60 Years Growth will be as fit for the Navy, and have as much useful Timber in them, as Trees of 72 to 86 Years Growth, felled in the common Way, with the Bark on. The great Discouragement to the Planting of

of the Horud of

Land Revenue.

1 ___

Oak, arising from the Lateness of the Return, will be Eelventh Report lessened; a smaller Extent of Ground will, from the "f ' ‘

Falls of Timber being made at shorter Periods, produce the Quantity required for the Supply of the Navy; and a Remedy for the Scarcity which there seems Reason to apprehend may be sooner obtained.

Dr. Plott says, " It is found by long Experience,

" that the Trunk or Body of Trees, when barked

in the Spring, and left standing, naked, all the " Summer, exposed to the Sun and Wind, are so " dried and hardened, that the sappy Part, in a " Manner, becomes as firm and durable as the Heart " itself."

This is confirmed by Monsieur Buffon, who, in Oeuvres Completes 1738, presented to the Royal Academy of Sciences, on, Tom. 3. at Paris, a Memoir, intituled, " An easy Method of " increasing the Solidity, Strength, and Duration of " Timber;" for which Purpose, he observes, Nothing more is necessary than to strip the Tree entirely of its Bark, during the Season of the Rising " of the Sap, and to leave it to dry completely before it be cut down."

By many Experiments, particularly described in that Essay, it appears that the Tree should not be felled till the Third Year after it has been stripped of the Bark; that it is then perfectly dry, and the Sap become almost as strong as the rest of the Timber, and stronger than the Heart of any other Oak Tree which has not been so stripped; and the Whole of the Timber stronger, heavier, and harder; from which he thinks it fair to conclude, that it is also more durable. " It would no longer," he adds, " be necessary, if this Method were practised, to cut off the " Sap; the Whole of the Tree might be used as " Timber; One of Forty Years Growth would serve " all the Purposes for which One of Sixty Years is " now required; and this Practice would have the "double Advantage, of increasing the Quantity, as " well as the Strength and Solidity, of the Timher."

Du Hamel gives a very minute Account of many du Hamel. Experiments made by himself, for ascertaining the Effect of Barking Trees in this Mode; the Result of which was the same: and Dr. Hunterin his Notes „ £ . on Evelyn, says, that " by Stripping off' the Bark, anc| p.»o*.

" allowing the Tree to stand and die, before it is " cut, the sappy Part becomes as hard and firm as " the Heart."

If these Authorities are to be relied on a Practice from which such important Advantages may be de-. rived should be immediately adopted, at least with respect to Timber felled for the Navy, in those Forests in which the Timber and Wood are the entire Property of the Crown.

It may be thought extraordinary, that if it was found to have such beneficial Effects, the Practice should not have become more general.

This may, perhaps, be owing, partly to the Damage, which in Coppices must unavoidably be done, in either stripping the Trees Three Years before, or felling them Three Years after, the Time of cutting the Underwood; and, partly, to the additional Labour and Expence of stripping Trees standing; though this, probably, is not considerable; for Buffon says, that the Bark coming oft’ with more Ease w hile the Tree is growing, than after it is felled, One Man can, in Two flours, strip a great Tree com-_________________________________________pletcly;

Note. — Buffon and Du Hamel say, that having compared the Timber of the Oak bearing large Acorns.with that of the Oak bearing

the small, in a Number of Trees of the same Age, and from 25 to 100 Years Growth, they found that the first had always more Heart and less Sap. If the one had One Inch of Sap to Eight Inches of Heart, the other would have Two Inches of Sup to Seven of Heart; and so in Proportion in Trees of all Sizes: That they could hot therefore sufficiently recommend the planting of that fine Kind of Oak, which has the great Advantages of a quicker Growth, and of the 'l imber being stronger, more elastic, and less apt to splinter than the other. The Holes made by Shot in Timber of this Kind, contracting One Third more than in the other, are much more easily filled up. — In general, they add, the quicker an Oak grows, the more Heart is found in the Timber, and the better it is for Use. The Texture of the Wood is closer; there are fewer Knots, and fewer of those Divisions which separate the Annual Circles of Wood, and which art more open and porous than the rest of the Wood. Suppl1. Vol. 2d.

Vo I. 47. 4 B

Eleventh Report pletely.; and, according to the Information we have of the Board of received, the Expence is only One-third more than of Land Revenue. stripping the Tree after being felled.

But these Disadvantages would not occur in the Forests, if the Plan we have proposed shall be adopted, because the Timber being the great Object of Attention, so many Trees should be allowed to stand, that the Underwood must become of little or no Value, even before the Trees are arrived to their full Size.

It must seem surprizing, that, in this Country, in which the Navy is an Object of so great Importance, no complete Trial has ever been made of the Effect of a Method of increasing the Duration of Timber, so easily practicable, so important in its Consequences, and recommended by such respectable Authorities.

Such Information as we have been able to obtain, of Trials which have been made, seems to be in favour of the Practice; but they appear by no Means to have been so complete in themselves, nor is the Account of them so well authenticated, as to be at all decisive of the Effect; and we have even lately heard that some Trials have been made in this Country, where the Result is said to have been different, with respect to the Sap of the Tree, which, it is said, was found to decay as soon as lire Sap of Trees stripped after felling; but of those Trials we have not yet obtained such certain Information as to enable us to state the Circumstances in this Report.

Appendix, N° 33. The Ship called T Royal Sovereign was built, very slowly, in 1635, (>, and 7. The Timber grew in the Northern Part of England, where this Practice prevailed, and is supposed by Mr. Pcpijs to have been stripped of its Bark, and Winter-felled; and Dr. says, that at the Time he wrote, which was 50 Years afterwards, in the Reign of James the Second, the Timbers were still sound, and so hard that a Nail could hardly be driven into them.

The Commissioners of the Navy, in 1687, were informed by Mr. Pcjnthat the King would be well content that a Trial should be made in the Royal Forests of the Efficacy of the Proposal of Dr. Plolt; and K° 3+. C. in their Answer to Mr. Pcpys, they say that if the Method used in Staffordshire, and other Northern Counties, of barking the Trees in the Spring, and felling them the ensuing Winter, after they have stood hardening all the Summer, could be introduced and put in Practice in the Southern Parts of the Kingdom, it would be very much for 11 is Majesty's Service; but how to have it done any where, but in His Majesty’s Forests and Parks, they humbly leave for Consideration; and in a subsequent Letter to Mr. they

give their Opinion in what Manner a Trial of this Method of treating the Frees should be made, in Bushy Park. No farther Correspondence on the Subject, as we are informed by the Navy Board, is to be found in their Books; and they conclude that upon the Abdication of Janies the Second, which took Place in the ensuing Year, the Matter was dropped, and no Experiment whatever made of the Timber felled for that Purpose.

In Answer to our Enquiries concerning the probable Causes of the very long Duration of The Royal William, which was launched in 1719, never repaired till 1757, and was surveyed afloat in 1785, they in-A form us, that they cannot trace whether that Ship had Appendix, N 34. B. been built of Timber sh ipped before felling; but that she was Five Years in Building: And it appears n°34 d from a Report of the Officers of Portsmouth Yard, that the Thickstuff and Plank had been burnt, instead of been kilned', and also that the Ends of the Beams, the Faying Parts of the Breast-Hooks, Crutches, Resters, Knees, Sec. had been gouged, in a Manner then practised, which was called Snail Creepingby Means of which the Air was conveyed to the different Parts of the Ship, which they apprehend was very useful to her Preservation.

The extraordinary Duration of this Ship from the Year 1719, obviously suggests the Propriety of farther Trials of the Methods used w-hen she was constructed.

The Ship Achilles, of 60 Guns, built at in Commons Report?,

1757? appears by the Examination of Mr. Barnard, Vo1-P- *3-

before the Committee of the House of Commons, in

1771, to have been buiit by him of Timber which had been stripped of its Bark in Spring, and not

felled till the succeeding Winter. Though that was

not a sufficient Time for the Timber to dry, or season,

according to the Opinion of Buffon, and Du Hamel,

yet when that Ship underwent a small Repair, in

1771, the Timber, Mr. Barnard said, was found to be

very good; which is confirmed by a Report of the Appendix, N°34.E.

Officers of Portsmouth Yard; and she continued in the

Service until after the Peace, in 1783, being then 25

or 26 Years old.

Some Trees in New Forest, which were felled about Seven Years ago, had stood so long without their Bark, that the Purpose for which they had been stripped was entirely forgotten, and no Information concerning them could be obtained from the Office of the Surveyor of the Woods, to whose Department the Matter belonged; no Accounts being kept of the Proceedings in that Office, to be transmitted to succeeding Surveyors General. Those Trees having **35. been sent to the Dock Yard, and used, promiscuously with other Timber, no useful Information could be obtained from so imperfect an Experiment. It deserves Notice, however, that after standing many Years without the Bark, the Timber wras found to be perfectly sound, and fit for Use.

The Navy Board, in Answer to our Enquiries on Apptndix, N° 31. this Subject, in the Month of May 1789, informed us, that " they had then standing, some Trees stripped " of their Bark two Years before, in order to try " the Experiment of building One Half of a Sloop " of War with that Timber, and the other Half with " Timber felled and stripped in the common Way."

This very judicious Mode of making the Experiment, if it be properly executed, will undoubtedly go far to ascertain the Effects of this Practice.

From the Apprehension of a W’ant of Timber, on Report of Committee any sudden Emergency, the Commissioners of the in I77U Navy Irnve judged it necessary to have a Quantity in Mode of keeping Store in the Dock Yards, equal to the Consumption great Timber in of Three Years. This may, perhaps, be a prudent the I>ock Yards‘ Caution in the present State of our Timber; and it may tend to give Confidence to the Country, that Care is not wanting to provide a sufficient Quantity of Naval Stores; but the Expence, and the Waste, attending this Practice, must be very great, not only in the Loss of Interest of Money on the Capital employed in keeping so great a Stock of Timber, but in the Waste of the Timber itself.

The greatest Part of the Timber is brought to the Dock Yards in its rough Stat^ where it 'is laid up in great Piles: The Timber of each Year’s Fall is kept by itself, that the first brought into the Dock Yard may be the first used.

The Part called the Sap, being full of Juices, soon Buffon. begins to corrupt; and that Corruption spreads, not DuHamd only to the rest of the same Tree, but to those lying next to it. To prevent this W aste, very proper Orders have been given by the Navy Board, "that if " there be otherwise Room, there shall not be more " than Three Heights, or Ranges, of Great Timber;" but from a Want of Room those Regulations, necessary for the free Admission of Air, cannot always be followed.; and so much is the Timber injured from this Cause, that a very considerable Part of it is rendered unfit for Ship-building. The '

Proportion cannot be exactly ascertained, but Mr.

a Snodgrass

Appendix, N* 29. Quantity wasted.

Waste in the Dock Yards, arising from the Perquisite

or Chips-

Appendix N* 36.

Journals, vol- 6. P- 38*.

32 Geo. III.

13° Februa

279

Snodgrass is of Opinion that the Waste of Timber kept Loss to the Public; toe cannot too strongly recora- Eleventh Report in such Piles, for Three Years, must be one Third mend that this may not happen in the Case now un- ^and Revenue

der Consideration; and for this Purpose nothing seems u e%*nue-to us more likely to be effectual, than what is suggested in the same Letter from the Navy Board, that ‘‘ the " additional Wages should be granted as an extra " Sum, always to be entered separately on the PayBooks, as in lieu of Chips." And we would add, that the Chips should every Day be collected into Heaps, by Labourers employed for that Purpose, and sold by public Auction, at a particular Time fixed, once in every Week, from which a Fund might arise to defray a Part, at least, of the Expences of the additional Wages,

The Expence of the Carriage of Timber from the Expence of carriage Forests to the Dock Yards, forms a very considerable of Timber.

Part, or more,

But if the Forests were improved, and put under a proper Course of Management, many Advantages might be derived from having Timber there, at all Times, ready for the Use of the Navy. As there could be no Ground for the Apprehension of a Want, so expensive a Provision of rough Timber would not be necessary. The Forests would serve as so many Magazines of Timber, of all Forms, which would remain there, in a State of Improvement, until it should be stripped of the Bark, if that Practice should be adopted; and need not be felled until it should be required for Use. By these Means the Waste would be prevented, and the Extremes of keeping the Timber too long, as is now frequently done in the Dock Yards, Part of its ultimate Cost to the Public, except in

or using it too soon, like the Merchant Builders, both of which tend to accelerate the Decay of the Ships, might be avoided.

The Perquisite of Chips, allowed to the Shipwrights in the Dock Yards, is another Source of Waste of useful Timber, which ought, certainly, to be prevented.

Under this Denomination of Chips each Workman carries home, daily, a Burthen of Pieces of Timber, cut off in forming and moulding the different Parts of the Ship. In a Letter from the Navy Board to the Lords of the Admiralty, they say, that the Custom has been for the Men to leave off Work, perhaps an Hour before Bell-ringing, to cut up useful Pieces of Timber, to complete their Bundles; that these are often sold for 1 s. each: and probably cost the Public Three Times as much.

It appears from the Journals of the House of Commons, that this Matter was under the Consideration of Parliament during the Administration of Cromwell; and it was then settled that an Addition should be made to the Wages, in lieu of all Chips and former Perquisites whatsoever.

In succeeding Times, however, of less Vigilance, this wasteful Practice was renewed, and, in Spite of many Attempts to put an End to it, still continues.

At the Close of the last War, the Navy Board, in order to lessen this Abuse, and prepare the Way for a Remedy, formed many useful Regulations, which they ordered to be strictly observed in each Dock Yard; and in Consequence of those Regulations Proposals were made by the Artificers in the Yard at Plymouth, to give up the Privilege of Chips for 5 d. per Day to Shipwrights and Ship Carpenters. The Navy Board laid those Offers before the Admiralty, and earnestly recommended that the Matter should be inquired into, and that a Settlement, on that Footing, should take Place. " By seizing this Opportunity (thay observed, in the Letter before referred to) the Public " will have the full Advantage of the common Working Hours; incredible Quantities of useful Timber " will be preserved from Waste; no Copper Nails, u or other valuable Stores, will be secreted, or carried " off in the Bundles; the undue Advantage arising u from which is too apt to introduce a Spirit of Extravagance among the People, very hurtful to the " Public Service."

We are sorry, however, to add, that notwithstanding this Representation, nothing effectual was done. After what we have so fully stated from the Letters of the Office which has the Superintendance of the Dock Yards, no Reasoning of ours can be necessary, to shew that an End should speedily be put to this wasteful Practice. Having, however, in the Course of our Enquiries, seen many Examples where an Increase of Wages has been given in lieu of Perquisites, but where the Perquisites have been, after a

8

10

5

12

15

18

8

1

2 1

3 3 3

— 86

what is brought from New Forest, which is situated so near to Portsmouth, that the whole Charge, of Land and Water Carriage is only 15$. 1 \d. per Load.

The Expence of Carriage from the other Forests is as follow s:

From Aliccholt -

Dean - -

JVhichwood -

Whittlcrvood, by Way of Oxfoi'd

And by Hertford -Salccy - -

Bere -

and from Waltham Forest somewhat less than from Bere.

We have already mentioned that by siding and converting the Timber, One Half, or more, is cut off, and not used for the Purposes of Ship-building; consequently, by squaring and moulding in the Forests,

One Half of the Expence of Carriage w ould be saved

on all the Timber, except that from New Forest; and

we are informed that this may be done with great Advan- Appendix, Nc 29,

tage in the Forests, under the Direction of proper Persons

from the Dock Yards.

The Commissioners of the Navy have, with great Saving proposed in Propriety, already adopted the Plan of siding the the Carna£c* Timber in the Forests of Hlnttlewood and Salccy, from which the Expence of Carriage is the Highest; and we are humbly of opinion, that if the Forests were improved, a very great Saving to the Public would arise from adopting this Practice in all of them, except New Forest, Bere, and I Fait ham. There are some Uses to which a Part of the Timber cut off in the Conversion is applied in the Dock Yards; the rest is commonly sold, in Lots, by Auction; but we apprehend there cannot be such superior Advantage from selling in the Dock Yards what is not used there, instead of selling it in the Forests, as to make up for the Expence of the Carriage from any of the more distant Forests.

The Commissioners of the Navy say, in Answer to Modes of Building our Enquiries, " that letting the Ships stand in Frame Ships so as to render " a sufficient Time for seasoning the several Parts, th^m marJ la*t,nPduring the Building, and the late Introduction of ppem x’

" Eire Stoves to air the Ships building, and those " lying up in Ordinary, contribute greatly to their " Duration; that if Ships were built under Cover,

" and Roofs over them while they remain in the iC Slips, it would be a Means of rendering them still " more lasting; and that the Value saved by these <( Methods, they think, would far exceed the Expence " of putting them in Practice."

These Opinions are confirmed by those of Mr. N° 10,29. Snodgrass, and of the most eminent Merchant Builders.

In Venice, Ships have for along Course of Tim been built and preserved under Cover. That Prac tice has been introduced also in Sweden; and is men-

short Time, resumed, and the Wages meant as a Com- tioned with Approbation by Monsieur Neckar, in his pensation have proved in the End only an additional Treatise on the Finances of France.

Vol. 47- By

280 13° FebrucirA. 1792.

Eleventh Report By stripping and felling, in the Manner we have ^oard ol recommended, a sufficient Quantity of Timber in the <ni evenue. Forests, to keep up the Naval Force deemed neces- sary for this Country in Time of War, the Mischiefs

occasioned by building with green or unseasoned Timber, which not only renders the ships less durable, but is extremely prejudicial to the Health of the Seamen, would be prevented, iron Knees. It appears from the Answers of Mr. that

in the Ships built for the India , Iron

Knees have for many Years been used instead of Oak, and are found to answer better than Oak, being lighter, cheaper, and stronger. They have also Falconer’s Diet. been adopted in the Construction of Ships of War, in rt. nee. France, for a great While past;. and it seems extraordinary that, notwithstanding the Apprehensions of a Scarcity of Oak Timber in this Country, and though the Difficulty of procuring Knees has been such as to induce the Navy Board to make Trial of Chesnut and Ash, yet Iron has been very little used in the Construction of our’s. It would undoubtedly prove a great Saving of Timber, and of that Kind which it is already most difficult to procure; and in which, by the Grubbing of Hedge Ilows, in consequence of the Extension of Tillage, and Improvements in Agriculture, a still farther Decrease is speedily to be apprehended. This is, therefore, a very important suggestion; and, being founded on Experience, well deserves Consideration.

In the Answers of Mr. Snodgrass in particular, and in those also of the Merchant Builders, whose Opinions we have obtained, on the Means of preventing Waste, and increasing the Duration of Ships, many Alterations, besides those which we have mentioned, are suggested, as Improvements in the Form ami Construction of Ships. Our View, in the Enquiries we have made of Persons in that Profession, has been to discover whether any Alteration in the present Practice would be likely to contribute to the Saving of Timber, by rendering Ships more lasting; and whatever appeared to us to have that Tendency, being connected with the Object of our Appointment, is inserted in this Report: But we have not here detailed the other Improvements which have been suggested, in the Form and Mechanism of Ships, not from thinking them of little Importance, but because they are Matters which do not fall within the Limits of our Duty. They, however, appear to us to be so well deserving of the Consideration of those whose Province it is to seek for Improvements in Naval Architecture, that we have inserted them at Length Appendix, N’ 10,29- in the Appendix: and annexed a Section, drawn by Mr. Snodgrass, of a 74 Gun Ship, and a Frigate, as built in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, and another upon a Plan recommended by him, not thinking it right, in a Matter of so much Importance to this Country, to keep back Alterations suggested by very intelligent Men, possessed of great Professional Skill, and long Experience.

We cannot, indeed help remarking, that though this Nation excels all others in Extent of Commerce, and in Naval Power, and though there have been great Improvements in every other Art, yet hardly any of those lately made on the Construction of Ships have originated in our Dock Yards, but have generally been copied from Ships taken in War. — It would -seem as if some Public Encouragement were wanting for Inventions in this most important Art. Perhaps this Defect may in some Degree be supplied by the late Establishment of a Naval Society, instituted for this Purpose; and, as there are many Men of Genius, and practical Knowledge, Members of it, it is to be hoped that this Reproach will not long continue.

But though a great Saving in the Consumption of other Specie* of Oak Timber might undoubtedly be made, by the tut«Vw Oak.5*1" Means we have pointed out, and the Royal Forests probably may, under a proper Management, come to produce a sufficient Quantity for the Supply of the Navy, it remains still an Object well deserving the Attention of Government, to discover some other Kind of 'Free, which may be expected to answer instead of Oak, at least in the Construction of Trading Ships, and which will grow to sufficient Size on Soil not fit of Tillage. Such appears to be the rapid Advancement for the Commerce and Population of this Country, that not only all the Land at present in Cultivation is already found insufficient to produce Food for the Inhabitants; but, if the present Prosperity shall continue, all that is capable of Culture must, at no very distant Time, be required for that Purpose. The Soil fittest for Oak is the best also for Wheat; and the Woods of Oak cannot be increased, without encroaching on the Soil necessary, or which may soon become necessary, for the Subsistence of the People. It appears to us, therefore, advisable, that the British Consuls and Governors should be instructed to procure Seeds of all Trees which fall- within that Description, and of all such as are used in the Construction of Ships in Foreign Countries.

We observed in a former Report, that the Larch, Larch or Lari*, or Larix, was by far the most likely to answer this Fifth Report. Purpose, of any Kind of Tree of which we had obtained any certain Information; and we shall annex Appendix, N° 3*. to this Report a Copy of a Letter from Mr.

late principal Ship-builder to the Empress of,

at Petersburg}/,communicated to us by Mr. Thomas

Mitchell, late First Assistant to the Surveyor of the Navy, in which he says, that at Archangel the " Crown Ships are built of Larch, a Wood rather " preferable to Oak in Point of Duration, but in " respect of Moulding Stuff the same as the Oak."

We have other Information to the same Effect; but the Empress is said to be anxious to prevent the Exportation of the Seed of this Tree, or the Timber itself which is kept entirely for the Use of her Navy; and One Gentleman, who is connected with Russia, and w ho has given us the Information we requested concerning that Tree, has, at the same Time, desired his Name to be concealed.

In an Account of the Arsenal at Venice, given by no38.

John Strange, Esquire, the late Minister to that State, it is said, " that the Bottoms of the Ships of War " are sheathed with Larch, which makes an excellent " strong Sheathing."

Many Circumstances are mentioned by Evelyn, to shew that the Larch in former Times was very generally used, where lasting and substantial Timber was required, or where it was to be sometimes under Wa-? ter, and sometimes dry. " A Ship found in the " Numidian Seas, which had been 1,400 Years under Evelyn’s Sylva.

" Water, consisted of Larch and Cypress. The " Bridge to his Naumachia was built of it, and various " other Bridges, by Tiberius. Velruregrets that " they had not more of that useful Timber, and says " it will hardly burn *. It was used in Ship-building at Venice and at Naples; and seems to excel " for Beams, Doors, and Masts of Ships. It resists " the Worm, and, being driven into the Ground, it " becomes almost petrified, and will support an incredible Weight. It makes everlasting Spouts,

" Penthouses, and Featheredge, which need neither " Pitch nor Painting to preserve them; and also excellent, Pales, Posts, Rails, Pediments, and Props " for Vines; and in Switzerland (Dr. Hunter adds)

" they cover the Roofs of their Houses with " Shingles of Larch, and that it is remarked that " those Trees which have been planted in the worst

Et robust* Larix, igni impenetrabile Lignum.

" Soils

" Soils, and most exposed Situations, have thriven the " best.

The Larch is well known to grow very fast, notwithstanding its Strength and Hardness. The Seed was brought to this Country from the Alps, where it grows higher up in the Mountains than any other Tree. It is the natural Produce of Russia, a Climate colder than ours; and it grows luxuriantly in the most Northern and Mountainous Parts of this Coun-Fifth Report. try. We have before observed, that we do not mean

to recommend that the Larch Timber should be used in building Ships of War in this Country, while Oak can be had. The Russian Oak, to which it is preferred, is much inferior to the British. Indeed there is no Foreign Timber produced in any of the Northern Parts of Europe, or which can be brought to this Country without very great Expence, which is nearly equal in Quality to what grows in this Island. We only mean that the Larch is the best Substitute for Oak that we have heard of, if the Scarcity should become so great, as that our Dock Yards cannot be supplied with British Oak, and perhaps equal to any Foreign Oak produced in the North of Europe.

Its Hardness, Strength, and Durability, may, perhaps, ail be increased, by the Means of stripping off the Bark, which has such beneficial Effects on the Tom.3.*99. Oak. Buffon says, that "he caused Pines, Firs, and " other Species of Evergreens, to be barked standing; and as he found them live longer, after being " stripped of their Bark, than Oaks, on which the same " Operation had been performed, so their Wood acquired, proportionably, greater Hardness, Strength,

" and Solidity. It would therefore," he adds, " be " very useful to bark, standing, such Fir Trees as are " destined for Ships Masts, and to let them stand Two,

" Three, or Four Years to dry, whereby they would " acquire a Degree of Strength and Hardness much greater than in their natural State."

There are many Parts in the Forests, particularly in New Forest and W where the Soil is not of a Quality fit for the Growth of Oak, in which the Larch, the Fir, and the Pine, might be planted with great Advantage; and as the Larch is of far quicker Growth than the Oak, it may become very useful, if the Supply of Oak Timber in this Country should fail, before the Plantations which may be made in Consequence of the Plans we have suggested shall come to Maturity, iffwtrf the high Before we conclude this Report, we cannot avoid th^Caf C^1 of mentioning, among the Causes of the Scarcity of Wood.,umption 0 Timber, the high Price of Coal, which undoubtedly tends to increase the Consumption of Wood for Fuel, as well as the burning of Turf; for though it is not large Timber which is consumed in that Way, but Underwood and the Branches of Trees, yet the additional Demand for Underwood renders it more valuable, and the Growth of great Trees, by which it is injured, is the more discouraged. The Inducement to the wasteful Practice of lopping Trees is, by the same Means, increased; and the Rights which the neighbouring Inhabitants have, in many Instances, acquired, to be supplied with Firebote and Turbary, from the Forests, are rendered somewhat more valuable, and less easy to be redeemed.

The Quantity of Ground employed in the Produce of Underwood for Fuel cannot, without an actual Survey, be ascertained. A common Cottager’s Family, according to the Information we have received, will, in a Year, consume from a Quarter to Half an Acre of Underwood of 20 Years Growth; and if this be true, from Five to Ten Acres of Ground must be required for the constant Supply of such a Family with Fuel.

Smith's Wealth of This is as much Ground as would be necessary to produce, in Oats or Wheat, Food for at least Two Families, or in Potatoes for Six Families. It is true, that, in consequence of the Improvement of Roads, Vo l. 47.

and Increase of Inland Navigation, the Use of C°al Eleventh Report

has, of late, become more general than it formerly was;

yet as Wood and Turf are still commonly used in many v

Parts of England, the whole Quantity of Land employed in furnishing those Kinds of Fuel must be very considerable; and in this Country, where all the Land hitherto cultivated is found to be insufficient for the Produce of Com for the Sustenance of the Inhabitants, and where there is so much Danger of a Scarcity of Timber, it cannot but be lamented, that any considerable Part of the Soil should be so employed, while there is, under the Surface, an inexhaustible Store of Fuel of a much better Kind.

The Duty on Coal adds to this Evil, by increasing the Price, and consequently the Inducement to burn Wood; and it is unfortunate that the Public Exigencies should have required that Supply. This would naturally lead to an extensive and important Field of Enquiry, concerning the Effect of that Tax on Industry and Population, on the one Hand, and on the Public Revenue, on the other; but which lies beyond the Limits of w hat is committed to us. What we have said, however, seemed necessary, that it might not be supposed we had overlooked the Tendency which the high Price of Coal has to increase the Scarcity of Great Timber; and that the Effects we have pointed out might not escape Attention, if any Alteration or new Arrangement, concerning that Duty, should at any Time come under the Consideration of the Legislature.

We have now given, at considerable Length, as Conclusion, just an Idea as we are able, of the progressive State of the Timber in this Country, down to the present Times. We have given a Computation of the Consumption for Naval Purposes, founded on Official Information; and have shewn, as we apprehend, that there has long been a gradual Decrease in the Quantity of Timber, and an Increase in the Demand for it. We have endeavoured to point out the Causes of that Decrease; and to shew that those Causes must remain, while this Country continues to prosper. We have given a View also of the Supply which may be expected, and the Advantages which may be derived, from the Improvement and proper Management of the Royal Forests; suggesting, at the same Time, various Means which we think should be adopted, to lessen the Danger to be apprehended, from a Scarcity of Timber for the Support of the Navy.

In the Investigation of those Subjects, and in the Conclusions we have formed, we have not allowed ourselves to be influenced by popular Opinions, on the one Hand, nor by theoretical Arguments of Writers, however respectable, on the other; but have drawn our Information from Official Documents, and real Transactions; and have given the greatest Attention to the Testimony and Sentiments of Men, whose Situations or Employments enable them to judge, from their own Experience and Observation. We have guarded against the Effect of any Misrepresentation, from those who may, perhaps, be prejudiced, or partial, by the great Variety of the Sources from which we have derived our Information, by consulting Men whose Interests and Objects were different, and whose Character and Situation put them above Suspicion; and, in order that a Judgment may be formed how far our Conclusions are supported, and the Measures we have proposed are prudent or necessary, we have added the Authorities and Evidences on which our Opinions have been founded.

Chd Middleton, (l.s.)

Land Revenue Office, Jtf Call, (l.s.)

Scotland Yard, John For d(l.s.) 6th February 1792.

4C

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

APPENDIX.

N°. Page.

1. A Note of the Distribution of the several Shires of , for a Survey to be

taken of His Majesty’s Woods throughout the Realm, Anno 1608 - - 283

2. Articles and Instructions to be observed and kept for the better effecting and

Execution of His Majesty’s Service, in the surveying of His Highness’s Woods and Underwoods, i(io8 - - - 284

3. A Breviate of the Woods surveyed in the Forests, Parks, and Chases belonging to

His Majesty, 18th January 1608 - -- -- - 284

4. A Breviate of the King’s Woods upon Manors and Tenements, 18 January 1608 288

5. Abstract of the Two preceding Accounts of Woods surveyed in 1608; and a

Computation of the Number of Loads of Timber and Firewood therein comprised ..... ----- - 289

6. Account of the Contract Prices paid by the Navy Board for British Oak Timber,

Plank and Thick-stuff, and Sided Timber, shewing how long the Prices have continued as they are at present - -289

7. Questions proposed by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, to be answered

by the Purveyors of His Majesty’s Dock Yards; with their Answers - - 290

8. Questions proposed by the said Commissioners to sundry Timber Merchants;

with their Answers ----- --- 295

9. Questions proposed by the said Commissioners to several Land Surveyors with

their Answers ----- --- 300

10. Questions proposed by Thomas Mitchell, Esquire, late First Assistant to the Sur-

veyor of the Navy, at the Desire of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, to several eminent Ship Builders and others; with their Answers - 307

11. Questions sent by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to the Chairman of the General Quarter Sessions of the several Counties in and Wales',

with the Answers returned thereto - 314

12. Copy of a Contract with a Timber Merchant for the Supply of Timber to His Majesty’s Dock Yards; and State of the Proportions of the several Articles usually inserted in Contracts for Oak Timber, whether rough or sided - - 347

13. Account of the Quantity of Timber supplied from each of His Majesty’s Forests

for the Use of the Navy, from 1730 to 1787 ----- - 350

14. State of the Quantity of Timber in several of His Majesty’s Forests, in the Years

1608 and 1783.....351

15. Account of the Quantities of Pine Timber and Deals, imported into Great Britain

in 1721, 1771, and 1790 - -- 352

16. Account of the Quantity of Oak Timber and Plank, imported into Great Britain

in the Year 1790 .....- 352

17. Account of the Number and Tonnage of Ships belonging to the several Ports of Great Britain, in the Year 1755, and in every Fifth Year following, to 1785 inclusive ----- ----- -- 353

18. An Account of the Number and Tonnage of Trading Ships built in England and

Scotland, the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Man, and the British Planta-tations, in 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790 ----- -- 353

19. An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, belonging

to, and registered at, the several Ports in His Majesty’s Dominions, on the 30th of September 1788, 1789, and 1790 ----- - 334

20. Abstract of Returns of the Number and Tonnage of Vessels employed in the De-

partments of the Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, Customs, Excise, and Post Office, on the 30th of September 1790 - -- -- - 333

21. Account of the Total Value of Imports and Exports to and from Great Britain,

in every Tenth Year, from 1700 to 1780, and in each Year from 1780 to

179°.....-356

22. Account of the Number and Tonnage of Vessels built in the several Provinces of

North America, therein mentioned, during the Years 1769, 1770, and 1771 356

23. Account of the Tonnage of the Royal Navy, at the End of each Reign, from that

of Henry the Eighth to the End of the Reign of George the Second - 357

24. An Account of the Tonnage of all the Ships or Vessels belonging to the Navy,

at the Time of His Majesty’s Accession, in October 1760; and also on the 31st December 1788 - -- - 338

25. An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Oak Timber, Plank, and Thick-stuff,

received into each of His Majesty’s Yards, from the 25th of October 1760 to the 31st December 1788 ----- --- 358

26. An Account of the Foreign Plank (as nearly as it can be estimated) used by Merchant Builders, in the Construction of Ships of War for His Majesty’s Service, from the 25th October 1760 to the 31st December 1788 - - - - 358

27. An Account of the Stock of English Oak Timber and Knees (in rough Contents)

at the several Dock Yards, at the Time of His Majesty’s Accession, in October 1760; and also on the 31st of December17S8 ----- - 359

28. An

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii.

283

No. Page.

28. An Account of the Stock of Foreign Oak Timber, Plank, and Thick-stuff,

remaining in the several Dock Yards, on the 25th October 1760; and also on the 31st December 1788 - -- -- - 359

29. Questions proposed by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to Mr. Gabriel

Snodgrass, Surveyor of Shipping to the East Itidia Company, with his Answers; to which is annexed a Section of a 74 Gun Ship, and a Frigate, as built in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, and another on a Plan recommended by Mr. Snodgrass - -- - 359

30. Letter from Messrs. Abraham and William , relative to the Expence of

making Inclosures in the Forests for the Growth of Timber - - - 365

3t. Extract of a Letter from the Navy Board to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, concerning the Price of Oak Timber, and the Building and Duration of Ships - -- 365

32. Account of the Number of Ships of War built in His Majesty’s Dock Yards,

between the 25th October 1760 and 31st December 1788, with their Rates and Tonnage - -- 366

33. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Pepys to the Navy Board; with a

Discourse of the most seasonable Time of felling Timber, written for the Use of his Majesty (King James the Second) by LL. D. 1687;

and Sign Manual, directing an Experiment to be made of the Method recom-

mended by Dr. Plott - -- 367

34. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to the Navy

Board, relative to Experiments made with Oak Timber peeled standing, and Winter-felled; with their Answer ----- -- 369

35. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Thomas Nichols, Purveyor of Portsmouth Yard, to

the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, relative to stripping Trees of their Bark standing - - - -371

36. Letter from the Navy Board, respecting the Abuses arising from the Perquisite

of Chips taken by the Artificers of the Dock Yards - - - -371

37. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Yearns, principal Ship Builder to the Empress of

Russia, at Petersburgh, to Mr. Mitchell, late First Assistant to the Surveyor of the Navy - -- - 372

38. Questions proposed to John Strange, Esquire, late British Minister at Venice,

at the Desire of Sir Charles Middleton, Bart. Comptroller of the Navy; with his Answers - -- 373

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

N* 1.

A PARTICULAR Note of the Distribution of the severall Shires of England, for a Survey to bee taken

of his Ma" Woods throughout the Realme.

(Buckingham.

To the L. Chancellor are assigned the Countyes of

Salopp.

Denbigh.

Flynt.

f Sussex. Southampton. Cornwall.

To the L. Admirall, the Countyes of

To the L. Chamberlayne, the Countyes of -

To the Earle of Shrewsburye, the Countyes of

To the Earle

To the Earle

To the Earle

To the Earle and the L.

of Worcester, the Countyes of

of Northampton, the Countyes of of Salisburye, the Countyes of

?tanhop!r}the Countyes of

Vol. 47.

{Surrey.

Berk.

Devon.

Dorset.

Wiltes.

Somerset.

Suffolk.

fDarby.

< Nottingham. [Rutland.

Gloucester.

Worcester.

Hereford.

.Monmouth.

/York.

(Norfolk.

{Essex. Hartfordshire. Middlesex.

{Northampton. Huntingdon. Bedford.

To

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

To the Earle of Downbarre, the Countyes of

To the L. Zouch, the Countyes of

To the L. Knollys, the Countyes of -To the L. Wotton, the Countyes of

To S' John Herbert, are assigned the Countyes of

To S' Julius Caesar, the Countye of -To S' Thomas Parrye, the Countyes of

Cumberland. Northumberland. I Westmorland. Durham.

(Cambridge. Leycester. Brecknock. Cardigan. Jtadnor.

/Stafford.

/Oxon.

/Kent.

/Warwick.

f Pembroke. Caermerthen. Merioneth. Glamorgan. Mountgomery. VCaernervon.

- Lyncolne.

f Cheshire. "/Lancashire.

N* 2.

ARTICLES and Instruccons to be observed and held for the better effecting and execucon of his Ma" S'vice, in Surveying of his Highnes Woods and Underwoods.

Itm. You shall ^vey and Certifie and all his Ma‘* Woods and Underwoods, in and uppon all his Ma" Forrests, Parks, & Chases, and in and uppon all his Ma" Mannors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as well in his Ma" owne hands and possession, as in the Possession of any of his Farmers, by Demise or otherwise, and in the possession of any of his Ma" Tennants by Court Roll, either for Lyves, yeares, or inheritaunce: lying and being in the said County, not formerly Surveyed by his Highnesse Commission; and the same you shall Certify accordingly.

Itm. You shall number and valew severally by themselves, and Certify accordingly, all Tymber Trees, in and uppon the Premisses respectively; and you shall likewise Certify the qualitie of the said Timber Trees; and you shall marke every one of the said Timber ‘ Trees.

Itm. You shall number and valewe as aforesaid, and certify accordingly, all decaying Timber Trees, in and uppon the Premisses respectively; and you shall lyke-wise Certify the qualitie of the said decaying Timber Trees.

Itm. You shall number and valewe as aforesaid, and Certify accordingly, all great Trees, that be no Timber Trees, and all dead and decayed Trees, in and uppon the P'misses respectively; and you shall Certify likewise the Qualitie of the same.

Itm. You shall number and Certify all Saplings in and uppon the Premisses respectively.

Itm. You shall measure and Plott out all his Ma" Coppics in and uppon the P'misses respectively, and the Measure for quantity of Acres, and the Plott, you shall Certify and retorne accordingly.

Itm. You shall enquyre of the present growth of the said Coppics respectively, and at. what growth they have bene usually cutt, and what the Woodds present uppon them be worth to be Sold, and what they be worth communibus Annis to be lett; and whether the said Coppics be in continuall Severalty, (Yea) or (noe); and the reason why they bee not soe.

Item. You shall enquyre and Certify what Wood Grownds his Ma"* hath w,hin the P'misses respectively; what grounds hath bene heretofore Wood, and now Converted to other use, how long since, and by whom; what Wasts and Spoyles have bene made of his Ma" Woods, how long since, by whom, and of what valewe; also what Trees or Coppics have bene Sold or delyvered to any Pson or Psons w,hin these tenne yeares now last past, when, and for what Summes, by whome, to whom, and by what War-raunt.

N* 3.

18 Jan. 1608.

A BREYIAT E of the Woods Survayed in the Forests, Pk.es, & Chases, belonging to his Ma‘r; gathered

by Jo. Thorpe, and Rob. Treswell, Surveyors.

EXCHEQUER.

Bedford

Forests, Parks, Chases.

Ampthill Parks

rymber Trees Decayinge Trees

Coppices out of Lease

j Nombr. Value.

£. s. d.

25,112 7,722 3 4

1,018 329

Acr. R. £. s.

123 1 14 7 —

Berk

13° Februarii.

285

Berk - -Parks

Buckingham

Cantu? - -

Caermarthen

Denbigh Dorset - -

Eborum - -

Essex - -

Huntingdon

Leicest?

Montgomery

Nottingham

Vol. 47.

- Windsor Forrest

East Harrell -

- < Sunning Great

Little Moat

j'Barnewood -

fwhittlevvooood

- Eltham Parkes - -

Penrin - - ]

Pennyhearth - r £2

Cardiffe - - J

Riffi" Parke - -

Parkes

Gillingham Forrest Gillingham Park Galtress Forrest

Wanlas Parke

{Tymber Trees -Decayinge Trees - *,

Coppices -

Tymber Trees -

Decayinge Trees - -

.Coppices -

Tymber Trees -

Decayinge Trees - -

Coppices in Lease - -

Coppices & Woodes out] of Lease - - - -J

(Tymber Trees -

Decayinge Trees - -

Coppices -

fTymber Trees -Decayinge Trees [Coppices - -

Tymber Trees - - -Decayinge Trees - -

Coppices out of Lease -

{Tymber Trees -Decayinge Trees Younge Saplinges

mber Trees -Decayinge Trees Saplinges - -

p

{Tymber Trees -Decayinge Trees - -

Saplinges -

{Tymber Trees -

Decayinge Trees - -

Coppices -

'Tymber Ashes -

Decayinge Trees - -

Coppices - -

Coverdale Chase Havering Parke

- Somcrsam Parke

- Coppices - -

{Tymber Trees -

Decayinge Trees - -

Other decayinge Trees -

fTymber Trees -

I Decayinge Trees - -

Somersam Chase

Coppices out of Lease -

Tymber Trees -

Decayinge Trees - -

Forrests -

Parkes -

Park - -

Sherewood Forrest

[Coppices out of Lease -

fTymber Trees -

- < Decaying Trees [Coppices

fTymber Trees -- s Decaying Trees -[Coppices - -

fTymber Trees -[Decayinge Trees

fTymber Trees -[Decayinge Trees

Nomber. Eleventh Report Value. of the Board of Land Revenue.

v v>r — - —

£. s.d.

3. >47 1,490 10 —

>,54> 482 13 4

- - - 42

7,59c 4,265 18 4

7.270 1,456 1 8

Ac r.

>5 1 17 6 p Annu.

21,613 14,119 17 —

408 185 15 2

Acr.

1,562 100 p Annu.

Acr.

238 47 p Anna.

4.927 4,55i 11 —

15,918 2,841 3 6

6,542 817 17 6

17,296 1,271 5 6

727 90 17 6

3,054 223 12 —

Acr.

197 15 — — p Annu.

50 20

1,595 54 5 4

9,500 — -

4,651 1,224 18 —

19,816 2,747

1,871 —

408 180 6 —

2,427 363 8 —

14 —

2,797 902 7 —

14,360 2,291 3 8

257 51 6 —

Load.

2,494 C* O I

Acr.

204 Wasted.

78 71 8 —

860 667 16 -

8,176 1 O 10

3,485 380 13 4

20 768

Acr.

230 24 p Annu.

>4,42.5 1,077

Null.

Acr.

541 5 2 —

163 16

9,570 478 10 —

2,753 1,524

2,102 160

640 96

3,290 246 15 —

23,370 15,790

34,900 9,338 6 8

4 D Northampton

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

Northampton - Forests

Tymber Oaks Tymber Ashes -Decayinge Trees

Parks

Oxon

Perabroc

Rutland - -

Salop

Somersett

Stafford

[Coppices out of Lease

I Tymber Oaks - -

Tymber Ashes - -

Decayinge Trees

Coppices out of Lease

Tymber Oakes - -

Tymber Ashes - -

Decayinge Trees

- Forrests - - - - <

Coppices in Lease -

Coppices out of Lease

fTymber Trees - -

I Decayinge Trees - Forrests - - - - \Sapplinges -

/Coppices out of Lease

1 Tymber Trees - -

Decayinge Trees -

Coppices fellable

Tymber Trees - -

Decayinge Trees

Coppices -

/Tymber Trees - -

/Decayinge Trees

/Tymber Trees - -

/Decayinge Trees

{Tymber Trees - -

Decayinge Trees Saplinges Trees

'Tymber Trees - -

Decayinge Trees - (Coppices 18 - -

Aldermores -

.Lopps of Trees - -

Wards and Lands - (Tymber Trees - -ft Jccayinge 1 rees

Park

- Forrests -Parks -

- Forrests -

Southampton - Forrests 3 -

Parks

Surrey - - - Forrests -

Parkes -

/Tymber Trees - -/Decayinge Trees

{Tymber Trees -

Decaying Trees - -

Coppices - -

Tymber Trees - -

I Decayinge Trees

.Coppices - -

Worcestr.

fWyer and Fecknam^ / Forrests & Wasts

Tymber Trees - -

Decaying Trees - -

Undervvoodes - -

Coppices in Lease -

Coppices out of Lease

Nombtr. Value.

£. s. d.

93,942 46,354 17 6

50 50

712 242 16 8

Acr.

6,342 —

14,198 4,608 17 6

l80 60

119 34 16 8

Acr.

348 43 9 11 pAnn.

58,936 25,542

2,678 237 17 8

3,722 846 10 4

Acr.

1,663 21218 9 p Ann.

Acr.

1,981 257 11 4 p Ann.

2,666 327 i.5 —

22,884 1,331 9 6

21,032

Acr.

786 71 p Annu.

6,955 3,610 14 —

2,326 826 5 —

Acr.

1,152 96 19 i£

3,361 1,962 11 —

1,017 335 4 —

Acr.

697 33 13 4 p Annu.

6 1 16 —

142 10 14 8

154 OO <0

699 29 10 —

1,362 398 9 —

3,902 581 16 4

1,524 —

151,753 67,842 11 8

Load.

154,2.52 13,030 6 2

Acr.

1,304 1,194 9 8

Acr.

96 73 13 8

Load.

25,000 1,766 13 4

36,372 15,714 6 4

41,830 3,726

5,081 2,108 18 4

12,728 1,181 10 —

6,157 2,730 14 3

5,083 i,939 5 8

2,488 i,i57 19 8

3,367 1,082 13 5

Acr.

38 3 16 — - p Annu.

12,520 6,099 12 —

25,900 4,778 2 8

- 134

Acr.

603 41 15 — p Annu.

Acr. *

447 10 14 — p Annu.

Bewdley

Wiltess - -

Bewdley Park -

fPewsham -< Blackmore ^Braden

:1

13° Februarii.

{Tymber Trees -Decaying Trees -Coppices - -

a

o

rTymber Trees - -

Decayinge Trees -

Coppices in Lease -

Coppices out of Lease

Nomber. Value.

£. s. d.

1,887 i,943 15 —

2,265 1,088 17 —

41,792 28,651 — 8

36,404 M,78o 13 —

Acr. v

320 —

Acr.

89 276

287

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

D U C H Y E.

Buckingham

Derby

Ebofum

Hartford

Leicester

Wiltess

Forrests, Parks, Chases.

- Olney Parke

- Wardes

{Tymber Trees -Tymber Ashes -Decayinge Trees

fTymber Trees -\Decayinge Trees

Mannsfield - - - fTymber Trees -

Parks <

Ravensdale - - - [Decayinge Trees

Knaresborough

Forest

Pickering

Parks,

De la hay Pontefract Ack worth Cridling Altofts -Bilton »

- fTymber Trees -

____ ! Decayinge Trees

- - - [Coppics -

Tymber Trees [Decaying Trees

Hatfield Chase — Utterlie wasted.

- - Leicester Forrest -

Tooley Parke

- Alborn Chase

{Tymber Trees -

Decayinge Trees - -

Coppics.

fTymber Trees - -

\Decayinge Trees -

{Tymber Trees - -

Decayinge Trees -

Small Beeches - -

(Tymber Trees - -

Great Trees no Timber Dead and decayed Trees

Nomber.

Value.

£. s. d.

1,012 355 15 9

640 83 9 4

‘ 2,103 359 1 8

1,774 1,000 2 —

4,426 668 16 —

Null.

4,217 76 19 —

1,384 482 6 8

7,534 313 13 6

1,776 727 8 8

2,781 633 19 4

1,281 1,528 4 8

7,083 2,194 14 —

3,055 667 — 10

1,170 214 7 4

2,102 494

1,086 204 1 —

270; 252 12 4

99° 380 16 —

2,234 894 12

3,128 971 17

EXCHEQUER. Totall of the said Tymber Trees f p0tTests -

566,179, whereof in

; Parkes [Chases

Totall of all the saied decaying f^or[es^s Trees, 455,259, hereof in I - *fkes

,259,

Totall of all the saied Coppice Acr

Wooddes; 18,035, whereof

[Chases ——

In Lease.

Out of Lease.

J

470,930 80,824 M,425

395,oi8 ]

60,241 >

Null. J

£. t. d.

260,847 2 3

69,496 18 7

DUCHYE.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

13° Februarii.

d u c H Y E.

14,014, whereof in

otall of the saied d 36,032, whereof in

otall of all the Si Woodds -

fforrests - - - 6,213. 1

Parkes ... 6,171 1

[Chases 990' J

fforrests t - . 14,486 ]

Parkes 16,184 >

[Chases - 5,3«2 J

In Lease ... —

Out of Lease

A. 1792.

£. s. d. 5,621 3

6,788 9 2

t r

N‘ 4.

A BREVIATE of the King’s Woods uppon Manours and Tenements, gathered by Jo. Thorpe, and

Robert Treswell, 18 Jan. 1608.

EXCHEQUER LANDS.

Demeasnes and Tenantes Landes.

Timber Trees. ' Value. IP Decayed. Value.

> Demeasnes - - - 132,345 £. s. d. 39,326.17 11 102,722 £. s. d. 12,006 18 5

Coppyeholdes of Inheritance *5,461 821 2 8 6,781 266 6 5

Customarye Landes - 9,007 2,909 6 1 1,734 151 1 —

Coppyeholdes for Lyves - ’- 8,317 -653 118 O 00 750 8 —

Coppyeholdes for Yeares - 151 21 — — - 6,9c 8 636 13 6

Wastes - 20,071 4,246 16 — 20,200 1,080 10 —

Tottis of the Number of the Tymber Trees as afores* is 175,352 Trees, Vat at.....- -

Tottis of the Number of the decayinge Trees as aforesaid is 146,195 Trees, Vat at-....

Tottis of all the Coppice Woodes 10,166 Ac* whereof - {outtifXease

£. s. d. 47,978 14 4

14,891 17 4

r

Demeasnes and Tenantes Landes Pcell of the Duchye of Lancacster-

Tymber. Value. 4 Decay. Value.

£. *. d. £. s. d.

Demeasnes - 24,875 8,835 14 6 40,633 4,862 17 10

Coppyeholdes of Inheritance 595 96 929 123 8 —

Coppyeholdes for Yeares - 1,464 1 1 £ 400 30

Wastes - 2,269 797 6 6 2,610 281 — —

Tottis of the Number of the Tymber Trees as aforesaid is 29,203 Trees, £. s. d.

Vat at - - - - 10,493 1 —

Tottis of the Number of the said decayinge Trees as aforesaid is 44,572

Trees, Vat at ----- ----- 5,297 5 10

Ac*.

Tottis of all the Coppice Woodes fin I/jase 1,449, worth - 241 11 10 p Ann.

Ac8. Ro. s Ac9. R.

is 1,490. 2. whereof - - [Out of Lease, 41. 2. - - 85 — p Ann.

N# 5.

F

289

N* 5.

ABSTRACT of the foregoing Accounts of Woods surveyed, in Forests, Parks, and Chases, and upon Manors and Tenements belonging to the Crown, in the Year 1608; and a Computation of the Number of Loads of Timber and Firewood therein comprized.

Timber Trees. Decayed Trees.

/ — N r A

Number. Value. Number. Value.

£. d. £. s. d.

Forests, [Exchequer 566,179 260,847 2 3 455,259 69,496 18 7

Parks, and <! 1 1

Chases: 1 [Duchy - - - .14,014 5,621 3 11 36,032 6,788 9 2

Manors [Exchequer 175,352 47,978 14 4 146,195 14,891 17 4

and j

Tenements: I [Duchy - 29,203 10,493 1 — 44,572 5,297 5 10

Totals 784,748 324,940 1 6 682,058 96,474 10 11

The Number of Loads of Timber, computed at l os. per Load, is - 649,880 Loads.

The Number of Loads of decayed Trees, computed at 20 per Load

Cvide Statement N° 14, and Notes subjoined) is - - - - 1,148,660 Loads.

N* 6.

Navy Office, 12th May 1791. An ACCOUNT of the Contract Prices paid by the Navy Board for British Oak Timber, Plank, and

Thick-stuff.

TIMBER in a rough State:

For Straight of 100 Feet Meetings, and -Compass of 96

in Addition thereto, in Consideration that no Tops received, but what are described in the Contracts. Straight from 100 to 190 Feet -Compass - -96-182-

Straight - - 190 - 270 ——

Compass - - 182 - 259 ——

Straight - - 100 - 90 -

Compass - -96-86-Straight - -90-80-Compass - -86-77-Straight - -80-70-Compass - - 77 - 67 -

Compass — 67 - 53

The highest Contract Meetings are, Straight -

Compass

The lowest - Straight -

Compass

-1 £. 4 5 — per Load.

- and/ — 3 — per Load,

are to be

-1 Advances One Shilling in -J every Five Feet. -^Advances Six Pence in every -J Five Feet.

-"[Falls One Shilling in every -J Five Feet.

-j Falls Two Shillings in every -J Five Feet.

-"[Falls Two Shillings and Six

- J Pence in every Five Feet. ffallsThree Shillings in every [ Five Feet.

- 270 to 230 Feet.

- 259 - - 220.

70 - - 60.

- 53- - 45-

N. B. — Two Shillings per Load Advance is given for what is delivered at Sheerness Yard.

These Prices have continued as they are at present ever since the Year 1756, except that in 1772 a Reduction was made of Two Shillings per Load for Plymouth Yard, which till then was the same as Sheerness now is. For such Timber as is Winter-felled a further Allowance is made of 7/. 3s. per Cent.

PLANK OAK, English:

4 I"ch - -; -; I £ pe; For 211 Yards.

Which have been the Prices ever since 1769.

THICK-STUFF OAK, English:

The Prices of this Article depend upon its Meetings, and what Uses it is qualified for. If for Clamps, it is from - - £.10 — — to £. 8 1 — per Load.

Spirketting - - - - 95- — to 711 —

Wales - - - - 8 10 — to 71 —

These Prices have remained the same from the Year 1777.

SIDED TIMBER:

The Prices of Sided Timber likewise depend upon its Meetings, and upon the Parts of a Ship, as well as the Class of Ships, for which, from the Nature of its Growth, it is adapted. Both the one and the other Vol. 47. 4 E of

290 IS0 Febniarii. A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of these Particulars are very various; and the Prices are from 10/. 10s. to per Load, between which

of the BtoriUf there are many intermediate Prices.-

Revenue. In Consequence of these Circumstances, it is thought that a Copy even of the whole Scheme of the Sided

----- v ----- ' Contract would hot be more satisfactory than the above.

The Prices have continued the same ever since 1777.

Memm. — it may be necessary to add, that when it appears that the Expence to the Contractor of the Land and Water Carriage of Sided Timber, and of the Thick-stuff, Plank, and Knees, that are to be delivered on his Contract for Sided Timber, exceeds 18 per Load, One Half of the exceeding is allowed him, provided that. Half does not exceed 7 s.

per Load, not more than 7 6d. per Load being ever allowed.

N* 7.

Navy Office, 6th May 1791.

Gentlemen,

We herewith return the several Questions transmitted to us in your Letter of the 30th past, with the Purveyors Answers noted against each, as you desired.

We are,

Gentlemen,

Your very humble Servants,

Martin, Geo.

Geo. Rogers.

Comm" Land Revenue.

QUESTIONS proposed by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, to be answered by the Purveyors of His Majesty’s Dock Yards; with their Answers.

Question 1.

Whether the Quantity of large Oak Timber in general, fit for the Use of the Navy, is increased or diminished within Memory, in that Part of the Kingdom with which you are best acquainted ? naming the Counties.

Answers.

1. By Mr. Thomas Nichols, Purveyor of Portsmouth Yard.

Greatly decreased in all the Woodland Counties, but more particularly in

Sussed, Herefordshire, Somersetshire,

Hampshire, Gloucestershire, And the

Berkshire, Shropshire, Counties.

Kent, Dorsetshire,

2. By Mr. Thomas Harrison, Purveyor of Plymouth Yard.

Considerably diminished in the Counties of

Devon, Worcester,

Somerset, Salop,

Gloucester, Cheshire,

Her ford, And Part of Stafford.

Monmouth, Glamorgan, Car A niarthen, Pembroke, Brecon, Wales.

and Radnor, J

And Montgomery - North Wales.

3. By Mr. George Evens, Purveyor of Chatham Yard.

5. By Mr. Benjamin Slade, Purveyor of Deptford Yard.

The Counties I have principally been acquainted with are,

Berkshire, Northampton, Suffolk, and

Bucks, Some small Part of Hants, Norfolk;

in all of which Counties large Timber is greatly diminished; and more particularly in every Maritime County which lay convenient for Water Carriage. In the Counties of Suffolk and No folk, 20 or 30 Years ago, many Thousand Loads of Timber were produced, which do not now produce so many Hundreds; the Inland Counties of Hertford and Bedford are very near exhausted of large Timber, as being tolerably convenient for the River Thames.

Question 2.

Whether, particularly, the Quantity of such Timber growing in Woods is increased or diminished ?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — Decreased.

Mr. Harrison. — Diminished.

Mr. Evens. — The Quantity of Oak Timber, in Woods in general, is decreased in the Five Years I’ve been in the Employ.

Mr. Cross. — The Quantity of such Timber growing in Woods is diminished.

Mr. Slade. — See his Answer to Question 3.

Question 3.

Whether there is an Increase or Decrease of such Timber growing in Hedge Rows ?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — Decreased.

Mr. Harrison. — Decrease.

Mr. Evens. — -A very great Decrease.

Mr. Cross. — A Decrease.

Mr. Slade. — In the Counties I am acquainted with,

the Timber has been mostly in Parks or Hedges round Farms, which when felled is seldom replaced, either by planting or saving the Acorn. The Birds sometimes drop an Acorn, a Plant will spring up, and if protected by other Shrubs from the Cattle, may grow to Maturity. Such Timber which is felled in Woods, and the Root left in the Ground, may produce Underwood, but seldom any more Timber of Size; consequently Timber decreases in both Instances.

The Oak Timber fit for the Use of the Navy is diminished in general, and in those Counties that I have been mostly in; viz.

Kent, Essex, Parts of

Sussex, No folk, shire and Yorkshire.

4. By Mr. John Cross, Purveyor of Yard.

The Quantity of large Oak Timber in general, fit for the Use of the Navy, is diminished within Memory in the Counties of

Middlesex, -Essex, with many

Sktrey, Suffolk, more Counties.

Question 4.

Whether the Growth of Oak Timber in Hedge Rows is generally encouraged, or whether the grubbing up of Hedge Rows for the enlarging of Fields, and improving Arable Ground, is become common in those Counties ?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — Generally encouraged. There are particular Instances of Hedge Rows being grubbed up, but it is by no Means a common Practice.

Mr. Harrison. — Not encouraged; the grubbing up

of

£91

of Hedge Rows, for the enlarging of Fields, and the improving of Amble Ground, is become common.

Mr. Evens. — The Growth of Oak Timber in Hedge Rows is discouraged for the enlarging of Fields and improving of Arable Lands; and in some Situations, where the Hedge Rows are not grubbed up, the Trees aro so lopped as to render them generally defective when of full Growth, and the Hedge Rows in great Part of the County of Norfolk are Oak Pollards.

Mr. Cross. — The Growth of Oak Timber in Hedge Rows is in some Places encouraged, in others grubbed up for enlarging of Fields, and improving of Arable Ground, but not in general.

Mr. Slade. — Every Gentleman who has a Timbered Estate, will do all he can to protect it from Depredation, either by cutting off the Heads or Limbs, which is certain Destruction. The Tenant too frequently does it, if the Branches overshadow the Ground too much. I never knew an Instance where Oak Timber has been grubbed up for the Purpose of enlarging Fields, or improving Arable Ground; w'hen the Tree has been felled, the Gap has been filled up to prevent Cattle from roving.

Question 5.

Whether in such Oaken Woods as are cut at stated Periods in Succession, it is customary to leave young Saplings at each Cutting? And if so, whether they are generally barked at the Second Fall, and cut down for Country Uses, or preserved for Timber?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — In cutting of the Underwood at stated Periods, it is usual in some Counties to leave the young Oak Saplings to stand for Timber, where the Soil is suitable for the Grow th of it; in others it has been a Practice to let them stand till a Second Cutting, and then fell them for Country Uses; but this Custom is not so common as it was some Years ago, particularly in Herefordshire, Gloucestershire, Shrop-shire, and the Welsh Counties, where this Practice mostly prevailed.

Mr. Harrison. — Saplings are left at each Cutting, but generally barked at the Second Fall, and cut down for Country Use.

Mr. Evens. — It is the Practice in some such Woods to leave Saplings at each Cutting, and frequently to cut down such Saplings as were left at the former Cutting of the Underwood.

Mr. Cross. — In such Oaken Woods as are cut at stated Periods in Succession, it is customary to leave young Saplings at each Cutting, and in some Places (not general) all barked at Second or Third Fall, and cut down for Country Uses: In these Cases, the raising Oak Timber is for ever cut off.

Mr. Slade. — I think there is an Act which obliges every Person who cuts a Coppice to leave a certain Number of Tillers or Saplings on a Rood, with a View to encourage the Growth of Timber; and I believe, in some Measure, it is complied with; but on the Second Cutting, when these Saplings become valuable for Use, for Hop Poles, or other Purposes, and Bark, they generally are taken down, and the same Number of young Saplings again left, by which Means the Increase of Timber is prevented.

Question 6.

Whether the Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals made during the last Thirty Years, have not, by reducing the Expence of Carriage, been the Means of bringing large Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yarks, which could not otherwise have been brought there ?

Vol. 47.

Answers. Eleventh Report

Mr. Nichols. — The Improvements made in Roads, ilndRc^nae!51

and the Navigable Canals, have been certainly the v__________/

Means of getting Timber to the Dock Yards, from Places that were almost inaccessible before.

Mr. Harrison. — The Improvement of Roads has certainly been the Means of bringing large Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yards, out of the above-mentioned Counties, but not the Canals.

Mr. Evens. — The Improvement of Roads and Navigable Canals have been the Means of bringing large Supplies to the Navy Dock Yards of late Years, that otherwise could not have been brought.

Mr. Cross. — The Improvement of Roads and Navigable Canals, made during the last Thirty Years, have reduced the Expence of Carriage, and been the Means of bringing large Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yards, which could not otherwise have been brought there (w ithout a very great Expence.)

Mr. Slade. — Undoubtedly opening the Country by improving the Roads and cutting Canals, has been the Means of bringing Timber to Hand, which otherwise would have either perished or been made Use of for Country Uses. But the Encouragement given by Government to the Timber Merchant, by allowing a certain Proportion of Carriage, has enabled them to bring Timber from a Distance which they would never have attempted; at first it was of great Use, when the Timber in the distant Counties was purchased much cheaper than it is now. Gentlemen are become better acquainted with the Value of Timber, as they find it more easy to be removed by the Country being more accessible.

Question 7.

Whether, of late Years, greater Quantities of Timber have not, in Consequence of this increased Facility of Carriage, been felled in those Parts of the Country which were before inaccessible, than they will be able to continue permanently to supply?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — In Consequence of the improved Roads and Navigable Canals, great Quantities ot Naval Timber have been obtained from the Inland Counties, and the Stock is now' much lessened; but the young Timber Trees, and the Woodlands in general, in those Counties, are better attended to, as Timber is become of more Value, and will, I presume, afford a permanent Supply, though perhaps not of any great Quantities, for some Years, nor adequate to the Demand.

Mr. Hen 'rison. — Yes.

Mr. Evens. — Most certainly; and, in my Opinion, they will not be able to continue a permanent Supply from those Woods, as those I have seen within the Three last Years, they have felled the Whole, both large and small; and some Woods are entirely grubbed up.

Mr. Cross. — Greater Quantities of Timber, in Consequence of this increased Facility of Carriage, have been felled in these Parts of the Country which were before inaccessible, but (from the great Consumption of Timber) a permanent Supply cannot possibly be expected.

Mr. Slade. — Within 20 or 25 Years great Quantities of Timber have been brought to the Dock Yards, and are now bringing, from the Counties of Her ford,

Monmouth, Worcester, Shropshire, and Montgomery, from the Improvement of the Roads, and Encouragement given; but I am of Opinion large Navy Timber becomes very scarce; and the Reason is obvious — some of those Counties grow great Quantities of Cyder, and large Timber made use of by the Coopers, for the making Vessels, and great Prices given for Timber, which

not

Eleventh Repork not only diminishes the Timber, but takes it out of the of the Board of Hands of the Timber Merchant, who cannot give the Laud Revenue. Prices of 3 Shillings, or 35. a Foot on the Spot.

Question 8.

Whether the general Consumption of Oak Timber, for building or other Uses, within those Counties, is increased or diminished; and to what Cause, in your Opinion, is such Increase or Decrease to be imputed ?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — Greatly decreased, in Consequence of being supplied with Fir Timber, by the Means of the improved State of the Roads and the Canals.

Mr. Harrison. — Diminished: ist. There being many small Farms thrown into One, whereas One House and Appurtenance serve, where used to be an House and Appurtenance to each Farm.

2d. Less Quantity of Timber in the building of Houses than used to be, particularly of Oak.

3d. Since the Improvement of Roads and Navigable Canals made, great Quantities of Fir Timber have been brought into the interior Parts of the Country, which have lessened the Consumption of Oak Timber for House-building, &c.

Mr. Evens. — The general Consumption of Oak Timber in those Inland Counties is increased; the Cause in some Measure is, that in that Part of the Country the Navigable Canals are cut through, is become more populous, and an Increase of Buildings: Also conceive that a greater Quantity of young Timber is used for the Locks and Boats for the Navigation, &c. on such Canals.

Mr. Ci'oss. — The general Consumption of Oak Timber, for Building or other Uses, within these Counties, is greatly increased by the Increase of the Navy, Trade in general, and Increase of Scantlings in East India Ships.

Mr. Slade. — In all Inland Counties, where Fir Timber and Deals are not to be had without great Expence, Oak Timber is generally made Use of for Building of every Description j Rooms are laid with Oak of the best Quality; Studies fitted. I do not know any Consumption of Oak Timber greater than Coopers Ware, particularly in the Cyder Counties. I have known Forty Guineas given for a Tree of Five Load; the Reason it does not increase, is Want of Attention in planting and nurturing the young Oaks.

Question 9.

Whether the Price of Oak Timber for Carpenters, or Country Uses, is increased within the last 40 Years, and in what Proportion?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — Much the same.

Mr. Harrison. — Increased One Third.

Mr. Evens. — By what Enquiries I have made, find, that for near Twenty Years past the price of Carpenters Timber, or for other Country Uses, has been nearly the same.

Mr. Cross. — The Price of Oak Timber for Carpenters, or Country Uses, is greatly increased within these last Forty Years, but to what Amount am not able to say.

Mr. Slade. — As it becomes more scarce it increases in Price. I suppose within the Time mentioned it may have done so near One Fourth (this more from the Report of others than from my own Observation.)

I am pretty confident that large Oak Timber fit for the Navy is increased more than 30 per Cent, to the Purchaser.

Question to.

Whether the Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals, have not introduced the Use of Coal in Parts of the Country in which Wood was before generally used for Fuel? And whether in such Parts the Demand for Underw'ood, and the Value of it, have been increased or lessened ?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — The Introduction of Coal by the Means of the Canals has lessened the Consumption of Fuel Wood in many Places, and lowered the Price of it.

Mr. Harrison. — The Improvement of Roads, and Navigable Canals made, have certainly been the Means of introducing the Use of Coal into many Parts of the Country where Wood was formerly used for Fuel; but Wood for Fuel is not totally exploded. In most Parts of the Country the Farmers and Cottagers lop the Hedge Row' Trees, &c. by which Means the best formed Timber for Ship-building is very much injured. In some of the above mentioned Counties Underwood is increased in Demand and in Value, owing to the Increase of the manufacturing of Iron, and the Demand for Hop Poles.

Mr. Evens. — ’notwithstanding Coals are more generally introduced, I have found, on different Enquiries, that Underwood has advanced in Price within these few Years.

Mr. Cross. — The Improvement of Roads and the Navigable Canals have introduced the Use of Coals in Parts of the Country in which Wood was before generally used for Fuel. In such Parts the Demand for Underwood, and the Value of it, rather think is neither increased or lessened. (The Improvement of Roads, &c. opened other Markets, and general Rise of Necessaries has kept up the Price.)

Mr. Slade. — In the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, and others, where the Inland Parts have been made accessible by the Canals, and to which Coals have been introduced, has lessened the Consumption of Wood for Fuel, which is produced from the Heads of the Trees. Underwood is made Use of generally for Charcoal and Small Coal, and conveyed to Cities and manufacturing Towns, which require it The larger Sort of Cord wood is consumed at the Iron Works; — and bears more or less Prices, from 6 Shillings to 10 Shillings or 12 Shillings per Cord, on the Spot, as more or less wanted: Where there are many Forges, I have known it very eagerly enquired after, and fetch a great Price. Where Coal is to be had cheap for Family Use, I believe Cord wood ,or Chips are not in much Estimation.

Question 11.

Whether, in those Parts of the Country in which Underwood is more valuable in Consequence of a Demand for Hop Poles, or from other Causes, it has become the Practice of late Years, more than formerly, to cut down the Great Timber Trees on Account of the Injury they do to the Underwood?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — It is a Practice in some Parts of the Country, but I believe not so much as formerly.

Mr. Harrison. — Yes it has.

Mr. Evens. — In some Parts of the Weald of and Sussex there is a Succession of Timber Trees left in those Woods; but in the higher Lands of Kent, the growing Timber Trees have been taken down of late Years more than formely, as injurious to the Underwood, and generally managed as per Answer to Question the 5th.

Mr. Cross. — In those Parts of the Country in which Underwood is more valuable, it has become the Practice of late Years, more than formerly, to cut the Great Timber Trees, on Account of the Injury they do to the Underwood.

Mr.

Mr. Slade. — I never knew an Instance of it; and I should esteem a Person deprived of Reason to do so. I have often seen very fine Oak Timber in Coppices which has been very thick of Underwood, and which has been improving. When Oak Trees are young, I am of Opinion the Underwood growing round them is a Protection, and draws them up to a Heighth. It is from Places of this Sort, and from Woods, all the Plank and Thick-stuff is produced; the Hedge Rows being generally crooked and stunted in their Growth, as not being so well protected when young.

Question 12.

Whether there has been a greater Quantity of Woodland, formerly producing Oak, converted to Tillage within Memory, than of Land of a fit Soil newly planted with Oak ?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — I think much the same.

Mr. Harrison. — More Woodlands formerly producing Oak, converted to Tillage, than Land of a fit Soil newly planted.

Mr. Evens. — From what Observations I have made, it appears, that there was formerly a greater Quantity of Woodlands producing Oaks, which is now converted to Tillage, particularly in the Corn Counties. The new Plantations that I know of are principally for Hop Poles, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex.

Mr. Cross. — I believe there has been a greater Quantity of Woodlands, formerly producing Oak, converted to Tillage, within Memory, than of Land of a fit Soil newly planted with Oaks.

Mr. Slade. — I have not a Doubt but this Country

of

formerly was much more woody than at present, particularly near Navigable Rivers; which Land has, many Years ago, been converted to Tillage; for as, on the one Hand, the Navy has greatly increased, both in Number and Size, so has Commerce likewise, which has occasioned great Consumption of Timber; so, on the other, Population has also increased, which has required more Land to be cultivated into Arable and Pasture, for the Support of the Inhabitants and Cattle. The fittest Soil for the Growth of Timber also produces the best Corn; and as one more speedily makes a profitable Return than the other, I conceive it natural for any Man to take that which is most to his Advantage.

Question 13.

Whether the Plantations which have been made within Memory have been chiefly of Oak, or of the Kinds of Trees not fit for the Navy?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — The Cultivation of Oak seems to have been the principal Object in making Plantations, unless they have been for Pleasure Grounds.

Mr. Harrison — Chiefly of Oak and Beech.

Mr. Evens. — Those new' Plantations have but few Oaks, and are chiefly of Ash, Chesnut, and Willow.

Mr. Cross. — The Plantations which have been made within Memory may be One-third with Oaks, and Two-thirds with Trees not fit for the Navy.

Mr. Slade. — In the Course of my Survey of the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Hertford, and Berkshire, I observed many Plantations of young Oaks, from 5 Feet to 25 Feet in each (particularly in Berkshire and Bedfordshire); I saw also several Plantations of Beech and Ash (perhaps on a Soil best adapted); they grew fast, and made quick Returns, most to the Advantage of the present Owner, whilst the Oak, being of slow Growth, was not quite so much coveted.

Question 14.

Whether there are any Commons or Commonable Woods of considerable Extent in those Counties? And whether the Quantity of Vol. 47.

Timber growing in such Woods or Commons is considerable ?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols* — There are great Quantities of Oaks growing on Commonable Lands in many Parts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Harrison. — In several of the above mentioned Counties, there are Commons of considerable Extent, and in some of them large Commonable Woodlands, producing Underwood, but very little Timber.

Mr. Evens. — I know of no Commons with Timber on them in Kent, Sussex, Essex, Suffolk, and Norfolk, which are the Counties I am most acquainted with; but there is a large Extent of Woodland in the Neigh bourhood of Geddington and Brigstock, in Northarnp-tonshire, with large Oak Timber on it.

Mr. Cross, — There are many Commons; but do not recollect much Commonable Woods of considerable Extent in these Counties; the Quantity of Timber growing in such Woods or Commons is inconsiderable, but in general headed, and made Pollards, suppose by the Commoners, in Opposition to the Lords, the Planters.

Mr. Slade. — I am not acquainted with any (except the Royal Forests) of any Extent; but I should suppose many of the Common Lands might be converted to such a Purpose, wdiere the Soil is friendly for it.

Question 15.

Whether the Timber in such Commons or Commonable Woods is well preserved, or suffers great Depredation and Waste ?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — Generally well taken Care of, being private Property.

Mr. Harrison. — In general not preserved; but much injured by lopping, or cut down before it arrives at its full Growth.

Mr. Evens. — The Mode practised in falling the Wood near Geddington is in separate Parcels, which, on their beginning to fall, is usually inclosed with a high Raddle Fence, so as to keep the l)ecr out, and all Kinds of Stock: Which Part, I am informed, is laid open again after Seven Years; which I conceive to be too short a Period, and ought to be extended to 14 Years at least.

Mr. Cross. — The Timber in such Commons or Commonable Woods is not well preserved; but suffers great Depredations, and others total Waste.

Mr. Slade. — In the Countries where poor People abound, and Woods are near, and Fuel dear, great Waste is made by bowing and cutting off the Branches and Limbs, to the utter Destruction of the Timber, especially when young.

Question 16.

Whether, on such Commons or Commonable Woodlands as have been divided and inclosed, any considerable Quantities of Wood or Timber have been raised ?

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — Not much that I know of.

Mr. Harrison. — Commons that have been inclosed are, I believe, in general, cultivated for Tillage or Pasture: Commonable Woodlands inclosed, the greatest Part of them preserved for Underwood, and not so much for Timber.

Mr. Evens. — I know of no new Inclosures of Woodlands in those Counties, but all inclosures are converted to Arable Lands.

Mr. Cross. — On such Commons or Commonable Woodlands as have been divided and inclosed considerable Hedge Rows have been planted, but in general do not seem in a thriving State.

Mr, Slade. — I, know^of none; and I am of Opinion 4 F no

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

V ——

294 13° Februar 1792.

y

no inclosed Land was ever intended to raise Oak Timber, except what may by Chance be raised in the Hedge Rows. Timber, instead of being the First Consideration, is generally the Last, as the Advantage arising from it being very remote.

Question 17.

Whether a farther Division and Inclosure of such Commons or Commonable Woodlands would, in your Opinion, be the Means of increasing the Quantity of Wood and Timber ?

Any other Observations or Information on the Subject of the preceding Questions will be very acceptable.

Answers.

Mr. Nichols. — I am inclinable to believe that it would be the Means of increasing the Propagation of Timber.

Redbridge, Thomas Nichols,

28th April 1791. Purveyor of Portsmouth

Dock Yard.

Mr. Harrison. — It certainly would, provided the Inclosures were properly fenced and looked after.

Lidney, Thomas Harrison,

28th April 1791. Purveyor of Plymouth Dock Yard.

Mr. Evens. — In my Opinion, the inclosing such Commonable Woodland as the Soil is proper for the Growth of Oaks, would be a great Means of increasing the Quantity of Oak Timber, provided the Inclosures were attended to so as to prevent the Bite of Cattle, Deer, or Sheep, and that none should be suffered to be cut down improperly.

N.B. — I am farther of Opinion, that another great Cause of the Decrease of Oak Timber, fit for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy, is occasioned by the building Ships for the East India Company of such large Dimensions as they do at present.

Chatham Hock,

29th April 1791.

Mr. Ci 'oss. — Commons or Commonable Woodlands of a fertile Description, if inclosed, may be the Means of increasing Wood and Timber to a Certainty.

The setting Acorns in Woods, Hedge Rows, &c. where Timber is found to thrive, is the surest Mode to raise good sound Timber. Millions of Pollards of Sorts now standing in Woods, Fields, Hedge Rows, &c. in said Counties, if a Part, or One Third, was taken down, and Acorns set instead, would make room for young Oaks, and do the Farmer less Harm, lor many Years to come, than said Pollards. There are many good Nurserymen in raising and preserving Oak-Trees, but there seems many to declare — Oaks, you are my Enemies, I will neglect you, I will destroy you Root and Branch.

Navy Office, 4th May 1791.

John Cross.

Mr. Slade. — As per Answer to the 14th Question, I

am of Opinion some Lands now lying Waste and Common, where the Soil is friendly to the Purpose of raising Timber, might be inclosed for that Purpose; the Acorn to be taken from some of the Royal Forests, as from Dean Forest, in Gloucestershire, which produces a fast-grow'ing Timber, and sound; as also the New Forest, from whence very good Timber is taken. A stiff Clay or Loam is the properest Soil to produce Timber of a close connected strong Texture, but is of slow Growth. A Sandy or Gravel, or Swampy Land will' produce Timber of a fast Growth, but it will prove porous and shakey, and not so serviceable.

Honble. Gentlemen,

I have endeavoured to answer your Questions in the best Manner I am able, or Time would admit. Oak Timber is become a very serious Enquiry to this Country, whose Preservation greatly depends on a Navy and Opulence, and Support on Commerce, both of which consumes great Quantities of the Native Wood of the Country, more particularly of the large Sort. The Ships of War not only increase in Number, but also in Size; small Timber cannot do for Constructions of that Rind; East India Ships also increase in Magnitude, from 750 Tons to near 1,300 Tons, the Burthen of a 64 Gun Ship, and Scantlings as large. Where then is large Timber to come from to supply the Consumption ? It is the Opinion of many Timber Dealers, there is not Growth sufficient to answer it now; and if a War w-as to happen, and continue a few Years, the Scarcity would become greater, and Consumption unanswerable. The Royal Forests are Yearly diminishing, on which must be great Dependance. From Experience the last War, the Dock Yards were very thin, and Supplies uncertain, because the Merchant Builders gave superior Prices; and although they built Ships of War, and the Timber was expended for that Purpose, they had a higher Price per Ton, which was . unavoidable. As Oak

Timber becomes more scarce, should not a Substitute be found to relieve the Consumption as much as possible ? Chesnut, when young, is free from Shake, which it is too apt to be when old. Knees from that Tree may be used instead of Oak, which are become very scarce, more so since no Contracts have been made from the County of Stafford, from whence much Knee Timber used to be had. I am humbly of Opinion very excellent live Oak Knees may be procured from some Parts of America, which are almost everlasting, and may be produced at as cheap a Rate converted as those which are supplied by the converting Contractors. I know they are more ponderous, but as they are strong, they may be of less Scantling; and I suppose other Particulars might be produced from thence fit for building Ships of the Navy: Timber is brought from the Welsh Counties at a heavy Expence. I know in Montgomery there is a large Quantity of large Maiden Oak Timber, which is the Property of a Gentleman who does not mean to fall it; it grows in Woods, and the Land Carriage not very great. There is Timber in other Parts of Wales, but having been inaccessible, is become old and decaying; Fuel being scarce in that Country, it has been bowed. Most of the Timber which grew on the Estates of Guy’s Hospital, in the County of Hereford, has been cut down within 25 Years, and great Part sent into His Majesty’s Yards. The Timber Merchant at present having no other Market for Timber than Government, and the Stores being well supplied, would it not be good Policy to husband the Royal Forests as much as possible against the Time of Necessity? Contractors for Timber are now become very few in Number, and from Scarcity of Timber they are obliged to go to distant Parts of the Kingdom, at a great Expence, to procure it. There has not been any Advance in the Price of Timber from Government since 1753, except a little in the Articles of Plank Knees and Tree Nails, whilst the Contractor gives more than 30 per Cent. Advance Price. The best Method to remedy this Evil must be left to your Honours Consideration, to which it is most humbly submitted, by

Honble. Gentlemen,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Deptford, Bn Slade.

23d April 1791.

N* 8.

32 Geo. Ill

13° Februarii.

295

N° 8.

QUESTIONS proposed by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to

Mr. John Larking,

Mr. William Collins,

Mr. Eduard Layton,

Mr. Hairy Lewis,

Messrs. Adams and Ayles, S Mr. George Parsons,

Messrs. Whittinstalland Long,

Mr. Robert King,

Mr. William Mutlo-

Timber Merchants.

With their ANSWERS.

Question l.

Whether the Quantity of large Oak Timber in general, fit for the Use of the Navy, is increased or diminished,'within Memory, in that Part of the Kingdom with which you are best acquainted ? — naming the Counties.

Answers.

By Mr. Larking. — The Quantity of large Oak Timber, in every Part of England where I have had any Dealings, is very much diminished, particularly in the Counties of

Kent, Bucks, Lincolnshire,

Sussex, Essex, Leicestershire,

Hants, Suffolk, Staffordshire,

Berks, Norfolk, Derbyshire, and

Surrey, Nottinghamshire, Yorkshire.

By Mr. Collins. — Decreased in general, and particularly in the Counties of

Kent, Sussex, Essex, and Suffolk;

and most other Counties that are convenient for Land and Water Carriage to His Majesty’s Dock Yards.

By Mr. Layton. — The Quantities of Oak Timber, both large and small, are very, very much reduced in the Counties of

Sussex, Worcestershire, Montgomeryshire,

Surrey, Herefordshire, Denbighshire, and

Kent, Shropshire, Cheshire.

Gloucestershire,

By Mr. Lewis. — Considerably diminished in the Counties in which I have been concerned; viz.

Hereford, Salop, Brecon, and Radnor.

By Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — Our Dealing has been mostly in the County of Devon. We find that Timber fit for the Use of the Navy is much diminished.

By Mr. Parsons. — It is my Opinion large Oak Timber is diminished, within these Forty Years, nearly Twenty to One, and within these Ten Years more than Five to One, at Ten Miles round Bursledon, in that Part of Hampshire where I live.

By Messrs. Whittinstalland Long. — Diminished nearly

One Half in the Counties of

Bedford, Huntingdon, and Buckingham.

By Mr. King. — County of Devon diminished.

By Mr. Mutlow. — The large Oak Timber fit for the Navy Uses, and such as is likely to become fit, is alarmingly decreased since I first began to contract with Government, 15 Years ago, in the Counties of Montgomery, Gloucestershire,

Denbigh, Monmouthshire,

Cheshire, Glamorganshire,

Shropshire, Breconshii'e,

Warwickshire, Radnorshire, and

Worcestershire, Herefordshire.

Question 2.

Whether, particularly, the Quantity of such V01. 47-

Timber growing in Woods is increased or Eleventh Report diminished ? of the Board of

Land Revenue.

Answers. \____v______>

Mr. Larking. — Very much diminished.

Mr. Collins. — Decreased, particularly in Kent and Sussex.

Mr. Layton. — Diminished in the above Counties.

Mr. Lewis. — Diminished.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — Diminished.

Mr. Parsons. — Timber in general growing in Woods is much decreased, both large and small, it is my Opinion, greatly.

Messrs. Whittinstall and Long. — We seldom find much Timber in Woods fit for the Navy, except for Plank — the Quantity much the same.

Mr. King. — Diminished.

Mr. Mutlow. — All Timber, either in Woods, Hills, or Dales, Hedges, or elsewhere, is greatly diminished.

Question 3.

Whether there is an Increase or Decrease of such Timber growing in Hedge Rows?

Answers.

Mr. Larking. — A very great Decrease.

Mr. Collins. — A very considerable Decrease, and particular^ in the Corn Counties.

Mr. Layton. — Very rapid Decrease.

Air. Leuis. — Diminished.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — A Decrease.

Mr. Parsons. — Oak growing in Hedge Rows is likewise, it is my Opinion, decreasing. 4

Alessrs. Whittinstall and Long. — A great Decrease.

Air. King. — Decrease.

Air. Mutlow. — (See his Answer to the preceding Question.)

Question 4.

Whether the Growth of Oak Timber in Hedge Rows is generally encouraged; or whether the grubbing up of Hedge Row's for the enlarging of Fields, and improving Arable Ground, is become common in those Counties ?

Answers.

Air. Larking. — Not so much encouraged as it might be. The grubbing up of Hedge Rows for enlarging Fields has not, within my Observation, been the Cause of much Destruction to Oak Timber, nor have I observed any considerable Quantity of Ground where Hedge Rows have been grubbed for enlarging Fields.

Air. Collins. — Encouraged in the first mentioned Counties, where the Land is in Pasture, but on the Arable Land, and the Two last Counties, very much destroyed.

Mr. Layton. — Hedge Row Timber in general is not encouraged, but on the contrary grubbing and clearing the Ground. — On most Countries where Timber grows kindly, used to be about a Rod on each Side the Hedge, which was the finest Nursery for young Timber, but from the increased Value of Land are clearing and grubbing; and if not totally cleared to enlarge the Fields, only a narrow Fence is left to defend them from the Cattle.

Air. Lewis. — When Hedges are grubbed for the en-

larging of Fields, which is now become common. Timber, and Trees likely to become Timber, generally shares the same Fate with the Hedge.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — Not encouraged, but is often grubbed up for enlarging Fields.

Mr. Parsons. — The Growth of Oak Timber in Hedge Rows, I think, is not encouraged as it might be, and often grubbed up for to enlarge the Fields in this Part of Hampshire, as above mentioned.

Messrs. Whittinstall and Long. — It is not; and much is spoiled by the Tenants lopping the Trees. Very few Hedges are grubbed up in those Counties.

Air. King. — The grubbing up such Timber for improving Arable Ground is common in this County.

Mr.

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

Mr. Mutlotv. — I do not think there is much Timber

destroyed by such Alterations and Improvements, as they are much neglected; but it is cut down of late Years before it becomes of sufficient Size for the Service.

Question 5.

Whether, in such Oaken Woods as are cut at stated Periods in Succession, it is customary to leave young Saplings at each Cutting? And if so, whether they are generally barked at the Second Fall, and cut down for Country Uses, or preserved for Timber ? ,

Thirty Years, have not, by reducing the Expence of Carriage, been the Means of bringing large Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yards, which could not otherwise have been brought there ?

Answers.

Mr. Larking. — Most certainly.

Mr. Collins. — No Doubt a great Deal of Oak has been brought to Market by these Conveniences of late Years, where I have been concerned.

Mr. Layton. — There can be no Doubt, from the

Answers.

Mr. Larking. — Not so much preserved as it was formerly, when the Value of Underwood was not so great as of late Years; though a great many Proprietors of Woodland make a Practice of preserving such Saplings as are most likely to grow to useful Timber. Those Saplings that are cut down at the Second Fall are generally such as grow upon old Stubbs, and not fitting for Timber.

Mr. Collins. — This Method has been practised on the in

Improvement of the Roads, and Navigable Canals, a Supply of large Timber has been brought from such Places as could not be removed before, that were fit for Naval Uses.

Mr. Lewis. — There is no Navigable Canal in either of the above mentioned Counties; and the additional Tolls upon Navy Timber only induces most of the Dealers to convey their Timber to the nearest Navigable River along the Bye Roads.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — We know of no Canal in this County of Devon, made within 30 Years; but no Doubt but the Turnpike Roads have been the Means of

Hill in Kent, but is very much left off, and in these uu‘- me xuiupmc aiuouj

*tir_. r, rp. , . 3 ,’ / x- getting some Timber to the King s Y ard, that otherwise

Woo* little Timber is saved,_or would come for N'av^ blve been cnrried Ulei*

Timber. Know of no such Method in the Wield of Kent or Sussex.

Mr. Layton. — Woods, from the Nature of their Soil and Situation, are variously treated; some, from the Nature of the Soil, will never produce good Timber, and cannot be better managed than barking at the Second Fall, and cutting down for Country Uses. Very frequently there are very good Soils natural to Timber, but are destroyed for Country Uses, for no other Reason than a reserving Clause in their holding their Estates, that the Timber shall be preserved lor the Crown, or the Lord of the Manor, and in Consequence are cut frequently by the Owners of the Estates, for their own Interest. Other Woods are grubbed up and cleared, to improve their Estates, as the Land cleared is of more Value in general than it is in the rough State, exclusive of the Produce of the Timber that is felled. In general, in all Woods, young Saplings are left at every Cutting; and for Want of such, where One Shoot comes from on old Stem, that is preserved, and will make good Timber, if growing on a good Soil.

Mr. Lewis. — It is customary to leave One Standard to every Square Perch, but they are usually cut down, the Second Fall, for Hurdles and other Country Uses; whereas if they were suffered to stand, and properly-preserved, they would in Time make Navy Timber.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — It is customary to leave young Saplings; but believe sometimes, when they are not flourishing, is cut down afterwards for Country Uses.

Mr. Parsons. — It is customary with us, when the Underwood is cut, to leave all the Heirs they can to be preserved for Timber.

Messrs . Whit/inslalland Long. — Young Saplings are

left, but seldom stand to get larger than 20 to 30 Feet.

Mr. Parsons. — We have no Canals near us, where much Timber is brought: There is a little brought down Winchester Canal by the Barges, and what is brought lessens the Expence on Carriage.

Messrs. Whittinstall and Long. — No large Supplies have been sent out of those Counties lately, nor ever w ill, at the present Prices given by the Navy.

Mr. King. — Larger Supply have been carried, as it

could not otherwise have been brought there.

to grow

Mr. Mutlow. — I have always found the best Timber

in such Places as are not any ways calculated for Canals, nor had I ever a Piece of Timber carried by Canal. The Improvement of the Roads has been of great Service to enable us to get the heavy Timber to Navigable Rivers, and a great Means of the Dock Yards being so well supplied.

Question 7.

Whether, of late Years, greater Quantities of Timber have not, in Consequence of this increased Facility of Carriage, been felled in those Parts of the Country, which were before inaccessible, than they will be able to continue permanently to supply?

Answers.

Mr. Larking. — I am of Opinion that, owing to the Expence of removing Timber from the remote Inland Counties, before the Canals and Navigable Cuts were made, the Succession has not been kept up; and what has been brought away in Consequence of those Cuts has been chiefly very old Timber, and therefore a permanent and regular Supply cannot be expected from those Places.

Mr. Collins. — Am of Opinion a Supply will be found for some Years, but do not apprehend equal to what

Mr. King. — Customary to leave young Saplings; but has been lately brought, from the Conveniences already often cut down the Second Fall, where there is a good made by Lane! and Water.

Growth of Underwood.

Mr. Mut low. — In such Woods it is customary to leave young Saplings at each Cutting, but at the next Fall, which is generally in 15 or 20 Years, and in some Places 11 or 12 Years, they are cut down for Laths or Coach Spokes. After a Coppice has been several Times thus felled, should the Proprietor grove it from the Shoot of the Stub (which has been thfe Case in many Places) very few will come to Timber fit for the Service.

Question 6.

Whether the Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals, made during the last

Mr. Layton. — It is very certain that a great Quantity of Timber has been felled in Consequence of reducing the Expence of Carriage, by which Means the Countries are draining and clearing the Estates, that there is every Reason to believe that a few Years will make Naval Timber very scarce.

Mr. Leu is. — The increased Price of Timber for Country Uses, and not the increased Facility of Carriage, has, in my Opinion, been the Cause of greater Quantities than usual having been felled of late Years; and I do not think this Country will be able long to supply such Annual Exports of Timber as it now does, and has for some Time past.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — Certainly has.

Mr.

C,

de

Mr. Parsons. — 1 am no ways acquainted about this, as our Place is a Sea Port

Messrs. WhittinstaU and Long. — Not on that Account, as the large Timber, if not felled in too great Quantities, will fetch more for Country Use than the Navy will give for it

Mr. King. — Greater Quantities have been felled, and, I think, cannot continue permanently to supply.

Mr. Mutlcrw. — It is notorious, that greater Quantities have been felled of late Years than can possibly be permanently supplied.

Question 8.

Whether the general Consumption of Oak Timber, for Building or other Uses, within those Counties, is increased or diminished ? And to what Cause, in your Opinion, is such Increase or Decrease to be imputed ?

Answers.

Mr. Larking. — I believe the Consumption of Oak Timber, for Country Uses, is nearly the same now as it has been for many Years. The Price of Fir Timber has been so much cheaper than Oak, that it has excluded the Use of the latter in most Cases.

Mr. Collins. — Apprehend a less Quantity of Oak Timber, by Carpenters, in Consequence of the general Introduction of Fir Timber and Deals.

Mr. Layton. — In all the Counties I have mentioned the Consumption has increased, from the great Demand for Buildings for Pleasure, and Manufactories, &c.

Mr. Lewis. — Increased; owing, in my Opinion, to the Spirit of Improvement in Building.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — 'Increased; by Reason of Building in Merchants Yards.

Mr. Parsons. — The Cause of the Decrease of Naval Oak Timber, it’s my Opinion, is, and I have heard Gentlemen say, do not bear Price enough after they have let it grow and fit for Navy Uses, that many will cut it before.

Messrs. WhittinstaU and Long. — It is increased, chiefly owing to the high Duty on Deals and Fir Timber.

Mr. King. — Increased, on account of Ship-building

in Merchants Yards, who have had a great Demand for new Ships; but seems now to be at a Stand.

Mr. Mutlow. — There is not so much Oak Timber

used in Building as formerly. Fir, of late, is used as a Substitute, The Cause of the Decrease is clear, viz. Every Body is cutting down, and scarcely any Body nursing up.

Question 9.

Whether the Price of Oak Timber for Carpenters or Country Uses is increased within the last Forty Years, and in what Proportion?

Answers.

Mr. Larking. — Not in general, only where Fir Timber cannot easily be had (on account of the Distance of such Places from Towns or Wharves on the Sides of Navigable Rivers) and in those Places the Price of Oak has increased nearly One Fourth.

Mr. Collins.- — Do not consider Carpenters Timber increased in Price in the Southern Counties.

Mr. Layton. — The Value of Oak Timber for Carpenters Uses has risen, to my Knowledge, upwards of Twenty per Cent, within that Time.

Mr. Lewis. — Increased Cent, per Cent.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — Increased, but not very considerable.

Mr. Parsons. — The Price of Oak. Timber for all Country Uses is increased much, and the Increase depends on the Quality.

Messrs. WhittinstaU and Long. — It is increased within these last Seven Years One Fourth.

Mr. King. — Increased One Sixth Part in its Value. Vox.. 47-

Mr. Mutlow. — Building Timber has increased in Eleventh Report

Value from 30 s. per Ton to 60, and such as is fit for d* Board Coopers Use from is. 6d. to is. Foot; for . L"*d Revenu*-

which Purpose much fine Timber, fit for the First Rate '

Ships, is cut, by which the Service has sustained much Damage.

Question 10.

Whether the Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals, have not introduced the Use of Coal in Parts of the Country in which Wood was before generally used for Fuel ?

And whether, in such Parts, the Demand for Underwood, and the Value of it, have been increased or lessened ?

Answers.

Mr. Larking. — These Improvements have introduced the Use of Coal where Wood used to be burned; but notwithstanding that the Price of Firewood has kept very steady, except in Hop Countries, where it has of late increased in Price very much, on account of the Quantity of Charcoal used in drying Hops.

Mr. Collins. — Coals are very generally introduced; notwithstanding. Wood is considerably increased in Price in most Counties, and particularly in Kent and Sussex; where also Underwoods are greatly advanced.

Mr. Layton. — Where Forges and large Manufactories are carried on, Wood is dearer than it has been; but if the Conveyance of Coals had not been introduced the Poor must have been greatly distressed.

Mr. Lewis. — Answered in the Sixth, respecting the Navigable Canals; therefore the Value of Underwood has been increased considerably.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — Few Canals in these Parts, but the Value of Underwood is increased.

Mr. Parsons. — I am not acquainted with these.

Messrs. WhittinstaU and Long. — We find Coals become more general; but yet the Price of Underwood advances, but not in proportion to Timber.

Mr. King. — But few Canals in this County. The

Demand for Underwood is increased full One Third in its Value.

Mr. Mutlow.- — The Navigable Canals, and the Improvement of Roads, have most certainly introduced, almost generally, the Use of Coal where Wood was usually used for Fuel; yet the Demand for Wood for the Use of Iron Works through the Kingdom (and for other Purposes which will follow) have increased the Value of that Article, viz. Cordwood, full One Third.

Question 11.

Whether in those Parts of the Country in which Underwood is more valuable in consequence of a Demand for Hop Poles, or from other Causes, it has become the Practice of late Years, more than formerly, to cut down the Great Timber Trees, on Account of the Injury they do to the Underwood ?

Answers.

Mr. Larking. — It certainly is more the Practice now to cut down Timber in Woods where Hop Poles are raised than it used to be; and, in some Instances,

Woods have been entirely stripped of the Oak Timber because of the Underwood, particularly in Kent.

Mr. Collins. — In general more Timber has been cut in the Underwoods, from their Increase in Value, but still a Succession of Tellers are for the most Part preserved; and more Attention has been paid, the last Twenty Years, to saving young Timber, in the Wield of of Kent and Sussex, than formerly.

Mr. Layton. — All Underwoods are more valuable the less they are shaded by great Trees, which may sometimes cause them to be cut down; but, in general,

I have many Years observed that the greatest Part of

4 Ct the

Jk

13° Febru

.A.Tt92.

Elev«nthReport the Hop Poles grow on.very poor Spik, that would

v of produce very Jittlb Naval Tipiber.

v 81^^yewe*, Mr. Lewis. — It certainly l^as, particularly in Herefordshire, where there is ,a great Perpand for Jiop Poles.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — This is not a Hop Country; but large Timber is sometimes cut down, where it injures the Underwood.

JV^r. Parsons. — I do notthin^ that Timber is cut down to preserve the-Underwood; but they always cut the ^Timber at the same Year that they cut the Underwood, if they design to cut Timber, and then they do not destroy the Underwood.

Messrs, ff hittimtall and Long. — -There are no Hops

?own in those Counties; nor do we consider the imber to be cut down in Consideration of the Underwood.

Mr. King. — But few Hops jgrown in this vCounty. It is the Practice to cut down the Tiipher where it injures the Underwood.

Mr. Mutlow. — In the Countries where there is a

Demand for Hop Poles, , Coppices are felled at from j 2 to 15 Years Growth; the nursing up of Tipper in which (though certainly the proper Place, if reserved on their own Buts) much injures the Underwood. Can with Truth say, that of jate Years it h^s been almost a general Rule to cut it down, though some few Gentlemen have considerable Quantities nursing up.

Question 12.

Whether there has been a greater Quantity of Woodland formerly producing Oqk converted to Tillage, within Memory, than of Land of a fit Soil newly planted with Oak ?

Answers.

Mr. Larking. — A great deal of Land where Timber grew has been converted into Tillage, in many of the Inland Counties; and in Kent and Sussex a great deal of Tillage Land has been planted with Wood, but not for the Purpose of raising Oak Timber, but much for Hop Poles and Fuel.

Mr. Collins. — A great deal of Woodland, wherein

Timber was growing, has been converted into Arable Land, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, and in those Parts few, if any, are planted.

Mr. Layton.. — The grubbing up of Woods is very frequent, for Tillage, and small Proportion planted: The only Instance of planting and improving their Estates for Timber, of any Consequence, within my Knowledge, is by the Trustees of the Estates of the Hospital founded by Thomas Guy, Esquire, who have planted many Thousand Oaks at proper Distances, with great Success, in Herefordshire.

Mr. Lewis. — Much more converted to Tillage than planted with Oak.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — Certainly has,

Mr. Parsons. — There was certainly a greater Quantity of Woodland formerly than at present, for the Growth of Oak Timber, on Account of Land, converted to Tillage.

Messrs. Whit tinstalland Long. — We do not know of

much Woodland being converted into Tillage; the fine large Timber is mostly found in Open Grounds or Hedge Rows, and the supplying the Place with young Timber is not attended for

Mr. King. — A greater Quantity of Woodland converted to Tillage, than of a fit Soil newly planted.

Mr. Mutlcrw. — Within my Memory there has been Twenty Times the Quantity of Land producing Oak cleared and cpn verted into Pasture or grazing Ground, than has, within, my Knowledge, been, plauted with Oak.

Question 13. , ' .

Whether ' thp Plantations which, hayq been, tn9.de wityio Memory bpery c!he%

' 3,

Oak, or of the Kinds, of Tmasaotitfor the

Navy?

Answers.

.Mr. Larking.--Answered in N* it 2. ’

Mr. Collins. — Plantations of Wooddn the Hop Counties have been chiefly of Chesnut, Ash, and Willow for Poles, amongst which many Oaks come >up spontaneously.

Mr. Layton.-r-'Xke -Plantations in general are of ornamental quick-growing Plants, of little Use for any Purpose, and very few planted of Oaks or Elm.

Mr. Lewis. — The chief Plantations I know of have been of Fir, Larch, or Ornamental Trees, and very few of Oak.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — Mostly of such Trees not fit for the Navy.

Mr. Parsons. — Not acquainted with these.

Messrs. Whittinstalland Long. — Very little of Qak,

mostly, of quicker Timber.

Mr- Ling. — Of the Kinds of Trees not fit for the Navy.

Mr. Mutlow. — Plantations made within my Knowledge are very inconsiderable, but have been chiefly of Oak- I -know of but little of any other Kind, except in Pleasure -Grounds. Shrubberies, &c.

Question 34-Whether there are any Commons or Commonable Woods of considerable Extent in those Counties? And whether the Quantity of Timber growing in such Woods or Commons is considerable f

Answers.

Air. Larking. — The large Timber on all the Commons that I have seen has been cut down, and but little left to succeed.

Mr. Collins. — Few Commons in the Southern Coun-

ties have Timber on them, nor are the Soils kind for such Production. In Northamptonshire there is a Quantity of Navy Timber, but no Succession can come in future for the Deer and Stock.

Mr. Layton.-^-There are many Woods and Commons in almost every County in England, many of which have been very full of Timber, but much diminished, as the Consumption of Oak Timber, for Naval and other Purposes, greatly exceeds the Growth,

Mr. Lewis. — There are several extensive Commons in those Counties, but very little Timber growing on any of them.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — Not very considerable.

Mr. Parsons. — There is a large Extent of Common or Ileath, and Furze Land, round us, but very little Timber growing on it.

Messrs. Whittinstall and Long. — In Bedfordshire and Huntingdonshire there is hardly any Commonable Wood. In Buckinghamshire a good deal, and some good

Timber.

Mr, King. — But few Commonable Woods in this County.

Air. Mutlow. — I know of but few Commons or Commonable Woods, except the Forest of Dean, that can prodqge any considerable Quantity of Timber, and that is well known to be lessening rapidly.

Question 15.

Whether die Timber in such Commons or Commonable Woods is well preserved, or suffers 1 great Depredation and Waste ?

Answers,.

Air. Larking. — I do i\ot know of any One Common where Timber is preserved as it might be, or that any Care, whajqvqr to b® taken of it.. *

.#2>6eo. III. 13°

iVIr. 1 Collins.-^Vory fctftfly /preSghted in general; some few Oaks are planted that are out of the Reach of Cattle.

Mr. Layton. — The Timber on all ChWmons must naturally be more liable'to Waste than Enclosures, and those are not always safe from Depredations.

Mr. Lewis. — What little Timber’ there' is' Suffers great Depredations and Waste.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles.- some Places is "well preserved, and some Places not so.

Mr. Parsons.-^(See his Answer to 'the /preceding

Question.)

Messrs. Whitiinstall 1 and — Very much de-

stroyed. You seldom'see’a young Tree’get lip, ‘except in a thick Clump of Bushes.

Mr. King. — (See'his Answer to the preceding Ques-

tion.)

Mr. Miitlm. — :I 'know but few Plantations, and those in general much neglected, as to their Fences to keep off Cattle from 'biting and dfisttoying the young Shoots.

Question 16.

Whether ou such Commons or Commonable Woodlands as have been divided and inclosed, any considerable Quantities of Wood or Timber have been raised ?

Answers.

Mr. Larking. — I do not know of any worth mentioning.

Mr. Collins. — Some few Trees are planted in the Hedge Rows of fresh tnclosures, but of many other Sorts of Wood besides Oak.

Mr. Layton. — The Inclosure of which

is a fine Soil for Timber, clearly shows how little Regard or Attention is paid to the raising or encouraging the Growth of Timber.

Mr. Not any of any Consequence.

Messrs. Adams and Ayles. — No considerable Quantity.

Mr. Parsons^ — If Commons were inclosed. Oak Timber may be raised, and ill the Course of Time be fit for His Majesty Navy, as I am certain it will be wanted, I think in a few Years.

Messrs. Whittinstall and Long. — We do not know of

any being inclosed.

Mr. King.-~(Se<c his Answer to the 14th Question.)

Mr. Mutlow. — It appears to me to be more the Intent of the Planter of such Woods to fall them 83 Coppices* than to grove them as Timber; and those that were groved 50 Years ago are now cutting down, before they become fit for the Service.

Question 17.

Whether a further Division and Inclosure of such Commons or Commonable Woodlands would, in your Opinion, be the Means of increasing the Quantity of Wood and Timber?

of the WbWds proifute "suffidieiU $6mig 'Odk without Eleventh Report planting, if fenced in of il»« Board of

In regartl to future Supplies of Timber, take the ^Uld ^es£imt-Liberty to observe, there are great Depredations committed, by Deer and other Stock having Access into Chases and Woods too soon after the Underwood has been cut; and if those Woods, &c. were well preserved, there would be Acortis grdw to train up a sufficient Quantity of Tpllars, each Fall, for Timber. On many'Commons and Forests where no Oaks are'standing, great Improvement might be made, by inclosing and planting Acorns, which would in a few Yekrs produce Bushes, See. to protect the young Oaks. In respect tb the present Scarcity df Timber, or Appearance thereof, beg Leave to observe, that, from j the Tonnage of the East India Ships lately built, they 'have required ^bch Scantlings as have consumed (a great Quantity of Timber fitting for the Navy and I submit to ytiur Honours superior Judgment, if the great Increase of Merchantmen (built) is not an Ericouragement to the falling df small Trees, and thereby preventing its Growth for the Use of the Navy.

Will" Collins.

Brenchley, May 15th 1791.

Mr. Layton. — I am Of Opinion, that the Inclosure of Commons, or Commonable Woodland, might be made of the greatest Consequence in the Preservation and raising a continual Succession of Naval Timber, and for all Country Uses, if such Lands were divided id Inclosures not exceeding 10 Acres in each Field, clear from the Ditch which inclosed the Field, and to leave a rough Land of at least Two Rods between each Field, and of One Rod in Breadth at the Extreme of each 100 Acres all round that Quantity, with a good Fence or Ditch t6 defend the C&ttle from the rough Land on all Sides, with such Restriction^ for the Preservation of the Timber as may be thought proper; And that a Reserve should be made to the Crow n of all the rough Land so secured from Cattle, and all the Timber, and such Saplings as are likely to become Timber, on edch Lot of Land, and to be kept regularly entered in a Book kept in each Parish Church for that Purpose, under the Inspection of a proper Person in each County, who should have a Duplicate of the Books Annually from each Parish: and that no tails of Underwood should be without a proper Notice at Church, for a Survey to be made of the Underwoods; and that a Person should he chosen to mark out such Saplings as are likely to become Timber, that they may be reserved for the Crown, and not be suffered to be cut down at the Second Peeling, which has been a shameful Custom in many Places, to the Destruction of Thousands of fine Trees; which, had they been permitted to have stood, would have made capital Nkval Timbers.

Edu'd N* i43,-

Any other Observations or Information on the Subject of the preceding Questions will be very acceptable.

Answers.

Mr. Larking. — I am of Opinion not: For when Commons are inclosed, the first Object seems to be the clearing away the Timber; and, as the Advantages arising from the planting of Oak Timber are so very remote, few People will give themselves the Trouble of raising what they themselves can reap no benefit from.

East Mailing, 30th April 1791.

In Larking.

Mr. Collins.- — No Doubt but if many of the Chases in Northamptonshire, and many other Commons, were

preserved, they would grow Oak if planted, and ntost

Vol. 47.

Mr. Lewis. — As I understand similar Questions to this and the foregoing have been sent to the Chairmen of the Quarter Sessions in the several Counties of England and Wales, where this Matter has been properly considered, I beg Leavfe to refer you to their Reports for better Information on the Subject than I dm Capable of giving. But. iny Opinion is, that most of the Commons in the Counties before mentioned would produce good Timber, and that it would be of Public Utility if proper Parts of them were to be inclosed and allotted for such Purpose.

My Opinion is, that there should he a Person appointed, that is a Judge, in each County, to inspect that there shall be a sufficient Quantity of Stores left to each Acre w hen there is a Coppice felled.

Henry Leu is.

Kington, May 9th 1791.

Messrs.

13° FebruariL A. 1792.

Eleventh Report Messrs. Adam and Most certainly would.

L«nd Revenue. Mr. Parsons. — There is not the least Doubt but in

v ----- — doing so will cause a great Increase of Oak Timber in

due Time.

I will give you my Opinion respecting Oak Timber, which I am certain there is a great Decrease, and particular on the large, such as is fit for the Navy; and if not some good Method taken, I am afraid in Time there will be a general Want. One Thing I would recommend is to give or advance the Price on large Timber, which will be a Means of not cutting till it is large, and fit for the Navy.

Messrs. Whittinstall and Long. — Very much indeed, as the young Timber would then be able to get up in Succession.

We think nothing would produce a constant Supply of Navy Timber like encouraging the Growth of Oak in Hedge Rows, in the new Inclosures, particularly the Clay Ground.

Mr. King. — A Division of the Commons and Commonable Woodlands would, in my Opinion, increase the Quantity of Wood and Timber.

A great Number of Acres of the Commonable Land, which makes but little or no Return, would make a good Return by being planted to Oak.

Rob1 King.

Mr. Mutloro. — In my Opinion, increasing the Plantation is the only Means that can be thought of (though I am afraid too late) to raise Timber to keep up a permanent Supply equal to the Demands of the Dock Yards. 1 can with Truth say, that Timber fit for the Service is as this Time very scarce.

I hope the foregoing Answers will be satisfactory; at the same Time beg Leave to observe, that unless some Ways and Means are by Law adopted to prevent Timber fitting for the Service being cut up for Coopers and Bendmens Uses, or the Contractor enabled by Government to give a better Price, it will be impossible to procure such Timber.

Mu t low.

Ledbury, 27th April 1791.

N*9.

QUESTIONS proposed by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to

Mr. John Crowder,

Messrs. Abraham and William Mr. William King,

Mr. Thomas Stone,

Mr. Richard Davis,

Mr. Joseph Pennington

Mr. Matthew Oddie,

Mr. John Renshaw,

Mr. James Wyburd,

Mr. Robert Briant,

Surveyors of Land.

With their ANSWERS.

Question 1.

Whether the Quantity of large Oak Timber in general, fit for the Use of the Navy, is increased or diminished, within Memory, in that Part of the Kingdom with which you are best acquainted ? — naming the Counties.

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — Diminished in the Counties of 1 York, Nottingham,

Lancaster, Durham,

and I believe in all the Northern Counties.

Messrs. Drivers. — In particularly in Kent,

Surrey,

Sussex,

Berkshire,

Oxfordshire,

Hampshire,

general decreased, but more

Dorsetshire,

Essex,

Worcestershire,

Norfolk,

and

Suffolk.

Mr. King. — Diminished in

Southampton, Leicester, and

Northampton, Nottingham.

Mr. Stone. — The Quantity of large Oak Timber, fit for the Navy, has decreased very considerably, within my Memory, in

Norfolk, Lincolnshire,

Suffolk, Hertfordshire,

Bedfordshire, Staffordshire,

Huntingdonshire, Shropshire, Northamptonshire, and Buckinghamshire, Worcestershire.

I am not so well acquainted with the other Counties in England", but I have understood, from Enquiries made in my occasional Joumies into them, that in this Point of Information there is a general Agreement

Mr. Davis. — It is an universal Opinion amongst those Persons I have conversed with, likely to be competent Judges, that the Quantity of Oak Timber is every where much decreased within Memory. My own Observations have been more particularly confined to the Counties of

Berks, Northampton,

Buckingham, Oxford,

Gloucestci", and

Hants, Wilts.

Mr. Pennington. — Diminished in those Parts of the Counties of Suffolk and Sussex with which I am acquainted.

Mr. Oddie. — The Quantity of Oak Timber in general is considerably diminished within Memory. I shall speak chiefly of

Lancashire, and the West Riding of the County of York.

Mr. Renshaw. — Very much diminished.

Mr. Wyburd. — The Quantity of large Oak Timber is diminished very much in the Counties of

Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Huntingdon, Bedford, Buckingham,

Berks, Sussex, Southampton, Surrey, and Kent.

Mr. Briant. — The Quantity of large Oak Timber in general, fit for the Use of the Navy, is very greatly diminished within Memory, in that Part of the Kingdom with which I am best acquainted; namely, in Sussex, Hampshire, and

Surrey, Berkshire.

Question 2.

Whether particularly the Quantity of such Timber growing in Woods is increased or diminished.

Answers.

Crowder. — Diminished.

Messrs. Drivers. — Certainly decreased.

Mr. King.-^The Woods are felled oftener than for-

merly. I think Timber is now in general cut as soon as it can be sold for a convenient Sum of Money, consequently the Timber fit for the Navy is diminished.

Mr. Stone. — The Quantity of large Oak Timber is diminished.

Mr.

Mr. Davis. — Decreased.

Mr. Pennington. — The Woods in the Counties of Suffolk and Sussex do not promise a Supply in future equal to what they will now, and have within Memory afforded.

Mr. Oddie. — I believe the Quantity of large Timber

growing in Woods is much diminished.

Mr. Renshaw. — Diminished.

Mr. JVyburd. — Decreased. Many Woods having

been grubbed up, and few-planted.

Mr. Briant. — The Quantity of such Timber glow-

ing in Woods is greatly diminished.

Question 3.

Whether there is an Increase or Decrease of such Timber growing in Hedge Rows ?

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — A great Decrease.

Messrs. Drivers. — Decreased.

Mr. King. — By the Words " Hedge Rows," in

Hampshire, is understood the Divisions between Fields, from 6 to 20 Yards wide, set with Hazles and Oaks, the latter not much inferior to those in Woods; but in Northamptonshire, Leicestershire, and Nottinghamshire, the same Words signify any single White Thorn Quickset Hedge, the Timber in which is inferior; Tenants often nail Rails to the Trees in the last described, and sometimes I have seen them mortised to make the Fence good. I think the Timber fit for the Navy, in both Hedge Rows and Hedges, is diminished.

Mr. Stone. — Decreased very considerably.

Mr. Davis. — Decreased.

Mr. Pennington. — Decrease.

Mr. Oddie. — I believe there is a Decrease of Timber growing in Hedge Rows in general.

Mr. Renshaw. — Since Land hath been much increased in Value, it hath been the general Aim to remove every Impediment to its Production. From that Cause only much large Timber hath been cut out of the Hedge Rows. When frequently taken to a bad Market, some ready Money is produced, and the Rent Roll increased, which many Land Owners wish for.

Mr. IVyburd. — A Decrease, as Timber in the Hedge Rows damage the Fences, and injure the adjoining Lands.

Mr. Briant. — There is a great Decrease of such Timber growing in Hedge Rows.

Question 4.

W hether the Growth of Oak Timber in Hedge m © Rows is generally encouraged; or whether

the grubbing up of Hedge Rows, for the enlarging of Fields and improving Arable Ground, is become common in those Counties?

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — Very much discouraged; and the grubbing up Hedge Rows, for enlarging Fields and better Cultivation of Land and Fences, is generally practised.

Messrs. Drivers. — The Enlargement of Fields, and the Improvement of Pleasure Grounds, have reduced the Hedge Rows, and of course the Timber growing the rein; and in general the Timber in Hedge Rows is 'not so well preserved as it ought, owing to a Disadvantage arising therefrom to the Tenant.

Mr. King. — The Grow th in Hedge Rows, in Hampshire, is as much encouraged as formerly; no considerable Quantity has been grubbed, so as to decrease the National Produce of Timber. In Leicestershire and Nottinghamshire, planting of any Kind of Trees in Fledges is discouraged, and the Trees already standing in them are taken out as Opportunities serve.

Mr. Stone. — Discouraged. Hedge Rows are grubbed up to enlarge Fields, whereby the Sun and Air are Vol. 47.

let in for the better Health of the Cropping, and the Eleventh Report Conveniency of the Occupiers. t iheBuimlui

Mr. Davis. — From the Observations I have been an evenue' able to make, in the different Parts at the Country I travel through, the Growth of Timber in Hedge Rows is paid too little Attention to by Landlords; and it is not the Interest of Tenants to nurse up frees to damage their Com. There appears to be a greater Regard paid to the Produce of Corn than to the Growth of Timber. In various Places I observe Trees cut, and Hedge Rows grubbed, to prevent them from doing Injury to the Corn.

Mr. Pennington. — Encouraged in neicner of the Counties of Suffolk and Sussex. The grubbing up of old Hedges is not a general Practice in Suffolk, but in Sussex much Work of that Kind has been done; and in neither County are the Hedge Rows Nurseries for Timber.

Air. Oddie. — The planting of Oak Timber in Hedge Rows, and the Encouragement given to the Growth thereof, are by no Means equal to the Quantity grubbed up or cut down.

Air. lienshaxe. — When Land was of small Value,

Hedge Rows were permitted to grow very broad. Timber sprang up spontaneously, and was protected by the Hawthorns’which encompassed them; but since a better Cultivation hath taken Place, the Fences are brought into the narrowest Compass, and, w here Fields are very small, many of them gvubbed up.

Air. IVyburd — The Growth ol Oak Timber in Hedge Rows is in general discouraged.

Mr. Briant. — The Growth of Oak Timber in Fledge Rows is not generally encouraged; for the grubbing of Hedge Rows for the enlarging of Fields, and improving Arable Ground, is become common in those Counties.

Question 5.

Whether, in such Oaken Woods as are cut at stated Periods in Succession, it is customary to leave young Saplings at each Cutting? And if so, whether they are generally barked at the Second Fall, and cut down for Country Uses, or preserved for Timber?

Answers.

- Air. Crowder. — It is customary to leave young Saplings at each Cutting, but they are usually taken down at the Second Fall, and fewr or none preserved for Timber.

Messrs. Drivers. — It is customary to leave young Saplings at each Cutting, and frequently Stems from the Stools are also preserved till the next Cutting, when it is usual to cut them down, they being the Property of the Tenant. It is not very common to cut Saplings down at the Second Cutting, unless there are more than can properly stand upon the Ground.

Air. King. — It is customary to leave Saplings, and enough of them. I do not suppose they are in general barked at the Second Fall, but they are cut younger than formerly.

Air. Stone. — It is customary to leave young Saplings in Woods, when the Underwood is cut, in the Counties I have mentioned, and to reserve them lor Country Uses at various Growths, but with very little Judgment as to the Choice of the Species of Wood best adapted to the Soil, or of the Health of the Plants; this Business is generally left to the mere Cutters of Wood. Gentlemen of Landed Property have generally fallen into the Habit of employing Country Attornies for their Agents, or those who can best serve them upon Election Alatters, without considering their Abilities as to the proper Alanagement of their Estates; and it is now a Practice for such Agents as above alluded to (avoiding Trouble) to sell the Underwood standing for the Purchasers to cut it; of course the worst (if any) Saplings or Standils are left.

4 H This

13° Febntarii. 1792.

Eleventh Report This Mode has been practised upon the Estates of the of the Board of „reat Bedfordshire Duke, and many others.

aii evenue.^ ]yfr< Davis. — Except in the Forests I surveyed, I

'N'" have had few Opportunities of making Observations on Oaken Woods. The Woods in this Part of Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire consist chiefly of Beech, with a little Oak and Ash Timber dispersed about. These Oaks seldom arrive at any great Size, on Account of the Poverty of the Soil; though sometimes, when they grow in Vallies, are very long, and are cut down for Country Uses when they are judged to have come to Maturity, and often before, when Money is wanted.

Mr. Pennington. — -It is usual to preserve Saplings when the Underwood is cut, with a View to their becoming Timber; but the Woods that contain any considerable Quantity of old Timber, with which I am acquainted, contain but a poor Stock of healthy young Trees for Succession.

Mr. Oddie. — In such Oaken Woods as are cut at

stated Periods, it is customary to leave young Saplings, but they are mostly cut down at the Second Fall, and in many Places very young.

Mr. liens)taw. — I do not know any Woods that are cut periodically, where there are left any Oak Trees with a View to stand until they shall be large enough for Ship Timber.

Mr. Wyburd. — Has not answered this Question.

Mr. Briant. — In such Oaken Woods as are cut at stated Periods in Succession, it is customary to leave young Saplings at the First Cutting very thick; at the Second Cutting the y are generally thinned, and they are barked, and in general converted to Coach Spokes; but then they are generally left too thick, whereby they hinder each other s Grow th, and in consequence no Compass Timber can arise from them.

Question 6.

Whether the Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals made during the last

_ o o

Thirty Years, have not, by reducing the Expence of Carriage, been the Means of bringing large Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yards which could not otherw ise have been brought there?

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — The Improvement of Roads, but ' particularly the Increase of Inland Navigations, have contributed greatly to the Supply of the Dock Yards, and large Quantities of Timber have in Consequence been conveyed from interior Parts of the Kingdom to distant Markets for that and other Purposes.

Messrs. Drivers. — Most certainly.

Mr. King. — They have.

Mr. Stone. — The Improvement in Canals and Roads have certainly been a Means of bringing Timber to the Dock Yards from the interior Parts of some of the Midland Counties, from whence otherwise it never could have been conveyed there.

Mr. Davis. — I cannot speak to this precisely, it is most probable to suppose it has happened: Would not the Account of Timber brought to the Dock Yards give some Light to this Question?

Mr. Pennington. — The Improvements of Roads in the Counties of Suffolk and Sussex, within my Memory, has not reduced the Expence of Carriage; in both the Timber is principally carried in Summer, I may say almost wholly in the latter.

Mr. Oddie. — I believe the Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals lately made, have been the Means of bringing larger Supplies of Timber than formerly to the Port of Liverpool.

Mr. Renshaw. — The making of Canals and Turnpike Roads hath had that Effect, but the Effect hath been sudden, and not gradual. A great Number of the Canals and Roads have been made within a short

Period of Time, consequently many fresh Supplies reached about the same Time. Every Owner of large Timber wished to avail himself of a new Market, and the Demand at that Instant not so proportionably extended, the great Decrease of the Wood kept down the Price of it.

Mr. Wyburd. — Improvement of Roads and Navi-

gable Canals have certainly reduced the Expence of Carriage, and been the Means of bringing large Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yards.

Mr. Briant. — The Improvement of Roads, and the

Navigable Canals made during the last Thirty Years, have, by reducing the Expence of Carriage, been the Means of bringing large Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yards, which could not otherwise have been brought there.

Question 7.

Whether of late Years greater Quantities of Timber have not, in Consequence of this increased Facility of Carriage, been felled, in those Parts of the Country which were before inaccessible, than they will be able to continue permanently to supply ?

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — The Falls of Timber have greatly increased; and from the present Demand, and the easy and quick Mode of Conveyance, I do not suppose a regular Succession can be kept up.

Messrs. Drivers. — There has been great Quantities of Timber brought to the Dock Yards in Consequence of the Canals, and Improvements of Roads, particularly of old Timber; and we do not think a constant Supply can be kept up, equal to what it has been of late Years.

Mr. King. — Greater Quantities have been produced by the Facility of Carriage than such Countries will be able permanently to produce.

Mr. Stone. — I affirm the Whole of this.

Mr. Davis. — I cannot say.

Mr. Pennington. — All Parts of the Counties of Suffolk and Sussex have been accessible in the Summer.

Mr. Oddie. — I understand that the Supply of Timber of late Years, on Account of the Navigable Canals in the Neighbourhood of the Port of Liverpool, has been greater than the Country in future will be able to continue.

Mr. Renshaw. — The Quantities of large Timber fallen, in Consequence of the Facility of carrying it to Market, cannot be supported Annually hereafter.

Mr. Wyburd. — Greater Quantities of Timber have

certainly been felled than the Country will be able to continue permanently to supply.

Mr. Briant. — Greater Quantities of Timber have, in Consequence of this increased Facility of Carriage, been felled, in those Parts of the Country which were before inaccessible, than they will be able to continue permanently to supply.

Question 8.

Whether the general Consumption of Oak Timber, for Building or other Uses, within those Counties, is increased or diminished? And to what Cause, in your Opinion, is such Increase or Decrease to be imputed ?

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — Oak Timber is not used in Buildings so much as formerly: Fir Timber, where it comes as cheap, is preferred, because it is less expensive in working up, and, when kept dry, is looked upon as good as Oak. But, as there is a great Increase in all Kinds of Buildings, and particularly in Engines, Mills, Machines, &c. &c. in all which Oak, more or less, is necessary, I am inclined to think this Consumption is as great as heretofore.

Messrs.

S2"Geo. III. 13° Februarii. 303

Messrs. Drivers. — The Consumption of Oak Timber in Buildings is much reduced in those Countries where Fir can be conveyed by Water Carriage.

Mr. King, — Turnpike Roads, and the numberless Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, upon them, Canals, and Inland Navigations, with their Locks, Weirs, Boats, Bridges, &c. Fire Engines, Carriages, and Implements of Agriculture, have increased beyond Conception within the last Sixty Years. I suppose more Foreign Timber to be used in Buildings now than formerly, but there are more Buildings erected at this Time, which, together with the Extension of Manufactories, have, in my Opinion, increased the Consumption.

Mr. Stone. — The Consumption of Oak Timber, within those Counties I have mentioned, has increased on Account of the necessary Quantities used in and about Canals, Locks upon Rivers, Wind and Water Mills, Steam Engines, Breweries, and, lately, on Buildings upon Farms.

Query. — If the Duty upon Bricks should be repealed, as far as relates to Buildings bond side for Farms ?

Mr. Davis. — Diminished: On Account of the Scarcity of Oak, other Kinds of Timber are now substituted for Building and other Uses, which were formerly of Oak, as may be seen by the great Quantity of *Oak found in pulling down ancient Buildings.

Mr. Pennington. — The Consumption of Oak Timber for Building is diminished in the Counties of Suffolk and Sussex, but more particularly in Suffolk, where Carriage is paid for at an easier Rate than in Sussex. The latter consumes much Oak yet in Building. The Difference in Value, at a Distance from Port, would not carry small Timber away, and bring back Fir.

Mr. Oddie. — The general Consumption of Oak Timber, in the Counties 1 have named, is diminished, because the present Supply is not equal to what the Demand was formerly; and the Demand being greatly increased, Foreign Deal Timber is of course substituted.

Mr. Renshaw. — The Consumption of Oak Timber, for Buildings and other Uses, within the County of Nottingham, is considerably diminished, owing to the lower Price of Foreign Wood, and the much greater Facility with which it may be worked.

Mr. IVyburd. — The general Consumption of Oak Timber for Building is diminished. Deal being more

o o

used.

Mr. Briant. — The general Consumption of Oak Timber, for Building or other Lrses, within those Counties, is diminished, by Reason that Fir Timber and Deal are very frequently used for those Purposes; whereas Oak Timber used formerly to be so employed.

Question q.

Whether the Price of Oak Timber, for Carpenters or Country Uses, is increased within the last Forty Years, and in what Proportion ?

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — The Price, generally, is increased at least One-third, and for many Purposes is double or more.

Messrs. Drivers. — In most Counties the Price of Oak Timber for Carpenters Use is increased, which may, in a great Measure, be attributed to considerable Quantities being conveyed from those Parts by the Canals and Improvement of Roads; of course, therefore, a greater Scarcity.

Mr. King. — Increased One-sixth in Price.

Mr. Stone, — According to the best Calculation I can form, the Value of Oak Timber, for Carpenters or Country Business, has increased at least 20 per Cent. within the last Forty Years.

Mr. Davis. — Forty Years ago, in this Part of Ox-Vot. 47.

fordshire, such ordinary Oak Timber, which was sold at Eleventh Report 11 d. per Foot, is now worth l s. 3 d.; but large fine u^enue. Oak will fetch 2s. per Foot at this Time. v

Mr. Pennington. — Increased 20 or 25 per Cent.

Mr. Oddie. — The Price of Oak l imber, within the last Forty Years, for the Purposes here mentioned, is increased more than One-third.

Mr. JVyburd. — Increased nearly double.

Mr. Renshaw. - notwithstanding a much smaller Quantity of Oak is used by Carpenters or in Country Uses, yet the Supply narrowing much quicker, has caused the Price to increase in a small Degree.

Mr. Briant. — The Price of Oak Timber, for Carpenters or Country Uses, is increased, within the last Forty Years, almost double.

Question 10.

Whether the Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals, have not introduced the Use of Coal in Parts of the Country in which Wood was before generally used for FueK And whether, in such Parts, the Demand to*.

Underwood, and the Value of it, have been increased or lessened ?

Answers.

Mr. Croreder. — The same Conveyance by which Coal is brought, may carry back a great Part of the Underwood, which is converted to various Purposes, for the Use of Collieries, Forges, Potteries, Fences,

&c. &c.; and from the Increase of Population, as well as the Increase of Luxury in the Article of Fire, I should imagine the Value of those Underwoods was rather increased than otherwise.

Messrs. Drivers. — In general, where Coal has been introduced, the Demand for Firewood has decreased; though we do not always conceive that to be the Case, as great Part of Underwoods is used for other Purposes than Fuel, particularly in the Hop Countries.

Mr. King. — Coals have been introduced in number-less Instances, by these Improvements, into Countries in which Wood was used for Fuel. I do not know an Instance where the Price of Fuel Wood is absolutely lowered; but there is an Instance near Belvoir Castle, where the Price is the same as Forty Years ago, and a large Quantity cannot now’ be sold by any Means, which I am informed w ould formerly have been readily disposed of.

Mr. Slone. — Certainly Coals are conveyed into the interior Parts of the Country by Means of Canals, where Wood was formerly the general or only Fuel; but this Measure has had but little or no Influence upon the Value of Underwood, that Species of Wood not being much used for Fuel, except the Bushy I>art; and the supposed cheapening of Underwood by the Introduction of Coals has been counterbalanced by the grubbing up of Underwood, and converting the Land to Tillage; and upon the Whole the Price of Underwood remains upon a Par with its Price Forty Years ago.

Mr. Davis — These Circumstances have introduced the Use of Coal more generally instead of Wood, and it has occasioned a Rise in the Price of Underwood; but I cannot say in what Proportion. There are very few Coppices of Underwood hereabouts.

Mr. Pennington. — Coal is much used as Fuel, "both in Suffolk and Sussex, w here Wood was formerly the only Article, yet the Demand for, and Value of, Underwood has been increased.

Mr. Oddie. — Wood is little used for Fuel in this Part, except in the Iron Founderies; and though Pit Coal has of late been commonly used in those Works, yet I understand the Value oi Underwood, &c. for their Use is greatly increased.

Mr. IVyburd. — Where Coal has been introduced, the Use of Wood for Fuel has decreased, and of course the Demand lessened.

Mr.

EUventhReport Mr. Renshaw. — By the Improvements of Roads and

Land ue Canals, Coal hath been kept lower in Price; but the van evenue- g,.eat Cause of its Consumption becoming more univer-' sal, is owing to the increased Abilities of the Consumers, its Superiority over Underwood as Fuel, and the very increased Price of Underwood, owing to the great Quantities of Land cleared for Cultivation.

Mr. Briant. — The Improvement of Roads, and the

Navigable Canals, have introduced the Use of Coal in Parts of the Country where Wood was before generally used for Fuel; and in such Parts the Demand for Underwood, and the Value of it, have, notwithstanding, been greatly increased.

Question 11.

Whether, ift those Parts of the Country in which Underwood is more valuable in Consequence of a Demand for Hop Poles, or from other Causes, it has become the Practice of late Years, more than formerly, to cut down the great Timber Trees on account of the Injury they do to the Underwood ?

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — The large Trees are generally taken down because they produce a great present Price to the - Owner; and, for future Growth, the Spring or Pole Woods are chiefly encouraged, as they are fallen every 20 or 25 Years, and looked upon more profitable than cultivating large Timber.

Messrs. Drivers. — It is very common in the Hop Counties, particularly in Kent, to encourage the Growth of Underwood in Preference to Timber, on account of the great Demand for Poles, more especially Woods in Hand.

Mr. King. — About Hop Poles are much

encouraged, and a great Number of Timber Trees are not sufl'ered to grow; but I think the same Caution was observed formerly.

Mr. Stone. — It is a common Practice to cultivate and preserve Underwood wholly, in Situations where there is a Demand for Hop Poles, or Props for Mines, which large Timber would overshade, drip upon, and destroy.

Mr. Davis. — I cannot say.

Mr. Pennington. — Attention to the Underwood at Times occasions the cutting down the large Timbers; but it is not a general Practice.

Mr. Oddie. — There being no Hop Poles grown in this County (Lancaster) that I know of, or any Thing of that Kind, I cannot satisfactorily answer this Query.

Mr. lienshaw. — It is not customary to permit large Timber to stand in Plantations kept for the Production of Hop Poles, by reason of the great Injury to the Growth of the Poles, and causing them to be of very unequal Lengths.

Mr. Wyburd. — The Demand for Hop Poles has occasioned the Practice of cutting down the great Timber to encourage the Growth of Underwood for Hop Poles, as more valuable to the Owners.

Mr. Briant. — In those Parts of the Country in which Underwood is more valuable in Consequence of a Demand for Hop Poles, or from the Extravagance of the Age, or from the Consideration that Underwoods pay better or quicker than Timber, it has become the Practice of late Years, more than formerly, to cut down the great Timber Trees.

Question 12.

Whether there has been a greater Quantity of Woodland, formerly producing Oak, converted to Tillage within Memory, than of Land of a fit Soil newly planted with Oak?

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — I think more converted to Tillage than newly planted.

Messrs. Drivers. — We do not apprehend that considerable Quantities of Woodland have been cleared of late Years; neither do we apprehend that considerable Quantities of Land have been planted with Oak for the Purposes of raising Timber.

Mr. King. — There has been more planted than grubbed; but it often happens that Noblemen will have a Cloathing of Oak on barren Hills, which will never grow them large enough for Timber.

Mr. Stone. — I have known an immense Quantity of Woodland, producing Oak Timber and Underwood, grubbed up and converted to Tillage; but upon private Property I never saw Land appropriated for, or planted for the Production of, Oak Timber and Underwood, as a profitable Mode of occupying Land. It is a Practice with me (but not generally adopted) whenever I make a Fall of Timber and Underwood, to survey the Stools of Underwood and the Saplings, and to fill up the vacant Places with Plants for Underwood, of Sorts best adapted to the respective Soil, and to dibble in Acorns at proper Distances.

Mr. Davis. — More Woods have been grubbed than Land planted, since Com has borne so great a Price.

Mr. Pennington. — Much Land, formerly producing Oak, both in Suffolk and Sussex, is now converted to Tillage. In the first I have seen little planted; in the latter not an Acre, where I have travelled.

Mr. Oddie. — A greater Quantity of Woodland in general has certainly been converted to Tillage, within Memory, than Land of a fit Soil newly planted.

Mr. Renshaw. — The Expence of converting Oak Woodland into Tillage is so great, that I know few Instances of it. If the Oak be w’holly cut down, it is generally kept as an Underwood or Coppice, and cut periodically; so that there are, I am of Opinion, move Acres of Land planted with Oak or sown with Acorns, than of Oak Woods converted to Tillage.

Mr. IFyburd. — Large Quantities of Woodland pro-

ducing Oak have been converted into Tillage, and very little fresh Soil planted with Oak, on account of the Slowness of its Growth.

Mr. Briant. — There has been a greater Quantity of Woodland, formerly producing Oak, converted to Tillage within Memory, than of Land of a fit Soil newly planted with Oak.

Question 13.

Whether the Plantations, which have been made within Memory, have been chiefly of Oak, or of the Kinds of Trees not fit for the Navy ?

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — The Plantations made consist of many different Sorts of Trees, and, as they are generally intended as Objects of Ornament to the Mansion of a, Nobleman or Gentleman, are as much variegated as possible; and, though a Quantity of Oak is included, yet, for the Reason I have before stated, it is not probable many would be taken down when they arrive at Maturity.

Messrs. Drivers. — New Plantations, in general, chiefly consist of those Kinds of Trees which are of quicker Growth than Oak; but in most Parts some Oak is planted with them.

Mr. King. — I think the Balance is against the Oak.

Mr. Stone. — The Plantations made within my Memory have been chiefly with a View to the ornamenting of Parks and Pleasure Grounds. Oaks and Forest Trees have generally been planted amongst Firs; this Mixture of Plants have been nursed up in Contact with each other, and continued so for a great Length of Time, so that when it became absolutely necessary to clear away a Part of them, those which were considered least beautiful were first consigned to the Axe, and the cold Air has been let in too rapidly

for

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

305

for the Oaks to endure without Injury, by which Means they became stunted and unthrifty.

Mr. Davis. — -Plantations are mostly made of Firs, Beech, Ash, and other Trees coming quicker to Maturity than Oaks, and not fit for Navy Uses.

Mr. Pennington. — Most of the Plantations which I

have known have been for Underwood or Ornaments, not with a View to their producing Oak Timber.

Mr. Oddie. — The Plantations which have been made within Memory have been chiefly of Fir, Larch, or other quick growing and ornamental Wood, rather than of Oak.

Mr. Renshazo. — Excepting the Plantations of Oak

made by a few Noblemen, the others are principally of Wood not calculated for the Navy; but pay a better and more speedy Rent for the Land than Oak.

Mr. JVyburd. — New Plantations are in general of the Kinds of Trees not fit for the Navy.

Mr. Briant. — The Plantations which have been

made within Memory, have been more of the Kinds of Trees iiot fit for the Navy, than of Oak.

Question 14.

Whether there are any Commons, or Commonable Woods, of considerable Extent, in those Counties; and whether the Quantity of Timber growing in such Woods or Commons is considerable ?

Messrs. Drivers. — It is not well preserved, but suffers Eleventh Report great Depredation and Waste. f the l'0;ild 01

& 1 f«r 1 ... Land llevenut*.

Mr. King. — Common Right in Woods is very injurious v_ ___

to them; and so are Deer.

Mr. Stone. — The Commoners in such Situations consider the Growth of Timber and Underwood us a Delay of their Interest in the Herbage, and therefore they commit every Kind of Depredation upon it, as well as on Account of the immediate Gain, by converting whatever Wood they can lay hold of to their own Use.

Mr. Davis. — See Answer to Question 14.

Mr. Pennington. — See Answer to Question 14.

Mr. Oddie. — See Answer to Question 14.

Mr. Renshazo. — See Answer to Question 14.

Mr. JVyburd. — The Timber on the Commonable Woods in Sasser is well preserved, it being the Custom to shut up certain Proportions, and draw* Saplings at different Periods, for giving the Air free Circulation.

Mr. Briant. — The Timber on such Commons, or upon such Wastes, is not well preserved, but suffers great Depredation and Waste.

Question 16.

Whether, on such Commons or Commonable Woodlands as have been divided and inclosed, any considerable Quantities of Wood or Timber have been raised ?

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — I believe there are very few, and the Quantity of Timber inconsiderable.

Messrs. Drivers. — There are some Commons, particularly in Hampshire and Berkshire, which are planted with Oak; but it is not so well preserved as in Inclosures, being so frequently lopped and cut by the Cottagers for Tuel.

Mr. King. — Forests in this Question I suppose to be excepted, having already been examined. I know Three Common Woods in Hampshire, and One in Leicestershire; but there is no considerable Quantity of Navy Timber in them.

Mr. Stone. — There are immense Commons in the Counties I have mentioned, and but very small Portions of them are productive of Wood; for upon Land subject to Commonable Cattle, very little young Wood can escape their fatal Jaw's.

Mr. Davis. — Very little Navy Timber in this Part of the County, either in Woods or otherwise.

Mr. Pennington. — I know of none.

Mr. Oddie. — There are Commons of very considerable Extent in the Counties I have mentioned, but no Wood growing therein worthy of Notice.

Mr. Renshazo. — There are no considerable Quantity of Commons or Commonable Woods in the County of Nottingham (except Sherwood Forest.)

Mr. JVyburd. — There are Commonable Woods in Sussex of large Extent, with considerable Quantities of Timber, but very little fit for the Navy.

Mr. Briant. — There are not any Commonable Woods of considerable Extent in those Counties I have mentioned; but there are large Wastes, and considerable Quantities of Oak Timber have been growing on those Wastes, but such Timber is now also greatly decreased.

Question 15.

Whether the Timber in such Commons or Commonable Woods is well preserved, or suffers great Depredation and Waste ?

Answers.

Mr. Craivder. — The Timber upon all Commons is subject to great Abuse, particularly when the Commoners have a Right of cutting; but where it belongs to the Lord of the Manor only, Means are taken to preserve it.

Vol. 47.

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — The Inclosures within my Knowledge have not tended to the raising of Wood, but rather the contrary; when the Land is of any tolerable Quality, it is always cleared and converted into Arable. But where from Situation or inferiority of Soil, such Cultivation is impracticable, or not an Object, then such Ground is inclosed for the Purpose of growing Wood; it seldom produces large Timber, but is principally appropriated to the Growth of Spring or Pole Wood.

Messrs. Drivers. — We do not apprehend that considerable Quantities of Wood or Timber have been raised upon new inclosed Commons.

Mr. King. — No considerable Quantity. I know but of One Instance, where, by inclosing, the Thorns were suffered to grow up, and foster a young Oak Wood, which had hitherto been kept down by the Common Stock.

Mr. Stone. — In the Inclosures in which I have been concerned, not one of the Proprietors interested have considered the Appropriation of any Part of their Allotments to the raising of Timber and Underwood. Trees have not generally been planted with the young Quicks in Hedge Rows, they being considered detrimental to the Grow th of the Quicksets, and as a Means of preventing the Admission-of the Sun, and a free Circulation ot Air upon Cultivated Land.

Mr. Davis. — Those Commonable Lands that have been inclosed within my Observation are chiefly converted, either to Arable or Pasture, and not to the Growth of Wood and Timber. Planting is chiefly confined to opulent Men, with a View of making Pleasure Grounds The Medals given by the Society of Arts would point out the most considerable Planters.

Mr. Pennington. — See Answer to Question 14.

Mr. Oddie. — Many Commons have of late been inclosed, but I do not know of any considerable Quantity of Timber having been raised or planted on such Inclosures.

Mr. Re?ishazo. — Any Commons, or Commonable Woods, that have been inclosed, have been generally cleared, and converted to Tillage.

Mr. JVyburd — Has not answered this Question.

Mr. Briant. — I know of no such Divisions or Inclosures, as here mentioned.

4 I Question

306 13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

Question 17.

Whether a farther Division and Inclosure of such Commons or Commonable Wood Lands would, in your Opinion, be the Means of increasing the Quantity of Wood and Timber?

Any other Observations or Information, on the Subject of the preceding Questions, will be very acceptable.

Answers.

Mr. Crowder. — I think not.

In this Part of the Country large Oak Timber is likely very soon to be a scarce Article. The Number of Mills, Engines, and Machines of different Sorts, employed in both the Woollen and Cotton Manufactories, and which every Day increase astonishingly, consume a large Quantity of the largest and best Timber, and for those Purposes Price does not seem to be an Object, as I have known Trees sold this Season, standing, at 45. per Foot, or 8/. per Ton.

Crowder, Brotherton, near Ferrybridge, April 30th, 1791.

Messrs. Drivers. — If Commons, or Commonable Woodlands, were properly inclosed and planted, and afterwards Care taken of them, great Quantities of fine Timber m'uiht be raised, ns well for the Navy as for Country Uses, and Fuel, which in future would afford a constant Supply, and of course a great Benefit to the Nation; for the Management of which we must beg you to refer to our Report upon the Growth of Timber.

Wc w ill just take the Liberty to hint, that if some Method could be found out, that would prevent the falling of young Oak in full vigour, it would be of great Service, as we have known many Instances of that Kind, particularly of one lately, where 2,000 Trees w ere sold for 1,000l. Perhaps, if Government were always ready to advance Money upon growing Timber, by Way of Mortgage, it might be accomplished. In that Case the Trees might be marked, and their future Increase valued when cut down.

A. and IV. Driver.

Mr. King. — Inclosing of Common Woodlands is

o o #

right, without Doubt; but inclosing of Common Fields and Commons will not increase the Quantity of Timber in any considerable Degree, but whatever Alteration takes Place from inclosing will be towards the Increase of Timber. More Trees are generally to be seen in an inclosed Parish than in an open one.

The Consumption of Timber in this Kingdom has increased enormously since the Memory of Man.

Planting of Oaks on proper Soils should be recommended strongly; which cannot be done in a better Way, than to point out a Method of performing the Business that will not be expensive, and to demonstrate from Facts, that Plantations raised by such Method will pay as much or more than letting the Land to be occupied in the usual Way.

Plantations of Oak may be raised for much less Expence than Plantations of any other Kind of Trees.

IV. King,

Castle,

May 3d, 1791.

Mr. Stone. — The further Division and Inclosure of such Commons and Commonable Woodland would not, in tny Opinion, tend to increase the Quantity of Wood and Timber in England, unless by some Effort of the Legislature, whenever Inclosures take Place, the Proprietors were either /ompelled or encouraged to it.

7 ho' Stone,

April 27th, 1791.

Mr. Davis. — Certainly; because in those Woods where Cattle constantly depasture, few young Trees come to Perfection, unless they are preserved from the Cattle by growing in Thickets of Bushes; and the Bushes in Commonable Woodlands are cut and stolen by the Poor.

There are considerable Tracts of Waste Land near this Place, consisting of Sheep Downs on the Sides of Hills, and other Places where Timber might be planted to Advantage; but the usual Custom is, with only a few Exceptions, to cut down as much as possible, and to plant few or none.

A Reference to my Report of Forest,

under the Head of Timber, would shew my further Opinion on the Growth and Preservation of Timber in general. R Davis.

Oxfordshire.

Mr. Pennington. — The dividing of Commonable Woodlands, and apportioning it to Individuals, would not, in my Opinion, be the Means of increasing the Growth of Timber. In general the Land will be turned to those Uses that yield immediate Profit. I recollect no Instance of a large Extent of such a Soil as will produce fine Navy 'l imber being made a Nursery for Oak.

Joseph Pennington.

Mr. Oddie. — As there does not appear to be much

Timber growing on the Commons or Wastes, a farther Division and Inclosure might tend to the Increase of Timber, if Plantations were made on such Parts of the said Commons as are most suitable for that Purpose. And I am of Opinion, that considerable Quantities of Land are Annually inclosed, some Parts of which are better adapted to the Growth of Timber than to the Purposes of Agriculture. Perhaps a Mode might be fixed upon for encouraging the planting of such Grounds, by allowing a Premium, or a Bounty per Acre, under particular Regulations.

Mat Oddie, Colne, 30th April 1791.

Mr. liens haw. — A farther Division of the Open Lands would he the Means of converting it to a more useful and profitable Purpose by Cultivation; and probably some of the most barren Parts would be planted and preserved, which would tend to the Increase of Wood, as at present upon such Land the Wood is not increasing, but very much the contrary.

Perhaps a Bounty for the planting of Oak, under proper Restrictions, might be ultimately a National Benefit.

Renshaw,

Owthorpe, Feb. 20th, 1791.

Mr. IVyburd. — It would certainly increase the Quantity of Wood and Timber.

Within the Perambulation of the Forests of Alice-holt and Woolmer, it was formerly the Custom to grant Licences for cutting Timber when fit for the Navy, and without such Licence none could be cut; but that has been very improperly discontinued, greatly detrimental to the Growth of large Timber, and it is now cutting very small. If Proportions of those Forests were divided and inclosed in the Way the Commons are in Sussex, they would produce large Quantities of Timber; and it is absolutely necessary that some Steps be taken for the Preservation of Timber for the Navy, as otherwise there will not be any for that Purpose in a very few Years; and the Deer should not be suffered to remain in the Forests, as they destroy the young

Sll00ts- Jaques and IVyburd,

Hatton Garden, 4th May 1791.

Mr.

13° Febru

307

Mr. Briant. — Divisions and Inclosures of such Commons or Commonable Woodlands, would, in my Opinion, be the Means of increasing the Quantity of Wood and Timber.

His Majesty’s Forests have, from Time to Time, been very greatly neglected, as there are large Extents of Waste Grounds therein, which, if inclosed and properly planted would afford, in a Series of Years, a great Succession of valuable Timber; and the same may be said of almost all the Waste Lands elsewhere with which I am acquainted. Rob1 Briant.

Merchant Ship Builders;

N* 10.

QUESTIONS proposed by Thomas Mitchell, Esquire, late First Assistant to the Surveyor of the Navy, at the Desire of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, to Mr. Wells,

Mr. Barnard,

Mr. Hilhouse,

Mr. Nmclan,

Mr. Binmer, late Second, and nowr First Assistant to the Surveyor of the Navy; and Mr. Poore, Timber Merchant.

With their ANSWERS.

Question I.

Has the Price of great Oak Timber increased ? and, if it has, how much, since the Year 1771 ? — The same Question as to Timber of middling Size; and the same as to what i$ only fit for the Use of the Carpenter.

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — The Price of large Oak Timber, in the Years 1771 and 1772, was higher than ever was known, owing to a sudden Demand for Timber. From 1772 to 1774, it fell in Price from Five to Ten Shillings per Load; since that Time it has not varied much, nor has the middling Size Timber.

Mr. Barnard. — Large Timber has increased in Price, from 1771 to 1785, Ten Shillings per Load. Middling Size Timber, within the same Period, Six Shillings per Load. That which is fit for Carpenters Use, within the same Period, One Shilling and Six Pence per Load.

Mr. Hilhouse. — The Price of large Oak Timber has increased to the Consumer at the Rate of about 5$. per Ton; middling Size Timber has increased in nearly the same Proportion.

Mr. Binmer. — There is no Doubt but the Price of large Oak Timber has increased since 1771, not a great deal in llis Majesty's Service, but to the Merchant Builder it may, from Five to Seven Shillings per Load; but indeed they are best qualified to answer this Question. A [Merchant contracting with Government for building a Capital Ship or Ships is of course immediately to look out for Timber to enable him to launch the Ship in the Time contracted for; if for a short Time, the Timber Merchant takes an Advantage, by raising the Price, knowing the Merchant’s Necessity. It may again happen the Timber Merchant has a very handsome Lot of Compass or Crooked Timber; he here again takes another Advantage, "well knowing this Timber must be had, and that it is always marketable; so that to a Merchant Builder it would be somewhat difficult to say the Advance, without taking the Whole of the Timber used in the Ship, and striking the Average. This Method of course would take in large, middling, and small; and with respect to Thick-stuff, from 8^ to 5 Inches, together with Knees, which they have purchased separate from other Timber, they have given great Prices for. This and Plank is the only Article the Navy Board has advanced the Price on since 1771.

Mr. Nowlan — The Price for large Naval Timber,

Vol. 47.

as received in His Majesty’s Dock Yards in the Year Eleventh insert 1771 remains unaltered; but Contractors to build oitho Hoard of Ships of War, and Ships for the Past India Service, J-and

pay from Five to Seven Shillings per Load more than the Price given to Timber Merchants to supply His Majesty’s Dock Yranls. The Reason, in my Opinion, is, the Timber Merchant has a Certainty, both in Payments, and a continued Demand for Naval Timber; but the Merchant Builders Demand is uncertain after their present Engagements, and a Possibility of Failure in Payments, which too often is occasioned from unforeseen Disappointments, such as Delects, opening in the Timber Knees, &c. &c. Alter repeated anxious and expensive Journies, the Individual, who has not Fortune sufficient to support such repeated Losses, must fall in a wide Field of Speculation; for such is Ship-building, on a large and extensive Scale. Every other Business is almost reduced in their Dealings to nearly a Certainty in Calculation. Timber of middling Size for Frigates, and other small scantling Ships, is advanced on an Average about Five Shillings per Load; and the Quality of such Timber much inferior, relative to its Conversion, than what it was before, and some Time since 1771. The Reason I will give in Answer to the 4th Question.

The small Timber, fit only for the Carpenter, is nearly the same Price as in 1771; the Reason, I suppose, from Numbers stopping in their Growth before they arrive to Size sufficient for the Use of Ship-building; and I fear too many thriving young Oaks fall by an equally hurtful Order, from Motives of Covetousness, or extravagant Effects; which, if it was possible, should he prevented, as the Preservation of such Oaks is of the greatest Importance to llis Majesty's Dominions for future Dependance.

Mr. Poore. — 'Hie Price of large Timber continues the same at the King’s Y ards as in 1771; when King’s Ships were building in Merchants Yards, Five Shillings per Load was in general given, more than at the King’s Yrards. Small Timber has been fluctuating, sometimes more and sometimes less; is now nearly the same.

Question 2.

Do you think the Quantity of each of those Kinds, now' growing in England, has decreased ? And if so, in what Proportion, within the same Time ?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — The Quantity of Timber of all Kinds has decreased since the Year 1771, but the larger Sort in a greater Proportion.

Mr. Barnard. — The large Timber, from the great Consumption from 1774 to 1785, has decreased in the Counties within my Knowledge (viz. Kent, Sussex,

Surrey, Middlesex, Essex, Suffolk, Norfolk, Oxf ordshire, and Berkshire) One-tenth Part; the middling Size, within the same, One-tw entieth; the small, as sooner coming to Growth fit for Carpenters Use, has been decreased only in Proportion as Woodlands have been stubbed up.

Mr. Hilhouse. — I think the Quantity of each has decreased very considerably, the Proportion of such Decrease I am not competent to determine.

Mr. Binmer. — To judge the Proportion of Decrease wrould be somewhat difficult: That it has decreased, there is not a Doubt, as I apprehend an Increase in Price must shew a Decrease of Timber; the Decrease I suppose to be in Proportion as from the l imber used in a First Rate to that of a Sloop.

Mr. Nowlan. — Naval Timber, growing since 1771, has decreased full Half, from the great Demand, last War, for Ships of all Classes, built for His Majesty’s Service, in the Royal Dock Y ards, and by Contract.

The middling Size, from the late Demand, until the Conclusion of the War, has decreased about One

Third;

J

308 13° Februani. A. 17

Eleventh Report Third; and since the Conclusion of the War to this of the Board of Time, but little Decrease has taken Place. As Store-Land Revenue, ships, Transports, &c. have, since the War, returned - " v- from Government Service into Trade; consequently less Occasion for the Consumption of middling Size Oaks in the Merchants Service. The Dearth of Merchant Ship-building, at this Time, is a sufficient Proof that the Number of Trading Vessels are equal to the Commerce of the First Commercial Nation in the World. The Decrease of small growing Oak Timber, since 1771, is about One Fifth.

Question 3.

Has the Consumption of Timber for Naval Use increased in that Time?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — The Demand for Timber for Naval Use has been greater in that Time than ever I remember.

Mr. Barnard. — The Consumption of Timber for Naval Uses increased, from 1774 to 1785, beyond what this Country ever experienced, in Three Times the Number of Years.

Mr. Hilhouse. — The Consumption of Naval Timber

has very much increased during that Time.

Mr. Binmer. — That the Consumption of Timber

has increased since that Time there cannot be a Doubt; as to my Knowledge there has been not less than 40 Ships of the Line, and 130 from 50 Guns to Sloops, built in the Merchants Yards, for His Majesty's Service; and that Planting has not been equal to the Consumption few will Doubt. Indeed the Building in the Royal Dock Yards, particularly Portsmouth and Plymouth, has not been great, as the continual fitting of Fleets to Sea has been at those Places the principal Object; this must have occasioned a great Quantity of v Timber and Plank, but mostly the latter.

Mr. Non Ian. — The Consumption of Naval Timber since the Year 1771, is full Half more.

Question 4.

If you should be of Opinion that the Quantity growing has decreased very much, that the Consumption for the Navy and for Trading Ships is greater, and yet that the Price is not much higher than it was in 1771, to what Cause do you impute there not having been a greater Rise in the Price ?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — Timber, like every other Article of Trade, the greater the Demand for it the more will be brought to Market: Add to this, the great Necessity many Gentlemen of Landed Property were under to fall their Timber; and also the very amazing and rapid Improvements in Roads and Navigation within the Time mentioned, which brought many Thousand Loads of Timber to Market, that before no one would have attempted to move, as the Expence of Carriage would have been too great.

Mr. Barnard. — The little Fluctuation of Price of Oak Timber has been principally owing to the Steadiness of Government’s Contract Prices.

Mr. Hilhouse. — I am of Opinion that the Quantity growing has much decreased; that the Consumption for the Navy and Trading Vessels is greater; and that some of the Causes w by the Rise in the Price has not been greater, are, the great Demand there was for Money among the Country Gentlemen; the great Increase of the V alue of Land alter it has been cleared, which in many Places has been from Seven Shillings per Acre to Thirty-five Shillings; the Navigable Cuts, which have rendered the Communication with the inland and interior Parts of the Kingdom so much easier than formerly for Carriage, by which Means Capital Timber, that otherw ise never would or could have been brought to a Naval Market (owing to the great Expence of Land Carriage attending it) has been rendered to the Consumer at a less Price than the Carriage alone would have cost before those Cuts were made.

Mr. Binmer. — I am of Opinion there has been a Decrease, as by my Answer to the Second Article; and that the Consumption for the Navy has been very great, I have endeavoured to prove by the Third Article: And am farther of Opinion, that the Consumption for Trading Ships in the same Time, has been about Half what has been used for Ships of the Navy built in Merchants Yards. One Reason, I apprehend, that Timber has not increased in Price, as might have been expected, equal to the Consumption, that the Commissioners of the Navy have taken great Pains to keep the Price down, and have succeeded. I have heard the Merchant Builders frequently declare they were under great Obligations to the Commissioners of the Navy in keeping the Timber Merchants to some Degree of reasonable Terms. On the other Hand, the Timber Merchants declare, were they to raise the Price to the Navy and Merchants (to any great Degree) the Grower would immediately advance upon them, and of course their Profits would not be increased.

Mr. Nozclan. — It is my Opinion, though the Decrease of Naval and Merchant Timber has been considerable since 1771, yet many Owners of Woodlands continue to dispose of their Property, for various Reasons, to Timber Merchants, who sometimes purchase of those Gentlemen nearly at the Price they did in 1771, but often at a greater Price, especially for large Timber, fit for His Majesty’s Service; consequently the Contractor’s Profit must be less since 1771. And a Reason, as I conceive, the Timber Merchant does not increase his Price on middling Size Oak Timber more than Five Shillings per Load, is from the general Practice used by them, in the Conversion of such Timber, by cutting off all Knees from it, that will answer their Contract in His Majesty's Dock Yards, or to dispose of to the Merchant Builder, who (prior to this Mode of Conversion by the Timber Merchant) purchased such Timber of them, with the Advantage of Knee Limbs on the Timber, consequently the Timber Merchant’s Profit is in Proportion to the Purchaser’s Loss. It is possible a Line may be drawn for each to have a sufficient Profit, but the Principle of must be first reduced into the Practice of that excellent Rule — To do to others as we wish to be done unto.

Mr. Poore's Answer to the 2d, 3d, and 4th Questions.

Large Timber much decreased, nearly Half, from the large Quantities used in the King’s and Merchants Yards in the late War, but never greater Care taken to encourage the Growth of Oak Timber than at this Time, through almost every County in the Kingdom. Little Timber now used in private Yards, Merchants Ships being very plenty, owing to the great Number now in Trade that were employed as Transports in the late War. The Price given to Gentlemen for Timber of different Sizes is more than in 1771, by which Means there is scarcely any Profit to be obtained by the Merchant, although greater Care is taken in the Conversion in selecting Knee Timber; which has been hurtful to the Builder in private Yards.

Question 5.

Has the Price of Ships built in private Dock Yards, either for the Navy or for the East India Company, risen ? and if so, how much, since 1771 ?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — The Price of Ships built, either for the Navy or the East India Company, has varied very little in the Time mentioned, except in the Time of the War,

1

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

309

War, when the Price of East India Ships got up from 12/. per Ton to 13/. ioj. and 14/. 145. and are now 13/.

Mr. Barnard. — Line of Battle Ships have increased Twelve Shillings per Ton; Frigates Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Ton; Ships of 800 Tons for the East India Company’s Service Forty Shillings per Ton.

Mr. Hil/touse. — The Price of Ships built in the private Yards, for the Navy, hath risen, sincetheYeari77i, about Five Shillings per Ton; the India Ships about Forty Shillings per Ton.

Mr. Binmer. — The Price both Ships of War and

India Ships has increased since 1771. Government was under Contract for building Ships of 74 Guns in private Yards, and Frigates, in 1771. The Price per Ton (at that Time) for building Ships of 74 Guns in the River Thames, was vjl. 5 s. It has since increased to 17/. 17$. 6d. Frigates were then built for 11/. tu. It has since increased to 11 /. 15 I think East India Ships, about 1770, were built at 11/. 12 s. per Ton, has since increased to 14/. 105. and what was termed the full Contract was 151. They are now come back to 13/. which was the last Price given for a Ship of 1170 Tons built in Yard.

Mr. Nozvlan. — The Price of Ships built by Contract for His Majesty’s Service, and those for the East India Company, since 1771, has increased. A Reference to the Navy Office Books for the former, and Application to the Builders in the River Thames for the latter, will give better Information than I can possibly give.

Mr. Poore. — Ship Builders in the Thames are best Judges.

Question 6.

Is the Expence to the Public of building a Ship in the Royal Dock Yards greater, or less, than in purchasing a Ship of equal Rate and Tonnage built in private Dock Yards, reckoning the Price per Load, of the Timber used, the same in both? — And if there be any material Difference, be so good as to mention what, in your Opinion, is the Cause of it.

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — The Expence to the Public in building Ships in the Royal Dock Yards I should suppose is very considerably higher than in private Yards.

Mr. Barnard. — If into the Calculation of the Expence of building any Ship in the Royal Dock Yards is admitted that Ship’s Proportion of all the Yard Rent and Expences, as is the Case in Calculations in private Yards, it will be found they will at least double the Expence of those built in the latter. The Causes are various: Much larger Meetings, and more unprofitable Timber are purchased; large Quantities of that purchased, by an Overstock and long Keeping, are rendered unfit for Use; extraordinary Mode of Conversion; very great Difference in Expence of Workmanship; extraordinary Consumption of various Materials used in Building (not a Part of the Ships) in Royal Yards; &c. &c.

Mr. Hilhouse. — It is a general Opinion that the Expence of building a Ship in the Royal Yards is greater than it is in the private Yards; I think so too, admitting the Price of the Timber used the same in both; one Reason is, that the Waste and Offal in the former is not so (Economically disposed of, nor do the Workmen labour so hard, as in the latter (the late Mode of Task Work excepted).

Mr. Binmer. — I am of Opinion that the Ships built in the Royal Dock Yards generally turn out to a greater Expence than those built in private Yards. Many Reasons may be assigned for this Cause: We commonly convert our Frames or Timbers of the Ship Vol. 47-

much squarer; not that I know it to be much better Eleventh Kqt-n

for the Ship, for the Timber that grows nearest the tl,e *i,ard ,t

Mould will be the best; in general, the Officers, Con- a"

verters of Timber, and Workmen, are much more in

the Habits of Niceness, in all Respects, than they are

in the Merchants Yards, particularly as Work within a

few Years was always performed by the Day, and in the

private Yards always by the Great; besides, a much

greater Number of Officers, in proportion to the

Workmen, is employed in the Royal Yards to what

there is in Merchants Yards in a Proportion at least of

Six to One, all which of course must enhance the Price

of Building in the Royal Yards.

Mr. Nozvlan. — The Returns of Progress from the proper Officers of His Majesty’s Yards to the Navy Board, of the Expence of Building the re, give a more accurate Account than I possibly can; and the Price given to Contractors to build Ships for His Majesty’s Service, the Navy Office Books mention. The Cause of Difference (for some there is) I judge, proceeds from the greater Consumption of Timber, though reckoning the Price per Load used in both the same. No Doubt the Officers in whose Department it is to order and see the Conversion of His Majesty’s Timber, &c. &c. are careful Judges; but the Timber in general served into the Royal Dock Yards, from His Majesty’s Forests, and by Contract, is larger in general than what an individual Builder can buy, the Price given him for building considered; consequently, it is the Builder’s Interest to purchase Timber as near the Scantlings required as possible; and here the Contract Timber Merchant charges the Individual often a Price equal to larger Meetings; but though such Charges I have experienced, yet the general Consumption of Timber in His Majesty’s Yards must exceed that of private Yards Consumption. Was Encouragement given to His Majesty’s Subjects, in , to build Ships of War, from 74 Guns to Frigates, or lesser Classes, if required, in private Yards, and proper Length of Time given to season under a Roofing, it would have a National good Effect; while First and Second Rates, and the Repairs of the Navy, in Rotation, would be ample Employment for His Majesty’s Dock Yards. The Utility of the above Mode to keep the Navy in an effective State, and the Subject useful in his Native Country, is too obvious to require any Explanation.

Mr. Poore. — The Navy Board, from the Returns made at the Dock Yards, and from the Contracts made with private Builders, must know best.

Question 7.

Is there any Difference, and if any, what Difference, in the Duration of Ships of War built or purchased ?

Question 8.

What is the Cause of such Difference, and w hat do you consider to be the Duration of each at a Medium, according to the Mode of Building hitherto used ?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — I am of Opinion the Ships built in private Dock Yards would last much longer than those built in the public, provided they were the same 'lime building; and for this Reason, the private Builder is obliged to be much more (economical in the Conversion of his Timber, than can be expected in the public Yards; the Timber therefore is nearer to the Size for the Use intended, and of Consequence much younger.

Mr. Barnard. — Ships built in private Yards, that have had equal Time for Seasoning and Building, and have been impartially treated under Survey and Repair, have been, under similar Circumstances, equally durable with those built in the Royal Dock Yards.

4 K The

310 19P Februa. 1792.

Eleventh Report The Answer to the Seventh Question fully answers of the Board of the former Part of the Eighth. It is difficult to average Land Revenue, the Duration of Ships of War: the only Approach to

----- ----- ----- ' Truth herein must arise from Examination of Official

Naval Documents.

Mr. Hilhouse. — The Difference of the Duration of Ships, built or purchased, may be as 7 is to 6 in Favour of the former. *

The Cause of such Difference, supposing the Ship in the Royal Yard to be built by the Day, and one in the private Yard by the Job, consists in the superior Goodness of the Work on the former; but, according to the present Mode of Task Work in the Royal Yards, I do not think there is any considerable Difference. The principal Cause, I think, must be the longer Time the former is in building more than the latter; for, were they both to remain the same Time on the Stocks, and their respective Works carried on at the same Season of the Year, the latter, in my Opinion, would then have the Advantage, from her Materials being constantly exposed to the Weather, and not housed or put under Sheds (as is the Custom in the Royal Yards) by which Exposure the sour Juices of the Oak are drawn out by the Wet and Frost, and are not so liable to heat after it is confined in the Ship. Another Cause is, the Deficiency in caulking the latter, which, on the Upper Works, is never so carefully performed as in the former; and it is well known, that the Preservation and Duration of a Ship depends on keeping her tight the first Two Years after she is launched. A well-built Ship, in the Royal Yards, will last from Twelve to Sixteen Years; in a private Yard, from Nine to Fourteen Years.

Mr. Binmer. — I should conceive no very material Difference in the Duration of those built in the King’s Yards, and those of private Yards. The Materials used of all Kinds, I am clear, from an Experience of Eighteen Years (having inspected the Ships building in Merchants Yards that Time, under the immediate Orders of the Commissioners of the Navy) that they are no M ay inferior to those used in the Royal Yards. If the Duration be any longer, it must proceed from the Reasons given in the Sixth Article. To a Ship of the Line building in a private Yard, One Officer only is appointed by Government to be immediately on the Spot, with the Visits of an Assistant Surveyor of the Navy Once a Week, in the River Thames. This was the Practice during the last War. On a Ship of the Line in the Royal Dock Yards there will be seldom less than Six Officers, besides the occasional Visits every Day of the Builder and his Two Assistants.

As in my Opinion there appears no great Difference in the Duration of Ships built in the Royal Dock Yards and those of private, I mean if built in the Course of a War, and in the same Time, which I presume is stating it fair, their Duration (supposing Ships of the Line) without any material Repair, may arrive to Eight Years. If after that Time they were to be regularly surveyed, I am of Opinion a great deal of the Frame (or Timbers) would require shifting, and in general to come under the Term of a Middling Repair; and I think it would appear dear, were the Records of Office searched, that such has befen the Case, both of Ships built in Royal and private Dock Yards, agreeable to the Mode of building practised in she last War.

Mr. Noxvlan. — ‘Whatever Difference is found in the

Duration of Ships built in His Majesty's Yards, and those purchased by Contract, must be in Proportion to the Difference of Quality in the Timber, &c. used in each, and the Difference of Time, and Mode in Seasoning, in the King’s and Merchants Yards.

The Cause of Difference of Ships built in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, and those by Contract, often proceed from the Supply of Oak Timber in the Royal

Dock Yards being of the largest Class, which generally overstand its due Time, consequently its natural Juices dried, and its Progress to Decay rapid. The Ships built by Contract generally have younger Timber, as it is the Builder’s Interest to purchase as near the proper Size, suitable for the Class building, as possible; and if Time sufficient is given to the Contract Builder to let the Frame, Beams, Knees, Thickstuff, and Plank (all being under Cover) thoroughly season, the growing Timber thus hardened will last longer than Timber that has overstood its Time, though an equal Time of Seasoning is given to both. The Medium Duration of Ships built in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, and those in Contract, from the Mode hitherto used, I leave to the Information the Navy Office Books will give of each.

Mr. Poore. — Were the Ships built (or repaired either in the King’s or private Yards, properly seasoned in their Frames, and the Plank, Thick-stuff, &c. before put on, the Duration would be nearly the same.

The Duration of Ships must chiefly depend on the Time given for Seasoning: and where proper Means are used to admit a free Circulation of Air; which has been too often proved, and will again, while Green Timber and Plank are used in building and repairing.

Question 9.

Can you suggest any Improvement by which the Duration of Ships would be increased, and in which the Expence would not exceed the Value of the Timber saved ? — If you can, be so good as to state it.

Answers.

Mr. JVells. — The only Improvement I can recommend, is the Method used in the private Yards with the }Cast India Ships, which is, to let the Outside Plank

be fastened with Bolts, the Plank to be properly bored off for Treenails, and the Holes left open for the Air to pass through the Timbers. This is, in my Opinion, the best Method ever adopted for seasoning Ships.

Mr. Barnard. — By contracting for Ships of War in private Yards in the River , limiting the Time for Seasoning in their various Stages of Building, and finishing them in such a Time of Year as shall secure them from Damps, would be the truest CEconomy, and Means of obtaining a Succession of well-seasoned Ships for the Support of the Navy, at a much cheaper Rate, and prevent Disappointment, and the Necessity that arises in Time of War of building in great Haste, and with unseasoned Materials. Laying them up under Cover, with every possible Part opened for a free Current of dry Air, would be the best Preservative.

Mr. Ililhouse. — I can suggest no greater Improvement, by which the Duration of Ships would be prolonged, than falling the Timber in Winter instead of the Summer.

Mr. Binmer. — It was suggested by a late Surveyor of the Navy, Sir J. Williams, in the Year 1771, before a Committee of the Honourable House of Commons; upon a Question of this Kind being asked, his Answer, 1 think, was nearly this: That after a Ship (principally speaking of Ships of the Line) was complete in her Frame, which is, that every Timber which forms the Construction be in its Place, to continue in this Position for Six or Twelve Months, the latter if the Exigence of the Times did not prevent it, that the Juices might exhale by standing nearly in the Position each Tree grew, together with the Beams to be placed perpendicularly round the Ship, with the Knees of the lower Deck; the Thick-stuff to be set Edgeways, and to have the same Seasoning. This Method was complied with in some Ships in the Royal Dock Yards, and in a lesser Degree in some building in private Yards. I believe the Effects of this Method have not been clearly ascertained. The War coming on prevented

32 Geo. III. 13° .

311

vented in great Measure this Practice. Another Method, whidi we have not at all adopted, or in a very small Degree, is, after a Ship’s Frame is complete, to bring on. her Wales and Plank by bolting them partially to the Timbers, boring all the Holes through Timber and Plank, but not driving the Treenails, which has been the common Method practised; by which Means there will be a free Passage of Air, and both Timber and Plank will be better seasoned, by the Juices exuding freer, by the Perforation being made in the Timber and Plank. What is used of Iron or Copper, more than in the common Method, will be saved in Treenails, as it was usual to drive out the Treenails that fastened the without Board Plank, that when the Inside Stuff was brought on, both might be fastened together, and those Treenails so drove out were never of any further Use. Now no Treenails will be used till the Whole is fastened together, which must be a great Saving in that Article, of near One Half/ In this State a Ship of the Line would be well seasoned in One Year, and prove a more lasting Ship. This Method has been used on India Ships, and suggested by the present India Surveyor. Much has been said on Winter-felled Timber, though this I believe was never properly ascertained. Winter-felled Timber has been used partially, but never to complete the Frame of a Ship. It certainly would be proper to try the Experiment upon a single Ship of the Line, or more if thought proper. I think it would prove at least as durable as Summer-felled. I should again apprehend, that after the Ships were complete in their Frames, were Sheds erected over them, so as to keep them as dry as possible, with a free Circulation of Air, and in this Position to remain Twelve Months, it might be a Means of their longer Durability.

Mr. Nowlan — The Durability of the Navy is an Object of so great Importance to His Majesty’s Dominions, that to answer this Question fully and effectually requires Judgment superior to mine. But, as it is my Duty to attempt, agreeable to your Request, your Candour I know will excuse. I consider it would be a great Means of Duration to Ships of War, and large Merchant Ships, if all large 'Limber, that has overstood its proper Time, was to be in future converted for the lower Part of Ships, such as Dead-wood Floors, Midship First Futtocks, and other Timbers that is under the Line of the light Draft of Water, as it is well known that Parts of Ships that have been under Repair have been found sound, when other Parts have been in a state of Decay. Growing sound Timber should be appropriated from light Draft of Water up. Beam Pieces and Thick-stulf should be converted out of Timber of growing Quality. Knees should be regarded more for their Strength than Largeness, for the Growth of Knees in general, hold not in the Arm a proportion with the Body; and a strong growing Limb* if less One Inch in the Arm than its respective Sidings, is preferable in Strength to one more square, if overstood its Time. The Growth of all Ships Frames should be regarded more for its Strength than Squareness. An early Provision of Beam-Pieces, Knees, Thick-stuff*, and Plank, should be made, and disposed of under Sheds. That the Butt End of the Beams be bored, as soon as converted, from Butt to Searph, with a proportioned Size Auger to their respective Scantlings; and to be met there with an in-and-out Hole, to give a free Passage of Air through the Body of each Piece; and then put away on >kidds under Sheds. That a running Groove be cut from Hole to Hole, when the Scarphs are fayed, to give entire Passage of Air to the Beam when together. Pertorating the Beams in the Center of the Body will have the desired Effect. After the Frame has stood its Time to season, I am of Opinion, that grooving up the Backs of the Timbers with One or Two Grooves in the Middle, clear of the Auger Hole Vol.47.

(which should be bored One Third from each Edge) Elevemli R, ^ort vfill admit Air between the Plank and Timber. Tran- Land*Revenue.

soms the same; and every other Part of the Ship where ,_____v

Air is wanting. All Knees grooved, and upper Edge of Clamps also. When the Plank is bringing on the Bottom and Sides, Copper Bolts drove where necessary, while the Sets are on, will have the desired Effect to keep the Plank close to the Timbers; and as soon as the Sets arc removed, to make it a general Rule to bore oft', that the in, or Timber Side of the Plank, may get Air as soon as possible, and dry the Dampness occasioned from the Kiln or Steam: The interior Part of the Frame will effectually season by this Means also. The bad Effects of driving Treenails while the Sets are on the Plank, for a temporary Purpose, is too often known; it not only prevents Air where it should have a free Passage, but on driving out those Treenails when the inside Stuff is bringing on, frequently starts off the Plank; and I have known in His Majesty’s Yards, and Contractors, that the Efforts to get it to have proved ineffectual. The Consequence is then bad indeed; for that Part necessarily must be reduced to the other Part of the Bottom, which should, in my Opinion, have Half an Inch added to the Thickness of all Bottoms. The Dependance of Mens Lives is in the Security of the Outside Plank. It would add much to the Duration of Ships if their Bottoms and Sides were to be completely bored off as the Planks arc brought in, with an Auger One Quarter of an Inch less than the finishing Size, for a general and free Circulation of Air. That the Footwaleing, as brought on, to be run through with the same Size Auger, and then to bolt or nail, as the Thickness of the Inside Stuff requires, before the Sets arc removed. This method will not only keep the Inside Stuff' to the Timbers, but by boring-off' before the Fastenings are drove Inside, the Shipwright has an Opportunity of dividing his Fastenings between the Auger Holes, which, though regularly disposed of on the Outside, from the Crossing of the Edges of Plank, of Course make irregular Distances Inside; which Method, if used, will make the Fastenings regular; and in this State the outside and inside Plank, independent of a single Treenail, remains securely fast; the Ship receiving, in the most interior Parts of her Scantling, a thorough Seasoning, as kneeing the Beams, saying the Deck Hooks, See. is so connected with other depending Works on them, that they should be early fayed and bored-off, and left unbolted as long as possible, to give Air to the interior Part of the Knees and Hooks. When it is necessary to drive off the Treenails, which should be all mooted, and in a perfect seasoned State, a dry Season should be taken to bore all the Holes with the proper sized Augers, which will cut all the shagged Wood and Dirt that may have collected, and will prepare the Hole for the Treenail in a horny seasoned State.

Were Ships to be housed over, wet Weather would not retard the Business, nor injure the Ship in such a Stage of the Business. As soon as the Inside Stuff' will admit the Riders, Hooks, Steps, Crutches, Sleepers,

&c. to be fayed. They should be done, and bored-off' with an Auger {th Inch less than the proper Size, then cleared off' from their respective Stations, and remain so as long as the Works depending on them will admit: and, when necessary to bolt them, they will be in a more seasoned State than if fayed (often not sufficiently seasoned) bored-off and bolted without the Advantage of so much Time given them as the Method I propose. Tar and Hair, where grooving cannot with Propriety be done, is a good Substitute, provided the Part it is applied to js seasoned. The Housing over Ships may be £ Inch Deals, and remove them with Succession of new Ones. The seasoned Ones fit for Bulkheads, Store Rooms, &c. Sec.

Mr. Poore. — The Reason given in the Seventh Answer, by being well seasoned. An Allowance made to a

Contractor

A. 1792.

312 13° Februarii.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

a Contractor for the Time will be amply paid by the Duration.

Question 10.

Has Government any Competitor, besides the East India Company, in the Purchase of Great Oak Timber?

Question 12.

Are the East India Ships broken up after Four Voyages, or after what Number? And is the Timber taken out of such Ships of much or of any Use in building other Ships, for the Navy or East India Service ?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — None that I know of.

Mr. Barnard. — Great Quantities of Oak Staves for the Brewery have been, in the last Twelve Years, cut from the clean Part of the Bodies of large Oak Trees; and several, very extensively in that Trade, are wholly supplied therewith from the County of Sussex.

Mr. Hilhouse. — Government has no Competitor of

Consequence, in the Purchase of large Oak Timber, except the East India Company.

Mr. Binmer. — Not any to my Knowledge.

Mr. Noxvlan. — Government has no Competitors, besides the East India Company, in the Purchase of large Oak Timber. — There is a trivial Exception; for in some interior Parts I have seen some large straight Oak converted for the Coopers and Carpenters Use; but, in general, it is Timber that through Age has lost its Strength, that Coopers prefer, and of course what Shipbuilders should reject, being unfit for so great a Purpose. No doubt some of the large Timber would be worth the extra Land Carriage Expence, was it allowed from Government to the Timber Merchant, to encourage him to purchase what is fit for Naval Use. There is no great Danger to apprehend from the Misapplication of valuable Oak, as all Owners of Timber in England, at this Day, have sufficient Knowledge of the Use of Ship Timber, and the greater Advantage it is to them, to sell a Quantity to a Timber Mei chant, in Preference to Coopers, Carpenters,

Mr. Poore. — Besides the East India Company, great Quantities of large straight Timber are cut up for Coopers, and other Uses, that would be useful and serviceable to the Navy; was a greater Price given to the Timber Merchant, to enable and encourage him to pay a longer Carriage, the Evil would, in a great Measure, be prevented.

Question u.

What do you understand to be the Medium Duration of East India Ships?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — East India Ships have, for many Years, been confined to go only Four Voyages, which were of late performed in about Twelve Years. They have now Leave to go Five Voyages, which may prolong the Time Eighteen or Twenty Months.

Mr. Barnard. — Fifteen Years.

Mr. Hilhouse. — I understand the Medium Duration of East India Ships to be Six Years for rather for Six Voyages) which formerly was but for Four Voyages.

Mr. Binmer. — By every thing I have heard, and by every Enquiry made, the Medium of their Time, in the East India Company's Service, is from Twelve to Fourteen Years.

Mr. Nozidan. — The medium Duration of Ships built for the East India Company’s Service, from the salutary Mode now practised, by leaving open all Treenail Holes, &c. as long as possible (which certainly seasons the Frame in One Tenth of the Time that was formerly practised, while the Plank benefits also) and the great Advantage of Copper Fastenings, and Copper Sheathing, is also an Addition to the Durability of those Ships, as it effectually prevents the Worm, so destructive to Ships in that Climate without Copper Bottoms. The medium Duration, from the present Mode of Building, is about Eighteen Years.

Mr. Poore. — The Duration depends chiefly on the Degree of Seasoning.

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — I have never known the Timber taken out of the East India Ships, when broken up, made use of in building Ships for the Navy or Service.

The old Timber is sometimes used in Repairs of smaller Ships.

Mr. Barnard. — East India Ships have generally been broke up after Four Voyages, and have been found too unsound to apply any Part of them to building Ships of War, or for the same Service. The East India Company have thought proper, in 1788, to permit Ships to go Five or Six Voyages.

Mr. Hilhouse. — The East India Ships are. now, in general, after Six Voyages, sold into other Services; but, when broke up, their Timber is neither fit for the Navy, East India Service, or smaller Merchant Ships.

Mr. Binmer. — The East India Ships are either broke up or sold commonly after Four Voyages; few Exceptions, I believe, to that Time. Government has purchased several for Storeships, after their Fourth Voyage, during the last War; and, with a small Repair, they have run Four or Five Years. Some have been purchased for the bringing Masts from America) but the greatest Number are broke up. They are of no Sort of Use in building other Ships; if any Part, the Knees might be used, but this is seldom practised, as the Bolt Holes must be fresh bored, which must increase the Size of the Bolts, and render the Knees much weaker.

Mr. Nordan. — The East India Ships, prior to the

present Mode of building them, have been broke up, some after Four, some Five Voyages. Others have been purchased for Mast-Ships, The Timber of

broken-up East India Ships, or any other, is not fit to be put into a new Ship, as the Treenail Holes, Bolt Holes, Sic. in its first State, will clash with those bored in its Second, and of course render the Strength insufficient. Knees of broken-up Ships (if sound) will answer Repairs, which will be more reasonable than new' ones, and save the Consumption of such; which should be considered at all Times.

Mr. Poore. — The breaking up, I should suppose, would depend wholly on the State the Ships were found to be in Whether after Four or more Voyages, when broken up, I should consider the Timber unfit for Uses in either the Navy or the Company’s Ships.

Question 13.

Has any Substitute been found for British Oak in Ship-building, that was not used before 1771 ? Is Ash Timber, or the Spanish Ches-nut, used for Knees, and if so, in what Quantity do you suppose them to be used? Are they found to answer the Purpose, and to be nearly as durable as Oak ?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — I do not know of any Substitute for

British Oak for Ship-building, that was not used before

1771-

Mr. Barnard. — None that I know of I have never seen either used in Ship-building.

Mr. Hilhouse. — There has been no Substitute found for British Oak in Ship-building since the Year 1771, that I know of Ash Timber and Chesnut have- been used for Knees, the proportionable Quantities I cannot determine ? but I have seen Instances wherein they have been used, but neither of them is as durable as

Oak.

_JL

Oak. The Chesnut particularly is scarce worth the Labour of saying and bolting.

Air. Binmei\ — I know of no Substitute that has been used since 1771 for British Oak. I never saw any Knees of Ash used, neither of Chesnut, but know of no Reason why tuey should not answer the Purpose, their Grain being very much like that of Oak. The Navy Board, in order to save the Consumption of Oak, have ordered, in the different King’s Yards, Beech, Elm Timber, and Plank, to be made use of in sundry Parts of Ships expressed to them; also Ash and Chesnut Knees; and, from the Information the Board have had from several of the Timber Merchants, there is almost a Certainty of getting such a Number of Ash and Chesnut Knees as will occasion a material Saving of Oak. As Elm Trees are not mentioned, I cannot help thinking the y would answer the Purpose, in dry Parts of the Ship exposed to Air, near as well as Ash and Chesnut, and bear bolting much better.

Mr. Nozclan. — No Substitute experimentally has been found for British Oak in Ship-building, that was not before 1771; but Ash Knees are now admitted by the Commissioners of the Navy in the Timber Merchants Contract. I am of Opinion, that Ash and Spanish Chesnut, if used for Knees, where they will remain dry, will answer, both in Strength and Duration, nearly as long as Oak; and, as Ash in general stops in Growth before it gets to the Size of Oak, it would favour the Consumption of English Oak, by using it for Top Timbers, Quarter Deck and Forecastle Beams, Pillars, Wing Stantions, Bulkhead Stantions, &c. and where-ever small Scantlings are required, provided it is in a dry Situation in the Ship.

Mr. Poore. — No Substitute has been found. Chesnut and Ash Knees would, if kept dry, last many Years.

Question 14.

Do Ash, Spanish Chesnut, and Oak, require different Kinds of Soil; or would the Soil on which either of the Two first grow produce Oak of equal Size ?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — Ash grows best in Chalky Soil, Chesnut in sandy or light Soil, Oak in a stiff or Clay Soil; the Oak will therefore not grow where the other Two will.

Mr. Barnard. — So far as I have observed, the Soil favourable to the Growth of Oak is equally so to the other Two.

Mr. Hilhouse. — I believe Ash requires a moister Soil than the Oak, but Chesnut and Oak will thrive equally in the same.

Mr. Binmer. — It was never the Practice to use Ash any where in a Ship, except for Capstand Bars. I apprehend it will grow in any Soil, if not too wet. With respect to Spanish Chesnut, for Plantations of Timber Trees, you can hardly go amiss, so there be a Depth of Soil, and no standing Water. They will growT on obstinate Clay, and the bleakest Declivities of Hills. This Tree, where Fruit is not the Object, being more patient of Cold than Heat, it may answer most of the Purposes of Oak. In Italy, the best Casks, for Wine and other Liquors, are made of this Wood, which, ’tis said, has the Property, when thoroughly seasoned, of maintaining its Bulk without shrinking or swelling, which most other Timber does; and formerly was built of it great Part of the ancient City of London, (and other ancient Cities of the Kingdom) near which were large Forests of Chesnut Trees, which whether or not a Native of this Island, is not well determined. If they grow on an obstinate Clay, no Doubt it will produce Oak of equal Size.

Mr. Noxvlan. — From my Observation of the Growth of Ash and Chesnut with the Oak, in the New Forest, and the Forest of Bere, and many Coppices, I find Vol. 47.

the Ash will grow to its usual Extent near to the Oak, Eleventh Report and of the same Soil; Chesnut will the same. The of the Board of Soil, I have remarked, where Ash, Chesnut, and Oak Revenue. thrive alike, in Proportion to their different Qualities, is in a dark-brown Loam Soil. In Sussex the Quality of Oak is excellent, but the Growth tedious; and the Soil, which is Clay, too strong for the Growth of Ash or Chesnut.

Mr. Poore. — Ash and Chesnut require a drier Soil than Oak; but Oak will grow to a great Size, on a dry, if a deep Soil.

Question 15.

Do you know what is the common Duration of the Russian Ships, built of Larch or Larix Timber ?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — As to this Question I can say but little, as Foreigners make their Ships, what they call, last much longer than we do. In some Countries they double and treble their Ships Bottoms, and never consider about the Timbers, if rotten or sound. They bolt the Outside Plank through and through, clench the Bolts Inside, and wholly depend upon the Outside Plank; a Method I should by no Means recommend.

Mr. Barnard. — I do not.

Mr. Hilhouse. — (See his Answer to the Sixteenth Question.)

Mr. Binmer. — I know but little of Russian Ships; but cannot suppose those Ships built of the Larch or Larix Timber to be very durable, when compared to Ships built of British Oak, provided they were as much at Sea as a British Ship generally is in Time of War.

I can hardly suppose those Ships to be wholly built of that Timber, as in general it is perfectly straight; and as the fore and aft Part of Ships, by their Construction, require crooked Timber, I should suppose, had they Compass Oak, it w^ould be used in those Parts, otherwise to mould a straight Piece to form a Curve, it must of course be greatly grain-cut, and exceeding weak; particularly when the Plank comes to be fastened, by boring through those Timbers, I should imagine would cause a Separation of the Timber. If the Knees are produced from the same Timber, it can be only the Roots, with Part of the Body, for the Knee; and if the Timbers, Knees, and Plank, are all of this Species of Fir, they should have a peculiar Manner of bolting and clenching those Bolts, that when the Ship works much at Sea, unless they have large Saucer-headed Bolts without, and clenched on Plates within, the Bolts by Time would draw through those soft Materials, and render the Ship very crazy, though the Wood at the same Time may be durable.

Mr. Noxvlan. — I have known Archangel Ships that have been from Ten to Sixteen Years built, and in a sound State, of the Growth of that Country, which is named Larch or Larix Timber.

Mr. Poore. — Not acquainted.

Question 16.

As the Larch will growr on Soil unfit for the Oak, do you not think that the planting of that Tree should be encouraged, with a View % to the future Supply of the Navy ?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — I cannot conceive the Larch will ever be found useful or fit Timber for the Navy.

Mr. Barnard. — As the Larch will grow on Soil unfit for Oak, it is to me the strongest Proof that the Cultivation of it would be useless, with a View to a future Supply for the Navy.

Mr. Hilhouse. — I can say nothing to these Two Articles (15, 16.)

Mr. Binmer. — As it will grow on Soil and Situations where Oak will not grow, it certainly might with Propriety be encouraged, particularly in the Northern

4 E Parts

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

314 J3° Febritarii. A. 1792.

Parts of this Kingdom. It is a Native of the Alpine and Pyrenean Mountains, is fond of an elevated Situation; it will become a stately Tree in the poorest hungry Sand and Gravel, and on the highest and bleakest Hills, where there is but few Inches of Soil; it rejects no Quality of Earth, but in wet Lands it will not succeed.

An Author I have read on Forest Trees speaks thus of the Larch, and after speaking of the many Purposes it is fit for, concludes thus: " Nor was it used " for these Purposes only, but for Building of Ships " also." And Witsen, a Dutch Writer on Naval Architecture, mentions a Ship to have been found, not long since, in the NumidianSeas, Twelve Fathom under Water, chiefly built of this Timber and Cypress; both reduced to that Hardness as to resist the sharpest Tools, nor was any Part perished, though it had lain Fourteen hundred Years submerged.

Mr. Nmlan. — From the Duration of Ships built of Larch Timber, and which will grow on poorer Soil than Oak requires, the planting of that Tree should be encouraged, to assist, in a future Demand, the Oak, that will require longer Time to grow to a valuable Size; and as the Larch is lighter in Quality than the Oak, it should be appropriated in Ship-building from the Load Seat of Water up.

Mr. Poore. — The Larch should be encouraged, as it will flourish on a poorer Soil than Oak.

Question 17.

Do you suppose that more Ground has been new planted, within your Recollection, than there has been of Woodland turned into Tillage, or the Reverse?

Answers.

Mr. Wells. — I believe there are many Thousand Acres of Woodland grubbed more than has been new planted.

Greenland Dock, W. Wells.

April 10th, 1789.

Mr. Barnard. — I am certain not, within the Counties

of Middlesex, Essex, Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Berkshire, Oxfordshire, Kent, Surrey, and Sussex.

Deptford Green, W. Barnard.

March 19 th, 1789.

Mr. Hilhouse. — I do not suppose there has been One Hundredth Part of the Land newly planted that has been turned into Tillage.

Mr. Binmer. — By every Information I can gather,

it has been too much the Fashion to turn Wroodland into Tillage in much greater Proportion than the Reverse, as Tillage in general brings its Value each Year,

when not fallow’, while that of Woodland must be a Series of Years before any Benefit can be reaped from the Produce.

It may not be foreign from the Subject to remark, that if Timber on Church Lands were suffered to grow, and not taken down when not fit, by every new Incumbent, together with proper Attention to Hedge Rows, which will always produce the finest Compass Timber and Knees, this alone would be quite sufficient for building Ships for the Trading Part of the Nation; while the Royal Forests, if properly planted, and well attended after planting, would, I believe, be quite sufficient for the Purposes of the Royal Navy. I beg Leave to make a Remark, from one of the most eminent Timber Merchants of his Time in this Kingdom, respecting Hedge Rows. " In former Leases it was a Condition not to plough within a Rod of the Hedges, " within which Places has been produced many " Thousand Loads of fine Timber; but so far from " being so now, the Plough goes so near the Hedge, " that you cannot walk round a Field without tearing

" y°m Coat" J. Binmer.

N. B. — Mr. Mitchell has requested me to say he has perused those Answers, and is entirely of my Opinion.

Mr. Noidan. — In Answer to the Seventeenth Question, relative to the Proportion of Woodlands, and that turned into Tillage, I have made Enquiry, and am informed from good Authority, that the Woodlands hold an equal Proportion to that of Tillage, throughout the Kingdom, at this Time. I will not differ from those Gentlemen who have been through more Counties of England than I have, and doubt not some of them are as described by those Gentlemen; but from my Knowledge of the Counties of Hants, Wiltshire, Sussex, and Dorsetshire, where I have bought Timber, the Woodlands hold not a Proportion with the Lands turned into Tillage. But were Gentlemen to make a true Calculation of the Advantage'of planting Oaks on Land it is too expensive to cultivate, they would be induced to attend to it even from Motives of private Interest, at least to appropriate One Third of their Estates to the Plantation of Oaks, Elms, Beech, Ash, Chesnut, and Larch. Firs are an unprofitable Plant, that should not take up the Room of more useful T rees, unless it was possible to grow Firs for Masts, Yards, tkc. which I fear the Climate will not answer for. A11 Effort used would be a Proof.

Mr. Poore. — As great a Proportion of Land is appropriated to the Growth of Timber now as has been for many Years past: The Method used in thinning properly the young Trees is better known and more attended to than heretofore.

N* 11.

QUESTIONS sent by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to the Chairmen of the General Quarter Sessions of the several Counties in England and Wales; with the AN S W E R S returned thereto.

Bedford -Berks Bucks Cambridge -

ENGLAND:

Question 1.

Whether the Quantity of large Oak Timber in general, fit for the Use of the Navy, growing in that County, is increased or diminished within Memory ?

Answers.

Diminished.

Diminished.

No Answer returned.

Within Memory the Quantity of such Timber growing in this County has been but small, except in the Parishes adjoining to Essex and Suffolk on the South-east, and to Hertfordshire and Bedfordshire on the South-west Side of the County, and there it is diminished.

Chester

315

13° Februarii.

Chester Cornwall -Cumberland Derby

Devon

(2 Returns.) -Dorset Durham

Essex

Gloucester -Hants (4 Returns.) -

Hereford -Hertford *

Huntingdon

Kent

Lancaster -Leicester -Lincoln

(2 Returns.)

JHiddlesex -Monmouth -Norfolk Northampton Northumberland -

Nottingham (4 Returns.) -

Oxford

Rutland

Salop

Somerset

Stafford

Suffolk

(3 Returns.) -

Surrey Sussex Warwick -Westmorland Wilts

Worcester -York (3 Returns.)

i.

2.

1.

2.

3-

4-

2.

1.

2.

3-

4-

l.

2.

3-

i.

Certainly diminished.

Diminished.

No Answer returned.

Large Oak Timber is very greatly diminished in this County within Memory, and there is not much of such Oak Timber now left.

Much diminished in the Eastern Part.

Diminished.

Diminished.

The Quantity of Oak Timber, fit for the Use of the Navy, is evidently much diminished in the County of Durham.

Very much diminished, and still continually diminishing.

Certamly diminished.

Diminished certainly, and very much.

Decreased.

It is so greatly diminished within the Space of Forty Years, that in this County alone there was a sufficient Quantity of Timber in the different Manors, without going into His Majesty’s New Forest, to build Fifty Sail of the Line. But now, I am sorry to say, it would be a great Difficulty to find a Frame for a Seventy-four Gun Ship; and as to a First, Second, or Third Rate, there is no such Timber left, except it be in His Majesty’s New Forest, and but little left there.

The Quantity of Timber in general, not only in this County, but in every other where Water and Land Carnage is convenient, is undoubtedly greatly diminished, by the amazing Consumption of Ship Timber in His Majesty’s Dock Yards; by the great Demands upon the Country by the Builders of East India Ships, whose large Scantlings at present require Timber fit for a Fourth Rate Ship of War, and whose increasing Dimensions must consequently increase the Evil; by the Practice too generally adopted of grubbing up Hedge Rows, which are the best calculated for the Growth of large Timber; and, by not encouraging the Growth of young Saplings (which will naturally get up where Timber has been cut) by proper Inclosures.

Diminished very much indeed since I have known the County (19 Years).

The Quantity of Oak Timber fit for the Navy is greatly decreased in this County

Feet

(that is to say) Oak Trees that measure from 45 Cube, but round Measure and upwards.

No Answer returned.

Oak Timber fit for the Use of the Navy, and large Timber of an inferior Size, is certainly much decreased.

Decreased.

Decreased.

The Quantity of such Timber grown within our Recollection, in the said Division, has always been so extremely inconsiderable, that scarcely any Increase or Diminution has appeared to take Place.

Considerably decreased.

No Answer returned.

Diminished.

No Answer* returned.

No Answer* returned.

Diminished. There not having been any considerable Quantity fit for the Use of the Navy.

Diminished.

Oak Timber of a large Size, calculated for the Use of the Navy, is very much diminished.

Much diminished.

Oak Timber fit for the Use of the Navy, within Memory, is much diminished.

Very much diminished within Memory, and scarce any to be felled in the County, except in Parks and ornamented Grounds.

No material Alteration has taken Place.

Greatly diminished, perhaps not One Fourth remaining of what there was Thirty Years past.

Diminished.

Very greatly diminished.

Considerably decreased.

It is certainly diminished.

Diminished.

No Answer returned.

Diminished.

Diminished.

No Answer returned.

No Answer returned.

Considerably diminished.

East Riding. There is very little Oak Timber, fit ior the Navy, grow ing in this Riding; a small Quantity in North Ho/derness, and some good in Ouse and Derwent Wapentake.

Eleventh Report of the Board ut Land He venue.

N. B* — After this Schedule was prepared, Answers were received from the Counties of Norfolk and Northampton, which see Pa. 345.

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

York — continued

2.

3-

North Riding. The Quantity of large Oak Timber, fit for the Use of the Navy, in the North Riding, is diminished.

West Riding. Diminished.

O

Anglesey -

Caernarvon

Denbigh

Flint

Merioneth -Montgomery

Brecknock -Cardigan -Caermarthen

Glamorgan Pembroke -Radnor - - l.

(2 Returns.) 2.

Bedford -

Berks

Cambridge -

Chester "

Cornwall -

Derby -

Devon 1. 2.

Dorset -

Durham -

Essex -

Gloucester - -

Hants 1. 2.

3*

4*

Hereford - -

Hertford -

Kent -

Lancaster - -

Leicester - -

Lincoln 1. 2.

Monmouth - -

Northumberland - -

Nottingham 1. 2.

3-

4-

Oxford -

Rutland.

Salop -

Somerset -

Stafford -

NORTH WALES:

There is no Oak Timber giowing in the County of Anglesey, fit for the Use of the Navy, and therefore the Questions are not necessary to be answered.

J. Williams, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the County of Anglesey, held the 11 tli Day of January 1791.

No Answer returned.

No Answer returned.

Diminished.

I think the Quantity of large Oak Timber is diminished.

Considerably diminished.

SOUTH WALES:

Greatly decreased.

Diminished.

Diminished Nineteen-twentieths at least within Memory, inso much that there is very little large Timber left.

No Answer returned.

Diminished.

Decreased very considerably.

Decreased, inso much that the Quantity now remaining in this County is very inconsiderable, either in Woods or Hedge Rows.

Question 2.

Whether, particularly, the Quantity of such Timber growing in Woods is increased or diminished r

Answers.

Diminished.

Diminished.

Decreased.

Diminished, but less perhaps in Woods than in other Places.

Diminished. *

Such Timber is diminished in Woods.

Diminished.

Diminished.

Diminished.

The Quantity of such Timber growing in Woods appears diminished.

See Answer to 1st Question.

Diminished.

It's lessened, and supposed to be from the increased Value of it.

Diminished.

It is diminished to a great Scarcity, owing to the great Demand in the different Dock Yards, and the increased Value of it within the Space of 40 Years; at that Period it was sold at 405. per Load, Girt, which is now worth 5/. per Load.

See Answer to 1st Question.

Diminished.

There are very few Woods in this County that have any large Timbers in them (that is to say) of the Size before described and upwards.

Much diminished.

Diminished.

Diminished.

We know not of any such Woods.

Diminished.

Diminished.

The Quantity of such Timber very little remaining.

Diminished.

Do very much diminish.

Much diminished.

Oak Timber fit for Navy Use, growing in Woods, is diminished.

Diminished in Woods.

Sec Answer to ist Question.

I am at a Loss to say whether the Oak Timber in Woods or Hedge Rows is lessened in the greater Proportion.

Diminished.

Diminished.

Suffolk,

317

32 Geo. III.

Suffolk - 1. 2.

3-

Sussex - -

Warwick -

Worcester - - r.

York - (i

Is-

Flint - -

Merioneth -

Montgomery - -

Brecknock - -

Cardigan -

Caermarthen.

Pembroke -

Radnor

Bedford

Berks - -

Cambridge - -

Chester - .

Cornwall - - .

Derby - -

Devon - 1.

Dorset 0.

Durham - -

Essex . _

Gloucester - _

Hants - 1.

Hereford - 2. 3* 4.

Hertford - *

Kent

Lancaster -

Leicester -

Lincoln - l.

Monmouth 2.

Northumberland.

Nottingham - 1.

Oxford 2, 0 O* 4.

Rutland - -

Salop - -

Somerset w -

Stafford - -

Suffolk - 1.

Sussex 2. 3*

Warwick - - .

Wwester -

York - 1.

Vol. 47.

13° Februarii.

Diminished, as it ought to be.

Certainly diminished, both in Woods and Hedge Rows. Diminished.

Diminished.

Increased.

Very much diminished.

Diminished.

The Quantity of such Timber, growing in Woods, is diminished. Diminished.

Diminished.

I also think they are diminished.

Diminished.

Greatly decreased.

Diminished.

Almost annihilated.

Diminished.

See Answers to 1st Question.

Eleven

of the Land

Question 3.

Whether there is an Increase or Decrease of the Quantity of such Timber growing in Hedge Rows?

Answers.

Decrease.

Great Decrease.

Decrease.

See Answer to Question 2.

Diminished.

Is greatly decreased in the Hedge Rows.

Very little Oak Timber growing in Hedge Rows, but a great deal in the Hedges; and more there might be, provided proper Care was taken, which Gentlemen might do by reserving a Power in their Leases of marking Saplings before their Tenants fell their Hedge Wood, of which they should be compelled to give Notice to the Proprietor of the Land, or his Steward or Bailiff (Sir Robert Palk has all his Saplings marked with red Paint before the Wood is felled). Tenants should be restrained from lopping Maiden Trees.

Decrease.

Decrease.

Diminished in Hedge Rows.

See Answer to Question 1.

Diminished.

A Decrease, from the prevailing Improvement of clearing it for Corn.

A Decrease.

A.Decrease, owing to the grubbing up of Hedge Rows, and cleaning of them, and converting it into Corn or Pasture Land.

See Answer to Question 1.

Decrease.

What Timbers there are of the Size before mentioned are chiefly growing in the fields and Hedge Rows, but even that Sort of Timber is not increasing in this County.

Much decreased.

Decreased.

Decreased.

In the Hedge Rows there are scarcely any Trees, except Ash and & few Elms; the grubbing up such Rows is not usual.

Decreased.

Decrease.

No such Timber whatever growing in Hedge Rows.

Decrease.

Timber growing in Hedge Rows is an Impediment to the Cultivation of the adjoining Lands, as also to its Production both in Quantity and Quality, which is an Inducement to cut down Hedge Row Timber; consequently much diminished.

An Increase of Oak Timber, but a Decrease of Timber fit for the Navy.

Oak Timber growing in Hedge Rows, fit for the Navy, is diminished.

Diminished in Hedge Rows.

See Answer to Question 1.

See Answer to Question 2.

Great Decrease.

Decreased.

Decreased, as it ought to be.

See Answer to Question 2.

A Decrease.

Decrease.

Decreased.

A considerable Decrease.

Diminished. A great many new Inclosures have been made in the last 30 Years; but Ash are more commonly planted than Oak in Hedge Row s.

4 M 2. There

&18 IS0 Februatii. . 1792.

RUvefitW Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

York — continued -Flint

Merioneth -Montgomery Brecknock -Cardigan -Caennarthen

2.

3-

Pembroke

Radnor

Bedford

Berks

Cambridge

Chester

Cornwall -

Derby

Devon - i.

2.

Dorset m

Durham -

Essex

Gloucester -

Hants - - i.

2.

3-

4-

Hereford -

Hertford -

Kent -

Lancaster -Leicester -Lincoln - - 1.

2.

Monmouth Northumberland -

Nottingham - I.

2.

There is a Decrease of the Quantity of such Timber growing in Hedge Rows.

A great Decrease.

A Decrease.

I think there is a Decrease of such Timber.

A Decrease.

Greatly decreased.

Decrease.

There is scarce any Timber that could serve the Navy, either in the Woods or Hedge Rows.

A Decrease.

See Answers to Question 1.

Question 4-

Whether the Growth of Oak Timber, in Hedge Rows, is generally encouraged; or whether the grubbing up of Hedge Rows, for the enlarging of Fields, and improving Arable Ground, is become common in that County ?

Answers.

Timber not encouraged in Hedge Rows. Hedge Rows frequently grubbed up.

See Answer to Question 3.

The Growth not encouraged; and the grubbing up of Hedge Rows in the inclosed Part, very frequent.

It is not much encouraged; but, perhaps, no very great Alterations are made by the Methods here mentioned.

The Growth of Timber in Hedge Rows is not encouraged. — There are some Instances where Fields are enlarged by taking down Hedges, which in general do not abound with Timber in this County — Cornwall.

There is not any Encouragement given to the Growth of Oak Timber in Hedge Rows, and the grubbing up Hedge Rows for the enlarging of Fields, is common in this County.

See Answer to Question 3.

Grubbing up of Hedge Rows for the enlarging of Fields, is the general Practice.

The Growth of Timber not encouraged, and Hedge Rows frequently destroyed.

The Growth of Oak Timber, in Hedge Rows, is not encouraged. Ash is more commonly planted, however prejudicial to Quicksets. The grubbing up Hedge Rows, except for the Improvement of Law ns, is not much adopted.

The Landlord is of course desirous to encourage the Growth of Oak Timber in 1 ledge Rows; but the Farmer is so much used to make Pollards of every Thing, that he generally contrives to head the young Trees before they come to any Size.

I do not think the Growth of Timber, of any Sort, is encouraged in Hedge Rows; but the new Inclosures of Common Fields, in which Trees are frequently planted, more than make Amends for the old Fences that have been grubbed.

See Answer to Question 3.

The grubbing of Hedge Row s is more practised, and consequently there is a Decrease of Oak Timber.

The grubbing up of Hedge Rows is become general, and the Growth of Timber in them is thereby totally destroyed, owing to the great Price given for Corn since the Bounty took Place for exporting of Corn and Beer, which gives every Farmer Encouragement to grub Hedge Rows up, and convert them into Corn Land.

See Answer to Question t.

The Growth of Oak in Hedge Rows is not so much encouraged as in many Counties. The Trees arc much stript and lopped by the Farmers. The principal Quantity of Timber for the Navy, winch still remains, is in Woods.

The grubbing up of Hedges, to enlarge Fields, has certainly prevented the Increase of Hedge Row Timber. The County of Herts consists chiefly of Land in Tillage. Occupiers, by stocking up the Hedges, increase the Land-in Tillage, and by clearing the Hedges of all Kinds of Trees admit of plowing to the utmost Bounds of their Land.

It is not generally attended to or encouraged, and must decrease by grubbing up Hedge Rows upon tire more improved Plan of Tillage.

Not encouraged.

Not generally encouraged, but partially in new Inclosures — Exceedingly so.

See Answer to Question 3.

Trees in Hedge Rows are generally encouraged, but those Trees are chiefly Elm.

The Grow th of Oak in Hedge Rows is not encouraged, and the grubbing up of Hedge Row's for enlarging Fields is becoming common.

Inclosures in this County are but of late Date. — The Trees planted in Hedge Row s are chiefly Ash. — Very few Oak.- — Old Earthen Dykes or Fences scarce require any grubbing. — Arable Ground rather upon the Increase.

Oak Timber generally cut down when fit for Sale, encouraged when young; the Hedge Rows- not in general so wide, or so near each other, as to be of Detriment to Agriculture.

The Improvement in Agriculture, and Advances in Value of Land, has caused the Occupiers to bring those Hedges which commonly were of great Breadth into

the

4-

Oxford

Rutland

Salop

Somei'set -

Stafford -

Suffolk - - 1.

3-

Sussex -

Har-ukk -

It'on ester -

York - - i.

3-

JY/wf -Merioneth -

Montgomery

Brecon

Cardigan -

Caermarthen Pembroke - - '

Radnor - - i.

13° Februarii. 319

the narrowest Compass, leaving the young Saplings, and Plants produced from Seventh R,crt Acorns, unprotected, and where Fields are small many Hedges arc grubbed up. t!ie Board of

The Timber most generally encouraged in Hedge Rows in this County are Ash and Und Hevenue-

Elm, but some Oaks have of late been planted. No material Alterations as to v ——

the Size of Inclosures. Fir of every Species, and Birch, have been of late much encouraged.

The Growth of Oak Timber growing in Hedge Rows is not much encouraged.

The grubbing up Hedge Rows for enlarging Fields is not common in this Part of the Country. A bad Method prevails in cutting away the Branches from Trees growing in Hedge Rows, which Experience proves to be very injurious.

Oak Timber in Hedge Rows very little encouraged, and universally cut down for Sale.

Some new Inclosures have taken Place, in the Hedge Rows of which a few' Oak Trees have been planted. No grubbing of Hedge Rows.

Great Quantities of Timber have been taken down in consequence of enlarging Farms, as they are certainly injurious to Arable Lands. — The opening of Fields together has prevailed much. The Occupiers of Lands frequently abuse such as grow in Hedge Rows.

Inclosures enlarged, and the Growth of Timber in Hedge Rows diminished.

Not encouraged. ----- Yes.

Much Timber and the Improvement of Arable Land are incompatible. Arable Land in Sitffollc is improved, and therefore Timber lessened.

Many Fences are thrown dowm for the enlarging of Fields; but when new Fences are made it is usual to put in Oak Spring with the White Thorn. — Of this, however,

Tenants in general take but very little Care.

The grubbing up of Hedge Rows is the general Practice.

Not encouraged. ----- Yes.

Not general; there remains in some Parts Hedge Row Timber.

It is become an universal Practice in this County to grub up Hedge Rows, being found by Experience to contribute greatly to the Improvement of Agriculture.

In Ouze, on Dement Wapentake.v many Oak Hedge Rows have been grubbed up, and but few planted, but there are many still remain. — In the rest of the Riding the re are scarcely any.

The Growth of Oak Timber in Hedge Rows is not encouraged; and the grubbing up of Hedge Rows, for enlarging of Fields, and improving Arable Ground, in some Parts has been practised, but not to any great Extent.

The grubbing up of Hedge Rows common.

Unanswered.

The Growth of Timber in Hedge Row’s is sometimes encouraged, and I don't think the grubbing up of Hedge Rows is become common in this County.

Yet every Spot of Ground, capable of Improvement, is generally cleared for Tillage.

Grow th of Timber in Hedge Rows not encouraged, and the stocking up of Trees, for the Purpose of enlarging Fields, is become common.

Not encouraged, because they injure the Hedges. Where the Farms are very small, Two or Three are throw n into One; Hedges, and Trees in Hedges, therefore, are grubbed up to enlarge the Fields, in order to proportion them to the several odd Marks, consistent with the Size of the Farm.

The Growth of Oak Timber, in Hedge Rows, in this County, is not generally encouraged. — The grubbing up of Hedge Rows, for the Purpose in this Question is not become common.

The Timber that has been cut down in the Hedge Rows has in no Instance been encouraged, or permitted to grow again.

Every Body cuts down, and no one plants, or encourages the Growth of Oak Timber in any Shape.

Decreased very considerably.

Enlarging Fields is become common, but that does not much tend to destroy Timbei, the Trees being generally left.

Question 5.

Whether, in such Oaken Woods as are cut at stated Periods in Succession, it is customary to leave young Saplings at each Cutting? — And if so, whether they are generally barked at the Second Fall, and cut down for Country Uses, or preserved for Timber?

Bedford

Berks

Cambridge

Chester

Cornwall

Vol. 47-

Answers.

Saplings left for Timber, but not for Seconds, are too often left upon old Stools.

Timber not properly attended to in cutting of Coppice, nor Saplings enough left for Growth.

Young Saplings generally left, and in some Woods preserved for Timber; but generally cut dow n at the Second Fall.

We have few or none of these Woods in this County.

Both Saplings, and Standers left of former Cuttings, are always excepted, and preserved at and after every Sale. Some however may be cut down for Farm Uses; but in that Case, such as are stinted in their Growth, and do not thrive, so as to shew a Tendency to make Timber.

In

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Eleventh Rewort of the Board of 6 l.iuid He venue.

Devon

Dorset

Durham

Essex

Gloucester

Hants

Hereford -Hertford -

Kent

Lancaster -Leicester -Lincoln

Monmouth Northumberland -

Nottingham

2.

3-

4-

1.

2.

1.

2.

3-

4.

In the very few Woods of Oak in this County, which come within this Description, and are called Spring Woods, the following Rules are observed: The Fall is either at 18, 19, or 20 Years Growth; the latter the most usual Time. There are left upon every Acre a certain Number of Trees of different Ages or Growth, called Wevers, Black Barks, and Ariels; the last are deemed Timber, and ought at least to be of tire Age of 60 Years. The Black Barks 40, and the Weavers 20. A proper Proportion of these are cut every Fall: but, in the greater Number of Woods which are cut, it is apprehended the Provisions of the 35th Henry VIII. C. 17. and the other Acts relative to Woods, are not attended to The prevalent Idea is, that it answers better to cut down the young Wood for Country Uses, than to let it grow into Timber. The constant Payment of Parochial Rates and other Taxes tends to render a general Concurrence in this Opinion, and to enforce its Practice: Few People being willing to pay certain Taxes at present, for a Profit often precarious, and always to accrue at a long future Period.

Very little Coppice Wood in this Part of the County; but I have observed Saplings left when the Wood has been felled, which, though they may be thriving, and promise well, yet the Change is so great on the Wood being all cut down, that they are stunted in their Growth, and never thrive afterwards; the Consequence is, they are cut down at the next Felling. The only Way to raise Timber in Oaken Woods, is to thin them out gradually every Year.

The young Saplings are generally left the First Time, but cut down at the Second.

In some Parts customary. — No such Practice.

The great Demand for small-sized Wood in the County of Durham, for Collieries, (viz.) Pit Props, Sleepers for Waggons, Ways, &c. induces the early Felling of Timber; and it is too general a Practice to cut down all that will turn to Profit, leaving the Roots to shoot afresh.

I am not aware that there are any Woods consisting of Oak only, in the County, nor have I heard ever of the Practice of barking and cutting down the Saplings at the Second Fall.

We have very litle Oak Underwood in this County; it is principally Beech, Ash, and Hazle.

That it is much wanting, and very much neglected, the planting or setting young Oak to supply the Quantity cut; but the Saplings are not destroyed.

It is customary to leave Saplings, and not to fell them at the Second Cutting, unless for the Purpose of thinning them, where too thick.

It is customary for the Workmen or Wood-cutters to leave Saplings where they find them in their Cutting; but some of the Workmen are careless, I am sorry to say they much neglect it; therefore I do earnestly recommend to all Gentlemen to let their Woodmen mark with Paint Two Saplings on every Rod of Land fit there are so many) to be left by the Wood-cutters on their Peril; and on the Second Cutting of the Coppice, to fell one of them (as One on a Rod is sufficient Quantity) and where there are not Saplings, to supply the Quantity as above, I do most earnestly recommend Gentlemen to plant Acorns to fill up the Deficiency at the next Cutting.

The leaving of young Saplings, when Coppices and Hedge Rows are cut, is not so generally attended to as it ought to be; small Gratuities to the Labourers employed may possibly lessen the prevailing Evil; but where Saplings are left tolerably thick, it may be necessary to thin them Two or Three Times, according to their Growth, for becoming large Timber.

Saplings are left; some of which are cut at the Second Fall, and others left for Timber.

The Answer to this Question depends in some Measure whether the M oods are in the Owner or in a Tenant’s Hand. The latter looks to present Profit; the Owner in general considers, or should consider, future Advantages; therefore in the Occupier’s Hands few Saplings are left; in the Owner’s Hands, a proper Succession for Timber.

It is customary to leave Saplings in the Oaken Woods, and not to cut them down while of very small Growth.

Not customary.

It is customary to leave young Saplings.--Cut down for Country Uses.

Not any such Woods.

Saplings are chiefly left; but at the Second Fall are generally cut down for Country Uses.

It is customary, to leave young Saplings at each Cutting, and it is too customary to cut them down for Country Uses at the Second Fall.

It is customary, when there is a Fall of Wood, to leave young Saplings. Every Piece of Oak is barked that will pay the Expence. — Cut down almost for Country Uses only.

Saplings commonly left to grow’ to Timber,

Where Woods are cut periodically, it seldom happens that Oak Trees are permitted to stand, to obtain a sufficient Size for Ship Timber.

Young Saplings are generally left, and are barked when felled, and are generally used in the Country.

In Oaken Woods with Underwood, if not cut at stated Periods, it is customary

to

Oxford

Rutland

Salop

Sonwrsct -Stafford -Suffolk - _ i

2.

3-

Sussex -

W arwick -Wat ccster -

York - - i

Flint

Merioneth -

Montgomery

Brecon

Cardigan -

Caermarthen

Pembroke -Radnor - - j.

13° Februarii. 321

to leave young Oak Saplings that arc promising, and to pay, to make Timber. Eleventh deport — Such young Oaks as are unpromising are barked and cut down for Country °*

Uses. M]

In some Woods Saplings are left at each Cutting, and in many others there are none. Where they are left they are in general thinned the Second Fall, and the Remainder preserved for Timber.

A Proportion of Saplings left for Timber in every Sale.

It is generally the Practice to leave kind-growing Saplings at the stated Period of falling Woods. At a Second Fall (if promising) they are sometimes permitted to stand for Timber. Our Coppices are generally fallen at from 21 to 25 Years Growth, and all the Poles are barked. If fallen at about 18 Years Growth it is converted into Cordwood for the Forges, and not barked.

Generally left, and not barked.

The young Saplings are left to grow for Timber.--Preserved for Timber.

The Practice of leaving Saplings universal, but in Woods let, they are left from Stubs, purposely that they may not become Trees.

It is customary to leave Oak Saplings at each Cutting of the Underwood, and these are afterwards suffered to stand for Timber. But the Timber growing in Woods is seldom suffered to stand long enough to be fit for the Use of the Navy.

Yes.---- Such Saplings are allowed to grow till they become Timber, and are then

cut down for Country Uses.

Locally so.--- Sometimes barked. ----- Preserved.

Young Saplings are commonly left, but not generally preserved for Timber.

It is customary to leave Saplings at each Cutting, but they are very seldom preserved for Timber Trees.

The Oak Woods above mentioned are not cut at stated Periods.

There are few Oaken Woods cut at stated Periods in Succession, but where there are any, it is usual to leave such young Oak Trees standing as are likely to become Timber; and when they are cut down the Bark is preserved, being of considerable Value, whether the Wood is cut for Country Uses, or sold for Timber.

Trees are left as young Saplings, but are generally taken down the 2d or 3d Fall, and few* left for Timber, but taken down for Country Use.

There is no such Custom in this County.

When Oak Timber is felled in this County, the Buttings are preserved for the further Grow th of Timber; there are no Saplings on the Buttings when the Trees are felled, but the Imps sprouting from the Buttings afterwards are generally preserved by the Proprietors.

It is not customary in the Cutting of such Woods to leave young Saplings.

Where Oak Coppices are cut at stated Periods, Saplings are reserved at each Cutting, and many of those are felled at the next Cutting, and too few preserved for Timber.

It is mostly customary, in such Oaken Woods as mentioned in this Question, to leave young Saplings at each Cutting, and such are generally barked at the Second Fall, and cut down for Country Uses.

The Method of preserving the Wroods for successive Cuttings is for the Purpose of Cordwood, and no young Saplings are attended to; but the Growth from the old Stools are weeded at 2 Years and 7 Years Growth, and the Produce cut at Growths of from 20 to 30 Years.

Saplings are generally barked at the Second Fall, and cut down for the Use of the Coal Pits.

Cut dowm at the Second Fall.

Standards are seldom left, but when they arc, and become fit for Building or Husbandry Uses, they are generally cut down.

Question 6.

Whether the Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals made during the last Thirty Years, have not, by reducing the Expence of Carriage, been the Means of bringing large Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yards, which could not otherwise have been brought there ?

Bedford -

Berks

Cambridge

Chester Coi'me ail -

Derby

1 Vol. 47.

Answers.

I hey have.

Y es.

Of this there can be no Doubt. In One Parish under that Description Three thousand Trees were bought last Year for the Dock Yards, which they are now carrying away, and in the Place of which there is not like to be any Supply.

That has certainly been the Case in a great Degree in the Dock Yards with which this County is connected.

The Roads are improved; but as to Navigable Canals there are none in this County, which is Maritime, being surrounded on every Side by the Sea, except that adjoining to Derony so that the Dock Yard at Plymouth is supplied with Timber from other] Counties Coast-ways. i

The Facility of Carriage, effected by Navigable Canals, certainly tends in general to bring Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yards, and, on the other Hand, supplies the same County with Deal Planks and Timber, which begin to be much

4 N preferred

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

Devon

Dorset Durham -

Essex

Gloucester -

Hants

Hereford -

Hertford

Kent

Lancaster

Leicester

Lincoln

Monmouth

Northumberland

Nottingham

Oxford Rutland -

1.

2-\

1.

2

3-

4-

2.

1.

2.

3-

4-

13° Februarii. 1792.

preferred to Oak. In this Count}-, however, though a very large Quantity of Deal is daily brought into it, scarcely any large Oak Timber is supposed to be carried away, partly owing to the Scarcity of such Timber, and partly owing to the Demand of Oak, in Preference to Deal, in that Part of the County where the only Materials for Building are Limestone.

The Improvement of Roads has brought the Timber Dealers into the more inland Parts, and by that Means larger Supplies are sent to the Dock Yards.

No Canals in this Part of the County.

No Canals.

There are no Navigable Canals in the County of Durham. Much Oak has been carried to Stockton, Sunderland, and Newcastle, for building the Ships used at the said respective Ports. Little of that Timber would be lit for the Navy.

There are very few Turnpikes, and absolutely no Navigable Canals in the County, but the private Roads are very good in general, and the Timber nearly all gone.

The Navigable Canals with us have not assisted the Conveyance of Timber but in a very small Degree, the Severn going through by much the best-timbered Part of this County.

If it has not, most certainly will be the Means of increasing its Value, where it stands, and thereby lessen the Quantity.

The Improvement of the Roads, with the Introduction of Broad Wheels, has been the Cause of bringing larger Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yards.

The making of Turnpikes and Navigable Canals ought to be encouraged at all Events, as in many Counties there are large Quantities of Timber that would be brought to His Majesty’s Dock Yards; but for Want of Canals and Turnpikes it is rendered impossible to do it. The Utility of those already made have been so beneficial and of such Importance, that they have been the Means of Thousands of Loads of Timber being brought into His Majesty’s Dock Yards, which otherwise could not have been got there.

The increased Facility of Carriage to the Dock Yards has certainly greatly enhanced the Price of Timber, and consequently occasioned much greater Quantities being cut down than otherwise would have been.

There are no Canals in the County, the River only is navigable. A very considerable Supply of Timber has been sent to the Dock Yards within these 20 Years; and Parts of the Country are so stript, that even common Building Timber is scarce.

The Navigation of the Rivers Start and Lee hath enabled the Owners of Timber to send it down those Rivers, and so into the Thames, at somewhat lesser Price than by Land Carriage, but not to any Amount that is worth Notice, as it must be loaded and carried in general several Miles to the Barges; and the Lock and Water Duties of the Navigation don’t lessen the Expence of Land Carriage to any considerable Degree.

'There are no Navigable Canals in this Part of the County, where the Timber is largest; the Roads are practicable in Summer, but very bad in Winter.

We conceive it has.

Not from the County of Leicester.

The Roads have been greatly improved, and Two considerable Navigable Canals have been made, but we know not that they have hitherto been the Means of conveying any Timber to the Dock Yards, although a large Tract of Woodland, abounding with Oak Timber, is situated within a moderate Distance of each of them. 1st, The Witham, running from Lincoln to with Woods

on the East and North East. 2d, The Canal from Boston to Bourn; the Neighbourhood of which last Place, towards G, Witham, &c. abounds with Woods. — From Boston such Timber might with Ease be conveyed to the Dock Yards.

Navigable Canals are of great Use in conveying Timber to the Sea, and of course to the Dock Yards (as well as the Turnpike Roads) which otherwise might not have been brought.

I do not think they have in this County been the Means, by reducing the Expence of Carriage.

The Improvement in the Roads has certainly been the Means of bringing some Timber, but no large Supplies, to the Dock Yards. Not a single Canal in the County.

The River Trent running through this County, the Access of Timber to the Dock Yards has never been difficult from most Parts of the County.

The Improvement of Roads, making Turnpike Roads, and Canals, has reduced the Expence of Carriage, and much Timber by those Means has been brought to Market, which otherwise could not.

Certainly they have, and very particularly in this County.

Good Roads and Navigable Canals must be the Means of bringing larger Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yards, which in some Measure is the Case in this Part of the Country.

The Navigation of the River Thames having been always open, the Timber of this County was always sent by Water; but no Supplies of Timber have as yet passed through this County to the Dock Yards by Means of any new Canal.

Not particularly in this County.

The

32 Geo. III.

Salop -

Somerset Stafford Sujj'olk 1. 2,

3.

Sussex Warwick -Worcester - -

York- - 1.

2.

3.

Flint -Merioneth - -

Montgomery -

Brecon -

drdl'ran- -

Pembroke -Radnor 1. 2.

13® Februarii.

323

Bedford

Berks

Cambridge

Chester

Conor all

Derby

Devon

Dorset

Vol. 47.

l.

The Improvement of Roads has made it somewhat easier to remove Timber; but the great Demand, and the Necessity of many Owners of Timber, has hitherto filled the Market with it.

No Canals.

Undoubtedly.

The Expence of Carriage has varied considerably; but the Quantity carried has not depended in Suffolk on this Circumstance.

The Improvement of Roads has occasioned a good deal of Timber to be brought to Market within this Period, and some has been sold for His Majesty’s Use; but more of this Sort has been brought from the adjoining Districts than from this. From the Improvement of the Roads, Timber has been conveyed to the different Dock Yards in the County with greater Facility, but we cannot ascertain the Increase; and there is only One Navigable Canal in the County.

In a small Degree it may.

Certainly. *

There can be no Doubt that the Improvement of the Roads, and the Navigable Canals, must have been the Means of the Dock Yards being better supplied, with Timber.

The Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals, have given a Supply of Foreign Fir Timber to the inclosed Country; but there was no Oak Timber to carry away.

The Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals made during the last Thirty Years, have reduced the Price of Carriage, and has yet been the Means of conveying some Timber to the Dock Yards which most probably would not otherwise have been sent thither.

Timber has been brought down by Navigable Canals, but whether it has reached the King’s Yards is uncertain; much has been used for the Purpose of Inland Navigations.

Most certainly they have.

There are no Canals in this County. I have no Doubt but that the improved State of the Roads is of great Importance for the conveying of Timber to the different Dock Yards.

There are no Navigable Canals in this County; but the Improvement of the Roads has been the Means of supplying the Dock Yards with Timber, which could not otherwise have been carried there.

The Improvement of the Roads in this County has reduced the Price of the Carriage of Timber into the Dock Yards and Sea Ports; but I believe, at the same Time, increased the Price of Timber to the Purchaser. No Navigable Canals within Fifty Miles of this Inland County.

There are no Canals in this County. The Improvement of Roads in this County hath not reduced the Expence of Carriage, but may in some Respect been the Means of bringing large Supplies of Timber to the County.

There are no Canals in this County, by which any Timber has or could be conveyed to Shipping for the Navy; and since the Roads have been improved there has been very little Timber cut, or that could be cut, sufficient in Size for the Use of the Navy; nor has the little that has been sent to the Dock Yard of Plymouth been found to answer the Expences.

This Question does not affect this County.

No Canals in this County.

There are no Canals in this County, and the Expence of Carriage to a Navigation is so great, that our Timber in general pays more to be worked up to Lath, Vessel Staff, Boards, and other Inland Uses.

Question 7.

Whether, of late Years, greater Quantities of Timber have not, in consequence of this increased Facility of Carriage, been felled in those Parts of the Country which were before inaccessible, than they will be able to continue permanently to supply ?

Answers.

They have.

Not yet so cleared as to have this Effect.

See Answer to Question 6.

Perhaps this may be the Case in some Places; but this County is not destitute of Timber in any Parts where Timber thrives well.

This has had, and can have, very little Effect on this County, which does by no Means abound with Timber fit for Naval Uses; and the Grow th of Timber in general is very partial.

notwithstanding little Oak Timber is supposed to have been carried out of the Country, it daily grows more scarce and dear; and there is no other Resource but to be supplied from other Counties, by Means of the Navigable Canals.

There certainly have been greater Quanties of Timber felled in the Inland Parts, for the Use of the Navy, on Account of the Improvement in the Roads, than they will be able to continue permanently to supply.

See Answer to Question 6.

No Canals.

Certainly

Eleventh Report of the Boaiti of Land Revenue.

Mil 1

324 13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Eleventh Report Durham -

of the Board of Essex -

Lund Revenue. Gloucester - - -

22aw/.f - - i.

2.

3-

4-

Hereford -

Herts -

Kent -Lancaster - -

Leicester -Lincoln - - l.

2.

Monmouth

Northumberland -

Nottingham - l.

2.

n

4-

Oaford -

Rutland -

Salop -

Somerset -

Stafford -

- - l.

2.

3-

Sussex -Warwick -

Worcester -

York - - i.

2.

3-

27(721 -Merioneth -

Montgomery

Brecon

Cardigan -Caermarthen

Certainly answered in the Affirmative.

See Answer to Question 6.

A good deal has been used for Locks and Buildings on the new Canals, but not earned out for Sale.

See Answer to Question 6.

Certainly.

By the Help of Turnpikes and Canals into the interior Parts of different Counties, there may be Timber enough got to supply the Navy for Half a Century to come, which otherwise they cannot be supplied; but in those Counties where the Canals and Turnpikes have taken Place, the Timber is diminished, and will not supply permanently, as many Gentlemen do not take such Care of their Woods as they ought to do for their own Interest.

See Answer to Question 6.

See Answer to Question 6.

The Navigable Canals in this County have neither increased or decreased the felling of Timber. No Part of this County is inaccessible, nor is there any great Quantity. of large Timber left, so as to supply, on an Average of Forty Years to come, what it has furnished for Navy Use for upwards of Forty Years past.

The general Decrease has been already stated, but not owing to this Cause.

Certainly.

Not in the County of Leicester.

The greater Facility of Carriage has not, to our Knowledge, yet occasioned any material Diminution of the Quantity.

Much more Timber has been felled (under the Description of Ship Timber) than they will be able to continue permanently to supply.

Greater Quantities of Timber have been felled than the County will be able to continue permanently to supply, but not by Reason of the increased Facility of Carriage.

No Reliance whatever can reasonably be placed upon this County for a permanent Supply of Oak Timber.

See Answer to Question 6.

The Facility of Carriage has caused larger Quantities to be sent to Market Annually than can be produced regularly hereafter.

Much more.

Where Timber has been felled, from a more ready Method of conveying it, it is then lessened, and a permanent Supply will not be found.

See Answer to Question 6.

Not in this County.

The Quantity of our Timber being reduced in so great a Proportion, a Permanency of Supply is not to be depended upon. It is a long Period before an Oak arrives at Maturity.

Timber cut for all Purposes.

Certainly.

Suffolk being a highly-improved Country, Timber has generally decreased; most profitably decreased; for the Improvements are of Ten Times the Value of the Timber.

But little Timber fit for the Use of the Navy is at present growing in this District, and the Supply for other Uses is likely to fall short in a few Years.

This Question is answered, as far as in our Power, by the Answer to Question 6.

Possibly it may; there appears a general Decrease.

We rather suppose there has.

The great Demand of late Years for Oak Timber in this County has occasioned a larger Quantity to be fallen than it can permanently supply.

There was no Oak Timber to fell.

Of late Years not much more Oak Timber, in consequence of the increased Facility of Carriage, has been felled, than the Country will be able to continue permanently to supply.

Greater Quantities of Timber have been felled in those Parts of the Country which were before inaccessible, than they will be able to continue permanently to supply.

Facility of Carriage has contributed to thin the Country of Timber, in a greater Proportion than the Succession will support.

A greater Quantity of Timber has been of late Years felled in this Country, yet I don’t think it was on Account of the Facility of Carriage, but owing to a greater Number of Vessels being of late Years built in different Parts of this County.

On Account of the Facility of Carriage, much more Timber has been felled, in every Part of this Country than it will permanently supply.

Greater Quantities of Timber have, in Consequence of better Roads, been felled than the Country will be ever able to supply for the Use of the Navy or Ship-building in the Out Ports, and for a Reason set forth in my Answer to Question H.

Yes.

The Timber in the inaccessible Parts of the Country is very little of it of any Size, and the Situations of the largest Timber being in deep Vallies, cannot be

o got

Pembroke -Radnor

Bedford -Berks

Cambridge -

Chester

Cornwall -

Dci'by

Devon

Dorset Durham -

Essex

Gloucester

Hants

Vol. 47.

1.

2.

got out without a very great Expence, for which Reason scarcely any Part but the Bark is ever exported.

See Answer to Question 6.

There being no Canals, this Question is answered before.

Take the Country through, there are Ten Fellers for One Planter, and Ten Planters for One Preserver, of Oak Timber.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

Question 8.

Whether the general Consumption of Oak Timber, for Building or other Uses, within that County, is increased or diminished ? — And to what Cause, in your Opinion, is such Increase or Decrease to be imputed ?

1.

2.

Answers.

Diminished, in Consequence of the Scarcity of Oak, and the Use and Utility of Deal.

Diminished; Fir Timber used instead, where it will answer the End.

The Consumption for Buildings very small, both on Account of the Scarcity of Oak, and the Cheapness of Fir Timber; all old Buildings built almost entirely of Oak, and great Quantities thrown in; a Proof that it abounded formerly in the County.

Certainly diminished, and principally on Account of the large Importation of Deal Timber at Liverpool, which is carried to most Parts of this County, [at a small Expence, by Canals.

Increased, through the present Taste for building new Houses, repairing old Mansions, and improving Farm Houses and Offices.

The Consumption of Oak Timber for building within this County is altogether diminished: The Number of additional new Buildings not keeping Pace with the great additional Demand of Deal Timber, probably now used for Re-building and Repairs. But the Increase of Price in Oak Timber in this County shews a comparative Demand. This additional Price of Oak, nearly doubled within these Forty Years, arises from Two Circumstances: The Decrease of the Woods, and the Alteration in the Mode of fanning the Land. Formerly a Farmer, with no other Inmate than his Dog, would superintend Flocks of Sheep upon Land which now feeds 20 or 30 Cows for a Dairy Farm: These Cows must have Shelter all the Winter in large commodious Buildings. There must be great Preparation for their Provender. There must be many Men to take Care of them; many Women to milk them, and to prepare the Produce for the Cheese. There must be Barns, Threshing-Floors for the Maintenance, and Chambers for the Lodgings of this numerous Establishment. Marriage is also, indispensably necessary now to the Farmer, who must have a Wife to superintend the Dairy, and more Room and Servants are requisite for a young Family. The Increase of Comforts, if not of Luxury, also makes the Farmer require a better House and larger Accommodations. But another Reason operates more forcibly than any of these, for rendering the Houses larger: The Cheese, which is made thin and laid flat on the Floor, necessarily occupies much Space, Shelves not being held equally good for the Purpose. The Cheese, being moist, soon destroys any but Oak Floors; whilst the Roofs of these extensive Chambers demand the largest Oak Timber, as where the Materials for building are only Limestone, as above mentioned, which is the Case in great Part of this County, any other Wood but Oak, from the porous damp Quality of the Limestone, immediately decays. Thus the Inhabitant of a Cottage formerly occupied a Farm with only One or Two thatched Hovels, which now requires 800l. or 1,000l. Expenditure for Cheese Chambers, Barns, and Stables. For the Farmer must now have a large Team to carry Home out of the Farm the Produce, also to till the Land, to supply a numerous Family, and to bring Home Coals, a considerable Quantity being necessary in making Cheese; and not only Scarcity, but Increase in the Price, of Oak Timber naturally follows the Increase of Demand.

The Use of Oak Timber for building or repairing Farms is nearly as it has been.

In general, Oak is only used where Elm would go to decay, as Oak is double the value of Elm. Fir Timber is mostly used in building and repairing good Houses.

Diminished. The Cause to its not being properly encouraged.

Decreased in Building.

Fir Timber is used in general for building in the County of Durham, and is imported at Stockton, Sunderland, and Newcastle;and little Oak used for that Purpose, Fir Timber being much cheaper.

Diminished certainly; and that in Consequence of the increased Value of Oak Timber.

From the universal Use of Deal in the Generality of Buildings, the Consumption of Oak is certainly not so great as it was.

The Consumption of Oak in House-building is much lessened, from the general Use of Fir Timber.

It is decreased in Consequence of the large Importation of Deals into this Maritime County.

The Consumption of Oak Timber in House-building is much decreased by the general Use of Fir Timber from Riga and Mcmcl.

4 O Haals

13" Februaru.

A. 1792.

Elevcuth Report Hants — continued of tke Board of Land Revenue.

Hereford -

4-

Hertford -

Kent

Lancaster -

Leicester -Lincoln - - l.

2.

Monmouth

Northumberland -

Nottingham - l.

2.

3-

4-

O.iford

Rutland

Salop

Somerset -Stafford -Suffolk - 1

2.

3-

Sussex -Warwick -

Worcester -

J ’o/'A - - i

2.

3-

mat

Merioneth -

Montgomery

Brecon

By the great Importation of Fir Timber, Deals, Ike. the Use of Oak Timber for Buildings is greatly diminished; but it is generally used in Repairs of Farms, particularly in the iVero Forest, where all the Estates, by their Tenure, have a Right to Timber for that Purpose, and to certain Proportions of Fire Wood.

I don't apprehend that the Consumption within the County i$ so great; the Commodity being more scarce, and consequently more valuable, it is sold; and in Building, Stone and Brick is used where Timber was formerly.

Oak is the Timber generally used in this County; the Buildings on the Farms here are more numerous than in most other Counties, and Paling, Railing, Posts, Gates, and Barn Floors consume great Quantities of Oak; and no other Species of Timber of the Growth of this County will answer these Purposes. Beech has been used, and still is in some Parts, for Barn Floors; but unless the Soil is remarkably dry, the Damps cause the Beech Planks to rot very soon.

The Use of Oak Timber for Buildings, &c. is lessened by the general Introduction of Fir. Fir is supposed to be sold, and worked, more to the Advantage of the Carpenter.

Diminished, Fir being cheaper, and the Labour of working it not so expensive.

The general Consumption is decreased, owing to Deal being purchased cheaper.

It is believed that the Consumption of Oak Timber is in a small Degree increased, probably owing to the increased Value of Fir Timber from Norway, See.

Oak Timber for Building is decreased, and the Trees which have been planted are not come to their Growth; to supply the Deficiency Fir Timber is therefore used. The Decrease must be imputed to the Sales.

The general Consumption of Oak for Building and other Uses is diminished, owing, I believe, to the high Price given for it by the Navy Contractors, and Deal being obtainable at a much lower Bate.

The Consumption of Oak Timber, it is reasonable to infer, is increased in Proportion to the Increase of Shipping in the River Tyne; but the Docks are chiefly supplied Coastways, and by Foreign Oak Timber.

Increase. — Cause, the Increase of Manufactures.

The Consumption of Oak Timber in the County of Nottingham is much diminished by having Foreign Wood at a lower Price, and the Facility in Labour and Expence in the Workmanship thereof.

Much diminished; owing entirely to the Facility with which Fir Timber is procured in this County, and the low Price which it sells at.

The general Consumption of Oak Timber is diminished, the Two Causes depend principally in Building and Inclosures. The greater Cohsumption on the latter Account.

The general Consumption of Oak Timber is increased, on Account of the many Additions in Buildings and Inclosures in the County.

Much the same.

The Consumption of Oak Timber in our County is increased, owing to the great Number both of public and private Buildings that have been erected with Oak, and the Improvement of old ones. The Erections belonging to our Iron Manufactories have consumed a great Quantity.

Decreased, owing to the Use of Deal and Elm.

Decreased, owing to the great Importation of Deals.

Diminished, the Price of Oak has risen, and is now applied to the Uses only to which it is peculiarly applicable.

Decreased, from the Decrease of Timber, and from the increased Use of Fir Timber, which is much cheaper, and easily procured in this District, the greater Part of which borders on the Coast.

Decreased, from the general Use of Fir Timber.

Increased, imputed to the high Price.

Diminished, from the Introduction of Foreign Deal.

There has been a greater Consumption of Oak Timber of late Years than heretofore, occasioned by the Introduction of several large Porter Breweries, and a Vinegar Manufactory in this County.

The Consumption of Oak Timber for Building, &c. is decreased, from the Facility of obtaining Foreign Fir '1 imber, and the great Price of Oak.

The general Consumption of Oak Timber for Building, or other Uses, is greatly diminished, on Account of Fir Timber being principally used in all the modern Buildings.

Greatly diminished, for want of Care of the Succession of renascent Shoots.

Decreased, owing to the Use of Deal.

The general Consumption of Oak Timber is increased, and I think it is owing to the great Number of Vessels built in different Parts of the County, and also to other Building in general.

The Consumption of Oak Timber for Building and other Uses is rather increased within the County, which may be ascribed to a general Increase of Houses, and Repairs are better done within the County at present than they were formerly.

The Consumption for Building is greatly increased, because Gentlemen’s and Farm Houses are now buUtin a more substantial Manner and superior Stile than formerly, when Gentlemen and Farmers were content with much meaner Buildings, &c. even in my Memory.

It

32 Geo. III.

Cardigan -Caermarthen

Pembroke -

Radnor - - .

2.

13° Februarii.

327

Bedford

Berks

Cambridge

Chester

Cornwall

Derby

Devon

Dorset

Durham

Essex

Gloucester

Hants

1.

2.

3-

Hereford

Hertford

Kent -

Lancaster -

Leicester -

Lincoln - 1.

2.

Monmouth

Northumberland -

Nottingham 1.

2.

3-

4.

Oxford -

Rutland

Salop -

Somerset -

Stafford -

Suffolk

Vo L.47.

It is increased, and such is imputed to the great Increase of Building of late Years in this County.

Small Sloops, and sometimes Brigs, to the Burthen of 100 Tons or 150 Tons, have been built in this County, but that Trade is almost gone, there being scarce any, even of such Timber, left.

Deal is now generally used for Building, &c. and the Reason is, because there is hardly any Oak to be got.

The Consumption of Oak Timber does not increase.

Habitations decrease considerably in Number by the Enlargement of Farms, consequently the Consumption of Timber for Building does not increase.

Question 9.

Whether the Price of Oak Timber, for Carpenters or Country Uses, is increased within the last Forty Years, and in what Proportion?

Answers.

Increased about 3d.a Foot.

Not known so as to be answered accurately.

The Increase of Price 20/. per Cent.

Increased, but in what Proportion difficult to say, but it is at least double the Price of the best Fir Timber.

Increased about One Third.

It is nearly double the Price it was Forty Years ago.

The Average Price of Oak Timber for Carpenters Use is 40 s. a Ton; prime Oak for Coopers Use is worth from 505. to 3/.

Rather increased, about One Penny upon a Shilling.

Increased.

The Price of Oak for Country Use is increased, but not in a great Degree.

Increased from about is. 3d. to about u. 8

Though undoubtedly Timber is not so plenty as it was formerly, yet, for the Reason I have before mentioned, I don't think it dearer with us: about 10 Miles from Gloucester, it must be a very good Oak to be worth 1 s. 3d. per Foot.

All Oak seems more valuable, equal to One Third.

Increased in the Proportion of 2> I. per Cent.

It is increased in Value double; Forty Years ago it was sold for 30 per Load, which now is worth 31, per Load, for Carpenters Uses.

The Price of Oak Timber in general increased in Proportion of 2.5 /. per Cent, and, without greater Care be taken for the Preservation of its Growth, in another 40 Years it may probably increase 50/ per Cent, more than the present Prices, high as it now is.

Forty Years ago it was a mere Drug; comparatively speaking, it is much increased.

The Price now given by Carpenters for Timber, is from 65 s. a Load of 50 Feet round Cube Measure, up to 7.5 s.These Prices have increased gradually7, within these 40 Years, from 43 s.to 30 s. and so upwards to the Price Oak Timber now bears Carpenters buy by round Cube Measure at is. 3d. and is. 6d. a Foot, and sell by Square Cube at 3 s. by which they gain in Timber 120/. per Cent. Profit. And those that sell a Felling of Timber never reserve the large Trees, which run or mete at 45 Feet, by which Carpenters have a still larger Profit, and put those large Sticks into Navy Contracts, which adds greatly to the Buyer’s Profits.

It is increased a Third or more within that Term, but not within the last Ten Years.

Supposed to have increased Double.

The Price of Oak has increased within 40 Years, but in what Proportion we are not able to say.

The Price is also increased in about the same Proportion as Foreign Timber.

The Price of Oak Timber for Carpenters Uses is increased Eight Pence per Foot. Large Timber more.

Increased considerably.

Rather increased within these 40 Years, but the Price very fluctuating, that depending on Peace or War.

Increased: Proportion not easily to be ascertained, but conjectured to be nearly One Fourth.

Though smaller Quantities of Oak Timber is used by Carpenters, and for Country Uses, yet the Supply lessening much quicker, has caused the Price to increase in a small Degree.

The Price of Oak Timber is very much increased.

The Price of Oak Timber, for Carpenters and Country Uses, is increased, within the last Forty Years, at least One Third.

Increased One T hird or more.

Increased about One Third, or something less.

Increased about One Third in Price.

Increased in different Proportions.

Increased in a small Degree.

Accounts are exceedingly various, and not much to be depended on; in some Cases 100 A per Cent.

Suffolk

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

«u"«'‘lLrfrfrt continued

Land Revenue.

Sussex Warwick -Worcester -York

Flint

Merioneth -Montgomery

Brecon

Cardigan -Caermarthen

P 'em broke -

Radnor

Bedford

Berks

Cambridge

Chester Cornwall -

Derby

Devon

Dorset Durham -

Essex

Gloucester -Hants

Hereford -

Hertford -

2.

3-

l.

2.

3-

1.

2.

1.

2.

1.

2.

3-

4-

13° Februarii. A. 1792.

Increased in Price about One Sixth in that Period, but the Increase of Price bears no Proportion to the Decrease of Timber, which may be accounted for from my Answer to the preceding Question.

It is increased, but in what Proportion we cannot ascertain.

Increased One Third.

But little Difference.

The Price of Oak Timber is increased in Value at least a Third.

The Price of Oak Timber, for Country Uses, is more than double in the last 30 Years.

The Price of Oak Timber, for Carpenters or Country Uses, is not much increased within the last Forty Years.

Increased a Quarter, or near a Half.

Increased. Proportion.

Much increased of late Years in every Proportion whatever.

The Price of Oak Timber, for Carpenters or Country Uses, is double what it was Forty Years ago.

Increased 50 per Cent. About 56 Years ago a Lot of Timber sold at 20 which cannot be bought this Day under 40 s. per Load or Ton.

It is increased considerably, but to what Proportion can’t exactly say.

Increased more than Three Times, owing to the Scarcity.

The Price is increased at least One Third, perhaps we should not be out of the Way if we said One Half.

Increased 50 per Cent, or more in Price.

At least 50 per Cent.

Question 10.

Whether the Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals, have not introduced the Use of Coal in Parts of the Country in which Wood was before generally used for Fuel; and whether in such Parts the Demand for Underwood, and the Value of it, have been increased or lessened ?

Answers.

The Consumption of Coal is increased, and the Price of Underwood increased.

Yes.---- Lessened.

The Consumption of Coals has increased, but the Price of Underwood has also much increased.

This County was always well supplied with Coal; and there are few, if any, Underwoods throughout it.

The Answer to Question 6 will apply to the First Part of this Question. Coals are used in great Quantities for the Fire Engines, Smelting Houses, and other Purposes, for the Mines; and, although the Use of Coals is introducing for Family Consumption, still the Demand for Underwood, and the Value of it, have increased.

Coal is certainly more used now than formerly, from the Improvement of Roads, and from the Navigable Canals. It is more in Request from being used in making Cheese. The Roots and the Tops of Trees have within Time of Memory been used as Fuel, together with Coal, but it has never been the Practice to burn Wood for Fuel altogether; Peat or Turf Fuel used formerly to be burnt instead of Coal, and still is used in the Northern Part of this County.

Coals are generally used in the Houses of creditable People, but the Poor bum no Coals, and very little Wood, on Account of the Expence; Faggot Wood being double the Expence it was 20 Years ago, most of their Fuel is Turf or Peat.

No Canals, and the Value of Underwood very much increased indeed.

Both increased.

There is so much Coal in all Parts of the County of that no Vrood is used

as Fuel.

The Use of Coal for Fuel is increased, from the comparative Scarcity and consequent Dearness of Wood.

I do not think the Price of Underwood much affected by the Canals, for though perhaps less may be burnt upon the Spot, yet by their Means it is more easily conveyed to other Places.

If it has not, we think it will be a Means of doing it

Coal has been more generally used in Consequence of the Improvement of the Roads, but the Price of Underwood has also been kept up by various Causes.

The Improvements on Roads and Canals have introduced the Use of Coals in all the Inland Counties, therefore it must lessen the Consumption of Wood; but if the making of Turnpikes and Navigable Canals was not to be encouraged, Wood would be at an enormous Price, owing to the grubbing up of the Hedge Rows, and converting into Corn Land.

Coal is more generally in Use since the Improvements of Roads and Navigable Canals; but the Price of Underwood is rather increased than lessened.

Coal is much more used; owing not only to the Improvement of the Roads, but the Scarcity of Block Wood. — The Value of Underwood is much increased since the Introduction of Hops into the County.

The Navigable Canals have caused more Coals to be used than formerly were consumed in this County, but the Lock and Water Duties are so heavy, that the Use

Kent

Lancaster -Leicester -Lincoln

Monmouth -

Northumberland

Nottingham

13° Februarii.

329

Oxford

Rutland

Salop

Somerset

Stafford

Suffolk

Sussex

JVai~wick

Worcester

York -

2.

3-

4-

2.

3-

1.

2.

Flint

Merioneth -

Montgomery

Brecon

Vol. 47.

Land Revenue.

Use of Coal has not lessened the Price of Underwood, on the contrary it is increased, Eleventh Report though possibly more from the stocking and grubbing up Woods than from any ol ll,e Board 01 other Cause.

Coals are much more used than formerly; notwithstanding which, Underwoods for

Hop Poles are much advanced in Prices, as is Wood for burning, which partly arises from the advance in the Price of Labour.

Coal generally used for Fuel; the Value of Underwood increased, being applied to other Purposes.

In the Eastern Part of the County, where Fuel was the dearest, the Introduction of Coal has been great, though the Price of Underwood is not diminished.

Coal is not brought into this Part of the Country by Land Carriage, or the Navigable Canals, but almost wholly by Sea; the Consumption of Wood for Fuel is inconsiderable, as it always has been, and the Value rather increased.

The Navigable Canals have made Coals cheaper, but Underwood is increased in its Value greatly within the last Forty Years.

Improvement of Roads has introduced the Use of Coal in the Parts alluded to The Demand for Underw ood, and the Value of it, is in such Parts increased, owing to the Increase of our Iron Trade.

The Improvement of Roads hath increased the Use of Coal. Wood is never used for Fuel, if Coal can be had at the Distance of 20 Miles. The Value of Underwood in the Nighbourhood of Collieries and Lead Mines is increased.

The Value of Underwood increased.

The Improvement of Roads, and making Canals, has reduced the Price of Coal, the Consumption of which is become more universal, principally from the Abilities of the Consumers, and the Preference it has, Wood being advanced in Price by the Lands being much cleared thereof for the Extension of Tillage.

Coal of various Kinds have always been so easily obtained in all Parts of the County of Nottingham, that the Use of Wood for Fuel has never been considerable. The Value of Underwood is much increased.

Wood is not, as has been, used much for Fuel, Coal being reasonable.

No Decrease in Value of Spring or Underwood, from the Introduction of Coal by the Navigable Canals.

Increased One Third, but not in Consequence of Coal being brought into the Country.

Wood for Fuel is become so scarce, compared to its former State, that Farmers now' generally use Coal. The Demand for Underwood, for the Use of the Charcoal Forges, is considerable. Cordwood now sells at the great Price of 17$. per Statute Cord.

Use of Coal increased, and the Price of Underwood increased also. Large Quantities of Poles, of Twenty Years Growth, are used for supporting the interior Parts of the Coal Pits

Coals are, and have been, universally used in this County.

Coal very generally substituted; but Woods having been grubbed sufficient to keep a profitable Price for the Remainder, consequently the Value has remained at a Par with Rents, Tythes, and Rates.

The Use of Coals has increased, from the Decrease of Wood for Fuel; and the Price of Underwood used for that Purpose is certainly increased.

The Use of Coals is considerably increased, and, as we apprehend, from the Scarcity of Top Wood and Underwood; old Pollards, which furnished Fuel, being taken down, and it being the Wish of Gentlemen to preserve their Underwood.

Yes. — Increased.

Coal is certainly more generally used, and yet the Price of Underwood is in most Parts of the County increased.

notwithstanding the Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals, the Demand for Underwood, and the Value of it, is considerably increased.

The Use of Coal in this Riding has been universal, as far back as can be remembered.

The Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Canals, have increased the Use of Coals; but there is no considerable Alteration in the Value of Underwood, which is seldom used for Fuel.

The Improvement of Roads, and Navigable Canals, have in a Degree introduced Coal; but at the same Time have been the Means of conveying the Underwood to distant manufacturing Countries for Charcoal.

Coal the Fuel of the County.

The improved State of the Roads has introduced the Use of Coals into several Parts of the Country; yet I think the Demand for Cordwood, and the Value thereof, are increased.

The Improvement of the Roads have introduced the Use of Coal in Parts of the County in which Wood was before usually burnt; notwithstanding which, the Value of Underwood is rather increased.

There is Plenty of Coal in a remote Corner of this County, about 40 Miles distant to some Parts of it. More used than formerly in Towns and Gentlemens Houses, but very little by Farmers and Cottagers; at the same Time the Value of Fire Wood is increased, within my Memory, about 30 per Cent.

4 P Improvement

u.

330 13° Februarii. . 1792.

Eleventh Report Cardigan -of the Board of

Land Revenue.

Caermarthen

Pembroke -Radnor

Bedford

Berks

Cambridge -

Chester

Cornwall

Derby

Devon

Dorset Durham -

Essex

Gloucester

Hants

Hereford -Hertford -

Kent

Lancaster -Leicester -Lincoln

Monmouth -Northumberland -Nottingham

1.

2.

1.

2.

1.

2.

n

4-

l.

2.

1.

2.

3-

4-

Improvement of Roads, in some Degree, has increased the Use of Coal in this County.

Coal and Turf (the Produce of the Country) is the common Fuel of the Country, Cordwood being seldom used but for making Charcoal for the Forges, and by Bakers, and the Price of Cordwood has continued nearly the same for many Years.

In this County Coals, Culm, Furze, and Turf, are the only Fuel.

The Value of Underwood is increased.

The Value of Underwood is at least as great as ever, notwithstanding a great Quantity of Coal is imported.

Question 11.

'Whether, in those Parts of the Country in which Underwood is more valuable in Consequence of a Demand for Hop Poles, or from other Causes, it has become the Practice of late Years, more than formerly, to cut down the great Timber Trees, on Account of the Injury they do to the Underwood ?

Answers.

Thriving Timber Trees are not cut down to preserve the Underwood. No Demand for Hop Poles in this County.

No Hop Plantations within the County; but in many Woods the great Timber Trees have been cut down to encourage the Growth of Underwood, both on Account of the increased Price and quick Return.

Unanswered.

Hops, in very few Instances, are the Growth of Cornwall, therefore the Demand for Hop Poles very little affects the Growth of Timber Trees; some indeed are cut down to preserve Uudeiwood in Coppices.

There is no Demand for Hop Poles in this County; but the Underwood for Posts and Rails, &c. is deemed more valuable than to let the Trees grow to Timber; and great Timber Trees are not suffered to stand to the Injury of Underwood.

No Hops cultivated here. In Woods where there are large l imber Trees, provided they grow near together, the Underwood is of little or no Value; in general it is totally destroyed.

The Timber in this Country is not cut down for the Preservation of Poles.

No.

No Hops grow in the County of Durham; some Woods are cut frequently for Pit Props; but generally of Ash, Alder, Birch, or other quick-growing Wood, and little or no Oak in the said Woods; if any, it is left.

I think not.

I never heard of any Wood being cut for Hop Poles in this County.

We dare say not, as it is proved, on good growing Land for Oak, that it has paid its Owner Twenty per Cent, per Annum.

It is certainly more the Practice than formerly.

I dare say not, as it is proved, on good growing Land for Oak, that it has paid the Owner Twenty per Cent, per Annum.

Not merely to encourage the Growth of Underwood, but for the Reasons before assigned, the Oak Timber in many Parts of the Kingdom is undoubtedly greatly diminished.

I think where Timber grows kindly, it is still carefully raised in Woods.

Few Hops are planted in this County; and there are but few large Timbers in the Woods. Great Trees prevent the Growth of Underwood; and the View to present Profit will ever weigh with the Occupiers of Wood Lands.

Some People may cut down Timber from the improved Price of Hop Poles Underwoods; but perhaps it is more generally done to raise a Revenue.

Not customary to cut Timber for the Purpose of increasing the Underwood.

Not in Leicestershire.

Such a Practice cannot exist, because there are no such Woods in the Division.

The Practice of cutting down the great l imber Trees was not in Consequence of a Demand for Hop Poles, there being no Hop Plantations in this Part of the Country, or on Account of the Injury they did to the Underwood. These Woods are cut in Succession; and the Oak for Carpenters Uses, which Oak grows from the old Stool.

It has become the Practice of late Years to cut down great Timber Trees, for the Reason assigned in the Question.

No Hop Grounds in this County; nor are the Oak Trees cut down for the Purpose of preserving the Underwood only.

Not the Practice to cut down Timber for the Encouragement of Underwood, but common to raise new Plantations for Hop Poles, &c. &c.

It is not customary for large Timber to stand in Plantations intended to produce Hop Poles, being in general taken down to prevent the Injury which otherwise would arise to the Poles growing irregularly, both in respect to Length and Substance.

We do not understand that the Diminution of large Timber is to be attributed to this Cause.

Hop Poles being much wanted in this Part of the Country, are of course valuable. The Growth of them is encouraged. Timber Trees growing in Woods, where they

Oxford

Rutland -Salop

Somerset Stafford -Suffolk -

Sussex Warwick -Worcester -

York

Flint -Merioneth

Montgomery

Brecon

Cardigan -Caermarthen

Pembroke -Radnor

Bedford Berks Cambridge -

Chester Cornwall -

Derby

Vou 47.

13° Februarii. 331

2.

3*

1.

2.

3-

2.

they injure the Growth of Poles, are generally taken down; a Plantation of Hop Eleventh Report Poles being considered as more profitable. of the Board of Great Timber Trees have been in general cut down for Sale in most Woods; but L^dRevenue.

not to encourage any particular Growth of Underwood.

Not the Case in this Country.

Timber Trees are certainly injurious to the Underwood, and I believe arc more generally cut down than formerly. We use Hop Poles only in one small Corner of the County. Our Consumption of Underwood in Forges and Collieries is very considerable.

No Hop Ground.

Much cut down in one Part of the County, but little in the other.

More cut down than formerly.

No such Thing is supposed to have happened in this District. The best of our Underwood is used for Hoops, the next Sort for Hurdles, and the Refuse for Brush Faggots. We have no Hops. The Underwood fit for Hoops was of more Value during the American War than at present, from the Demand at that Time for Hoops for Flour Barrels, of which large Numbers were supplied from this District.

It is the Custom to fell Timber Trees when they get to such a Size as to injure the Underwood; but whether the Practice prevails more now than it did formerly, we do not know.

Of course it will.

We do not apprehend this has been the Practice in this County.

From the Increase of the Hop Plantations, and consequently from the great Demand for Hop Poles, it is now become the Practice to cut down the Timber Trees to promote the Growth of the Underwood, the Poles bringing from 8 to 12 s. per Hundred.

The great Timber is preseixed in preference to the Underwood. No Demand for Hop Poles.

The Demand for Hop Poles is exceeding small, if any; and it has not been the Practice of late Years, more than formerly, to cut down the great Timber Trees, on Account of the Injury they do to Underwood.

No Wood taken down for Hop Poles in this Country.

Not in this County.

There are no Hop Plantations or Yards in this County, consequently the Demand is neither more nor less upon that Account. I think it is the Practice in general, of late Years, to fell the Timber Trees on Account of the Injury done to the Underwoods.

Hops not being grown in this County, no Timber Trees are cut down to encourage the Growth of Underwood.

Scarce any Hops raised in this County, therefore no Sapling Oak cut down for Hop Poles. Too great a Number of Standills are very injurious to the Growth of Underwood, if they are not lopped or shredded, which is too general a Practice, and very pernicious to Timber Trees, for which Reason we have very few Maiden Oaks. Twelve Standills, agreeable to the Statute of 35, H. VIII. C. 7. w’ould not injure the Underwood. An Amendment and Revisal of that Statute, and that of the 13 Elizabeth, C. 25. for the Preservation of Wood, might be of Service if strictly enforced.

No Hop Poles used in this County.

The Growth of Cordwood is encouraged on Account of the Forges, and where Timber is likely to be injurious to its Growth it is generally cut, Hops not being cultivated in this County.

Question the 11 th does not affect this County.

No Hops worth Notice, nor any Poles carried out.

No Hops worth Notice are produced in this County, nor are the Poles, in any considerable Quantities, carried out for the Use of Hop Yards.

Question 12.

Whether there has been a greater Quantity of Wood Land, formerly producing Oak, converted to Tillage, within Memory, than of Land of a fit Soil newly planted with Oak ?

Answers.

Uncertain.

The greater Proportion converted to Tillage.

There has not been much converted to Tillage, and still less newly planted with Oak.

This may be the Case, but it has not been so converted in any great Extent Both stand almost in the same Predicament, a mere Blank; there being scarce any of either Description.

There is very little (if any) Land, except for Ornament, newly planted with Oak in this County. It is an unpleasing Reflection how much Oak was, not only from Tradition and authentic Documents, but even from Memory, formerly growing in every Parish, upon Land which now bears no other Traces of it than being called "The Wood" In almost every Parish there are large Fields which still go under this Denomination. From MSS. in my Pbssession, it appears the County

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

Derm 1. 2.

Dorset - mm

Durham -

Essex - -

Gloucester -

Hants m 1. 2.

3- 4-

Hereford -

Hertford -

Kent- - -

Lancaster -

Leicester -

Lincoln 1. 2.

Monmouth - _

Northumberland - -

Nottingham - 1.

2.

3-

4-

Oxford -

Rutland

Salop

Somerset -Stafford -Suffolk - - l.

3-

Sussex -

Warwick -Worcester -York - - i.

2.

3-

Flint -Merioneth -

Montgomery

Brecon -Cardigan -

Caermarthen Pembroke -

Radnor - - i,

2.

13° Februarii. . 1792.

County Hall in Derby was built with 63 large Oak Trees from Foston ,where there remains only an Appearance of a Wood having Once grown there.

Some Woods producing Oak have been converted into Tillage; but I don’t know of any Plantations of Oak of any Extent, in this Neighbourhood, newly planted.

Many Woodlands have been converted to Tillage, but no Land sown to Timber.

More Land converted to Tillage than planted with Oak.

No great Quantity of Woodland converted to Tillage. Many Gentlemen have made extensive Plantations, in which a considerable Quantity of Oak is planted.

A great Deal of Woodland has been converted into Tillage within Memory; the Quantity of Land planted with Oak is very small indeed.

I believe very little Woodland has been converted to Tillage, and still less planted.

Much converted into Corn Land, but few or no Plantations of Oak.

Doubtful.

A great many Coppices have been grubbed up and converted into Corn Land, but few or no Plantations of Oak made.

See Answer to Question 13.

A much larger Quantity is converted into Tillage than has been planted.

Many Woods have been stocked; much more, in Quantity of Acres, within Memory, than have been planted with Oak.

Very little Woodland grubbed for Tillage. Much more planted, but chiefly with Ash, Willow, Chesnuts, &c.

A great Quantity converted to Tillage.

No.

We know not of any Woodland converted into Tillage, nor of any Oaks being newly planted, except in small Plantations.

More Woodland has been converted into Tillage, than Land of a fit Soil newly planted with Oak.

Much greater.

No Woodlands producing Oak have been turned into Tillage within Memory.

A larger Quantity of Land converted to Tillage, that held Oak, than has been usually planted.

There are not many Instances of converting much Oak Woodland into Tillage, that has produced Oak Timber. If the Oak is all cut down, it is generally left to produce Underwood, and cut periodically; and I suppose many more Acres of Land are planted with Oak, and sown with Acorns, than there are Woodland converted into Tillage.

Much more.

There has not been much Land, formerly producing Wood, converted to Tillage.

Many Woods have been grubbed and converted into Tillage, but not a single Plantation of Oak in the County, except where Gentlemen have planted for Ornament.

In the same State.

I know several Woodlands that have been cleared, and converted into Arable and Pasture Lands. The new Plantations of Oak are few and inconsiderable. The Price of Land is too high for planting.

Woodlands have been cleared.

More cleared than planted.

Land occupied by Oak certainly lessened.

Some Woodland has been converted into Tillage, and many new Plantations of Oak and other Timber have been made, but the Proportion cannot be ascertained, though the Probability is, that the new Plantations exceed.

Yes.

Yes.

We think more Woods have been grubbed up than planted.

See Answer to Question 13.

More Land cleared of Oak than planted, upon Soils well suited for the Growth of large Oak Timber.

There has not been a greater Quantity of Wood, formerly producing Oak, converted to Tillage, within Memory, than of Land of a fit Soil newly planted with Oak.

More converted to Tillage than Oaks planted.

Little Wood cleared. Some planted.

There has been a greater Quantity of Woodland, formerly producing Oak, converted to Tillage within Memory, than of Land of a fit Soil newly planted with Oak.

There is a much greater Quantity of Woodland, which formerly produced Oak, converted to Tillage, than there is of Land newly planted with Oak.

See Answer to Question 13.

There has been a greater Quantity of Woodland, formerly producing Oak, converted to Tillage within Memory, than of Land of a fit Soil newly planted with Oak.

Much Land has been grubbed up, and very little, if any. Oak planted.

There has been a Quantity of Woodland, formerly producing Oak, converted to Tillage within Memory, but not a single Oak planted, as we recollect, unless a few for Ornament to some House.

Lands producing Oak have been cleared, but not in great Quantities.

Lands producing Oak have been cleared, but not in large Quantities.

Question 13.

32 Geo. III.

Bedford -Berks

Cambridge -Chester

Cornwall -

Derby -

Devon - - 1.

2.

Dorset -

Durham -

Esse.v -

Gloucester -

Hants - - i-

2.

3-

4-

Hereford -

Hertford -

Kent -

Lancaster -Leicester -Lincoln - - i.

2.

Monmouth -Northumberland -

Nottingham - i

2.

3-

4-

Oaford

Rutland

Salop

You 47-

13° Febniarii. 333

Question 13. Eleventh Report

Whether the Plantations which have been made within Memory have been

chiefly of Oak, or of the Kinds of Trees not fit for the Navy? v

Answers.

Few of Oak, but several Scotch Larch, and other Fir.

Not chiefly of Oak.

Many more Plantations of other Trees than Oaks.

Oak is'still much planted, and often along with other Kinds of Trees; the latter, as they become of any Use, being frequently cut down to make room for the Oaks to grow.

What Plantations have been made, have not been chiefly of Oak, but of the Kind of Trees not fit for the Navy, being only Plantations of Ornament for Gentlemen’s Seats.

There are scarcely any new Plantations of Oak, and being chiefly for Ornament, the Beech, Elm, Ash, Sycamore, Larch, and all the different Kinds of Firs and Pines, are preferred from their quick Growth.

No Plantations of any Extent in this Neighbourhood; those that have been planted

have been more for Ornament than Use, when a Variety is more considered than the Value of the Timber.

Of those Kind of Trees not fit for the Navy.

Not fit for the Navy.

The Plantations in general have a Mixture of Trees adapted to the Soil, and Oaks, except where planted merely for the Use of Collieries.

If this Question refers to Ornamental Plantations, the Answer is, that the Oak certainly makes a Part though perhaps not a principal Part, in such Plantations.

I do not believe any Oak Plantations have been made lately, except in the Forest of Dean.

From the extreme Folly of the Owners, to the lessening the Value of their Estates, they plant the Fir, &c. instead of the Oak; whereas, if they were to plant the Oak, they would in Time double the Value of their Estates, as well as secure a future Supply of that valuable Timber.

More Firs than Oaks.

Gentlemen in general plant the Fir, &c. instead of Oak; whereas if they were to plant the Oak, they would in Time double the Value of their Estates, as well as secure a future Supply of that valuable Timber for the Use of the Navy.

The prevailing Custom of grabbing up Hedge Rows and Coppices for Corn Land, leaves it without a Doubt that the Quantity of Land so converted is much greater than what has been planted with Oak. Indeed the Generality of Plantations which have been made, for many Years past, are more of the ornamental than of the useful Kind.

No Plantations of any Extent have been made. Near Gentlemen's Houses, Variety of Trees have been planted for Ornament, few of which are likely to be of future Service to the Navy.

In most of the lately-planted Woods, Firs of various Kinds, and Poplars, from their quick Growth, have been preferred to Oak and Elm.

Very few of Oak, and more with a View to Underw ood than Timber.

Fewer Oaks than any other Timber.

Chiefly not fit for the Navy, though many interspersed.

In the Plantations which have been made, Elm, Ash, and Fir, have principally been planted, with a small Proportion of Oak Trees.

Of the Kind of Trees not fit for the Navy.

Of Kinds of Trees not fit for the Navy.

When Plantations are made, a Fourth or Fifth Part of the Trees planted are Oak.

The rest chiefly Scotch Firs, Larches, and Ash.

Trees not fit for the Navy.

Some few Noblemen have made Plantations of Oak, others are principally of Wood not calculated for the Use of the Navy, being of a much quicker Growth, and paying at an earlier Period a better Rent for the Land on which it is produced.

Immense Plantations of Fir, Birch, Poplar, Ash, Elm, and other Trees, have of late been made in every Part of this County. Some also, and those not inconsiderable, of Oak; but bearing no Proportion to those before mentioned.

Large Plantations have been made within Memory; and though planted with various Kinds of Trees, still they are generally well filled with Oaks. These Plantations are generally in light Soils; but the large Oaks now standing in Birk~ land, shew that Oaks in sandy Grounds will come to the greatest Size. These Plantations have been principally made within these Thirty or Forty Years; but comparing these with Wood Ground which have been destroyed, the Increase in Favour of Oak Woods must greatly counterbalance the Loss that may be sustained by some Wood Grounds being converted to other Purposes. These Plantations being in an Infant State, a long Time must elapse before they will be fit for public Use.

Plantations being made for Ornament, Trees of quick Growth have been generally preferred.

No Plantations of Oak or other Trees made of any Consequence.

The greater Part of our Plantations, I think, are of Trees not fit for the Navy.

4 Q Of

Eleventh Report Somerset -Of the Board Of -

Land Revenue. 0 *# //

______________,

Sussex Warwick -Worcester -

York

27i7j/

Merioneth -Montgomery

Brecon

Cardigan -Caermarthen Pembroke -Radnor

Bedford

Berks

Cambridge -Chester

Cornwall -

Derby

Devon

Dorset

Durham

Essex

Gloucester -Harris

Hereford -Hertford -Kent

Lancaster -Leicester -

I.

2.

3-

ik

2.

3-

l.

2.

1.

2.

1.

2.

3-

4-

13° Februarii. . 1792.

Of the Kinds of Trees not fit for the Navy.

Of the Kinds of Trees not fit for the Navy.

Very generally of both.

The Plantations are principally of Fir, but in most of them Oak and other Timber are intermixed with the Fir. They are chiefly of young Growth, and will not therefore be fit for Use under a great Number of Years.

Chiefly of Trees not fit for the Navy.

Generally for Naval Uses.

Not chiefly of Oak.

The Land in general is deemed too valuable to convert into Woodland, consequently what Plantations have taken Place within Memory, have been chiefly for Ornament, and not of the Kind of Trees fit for the Navy.

Very extensive Plantations are Yearly made in this Riding, but they are chiefly Larch, Ash, Beech, and Fir; some Oak, but generally upon Soils too thin for the Growth of large Oak Timber.

The Plantations which have been made within Memory have not been chiefly of Oak, but partly of Oak, mixed with Ash, Fir, Larch, and other Kinds of Trees not fit for the Navy.

Of Trees not fit for the Navy.

In some Parts mixed Forest Trees, in others mostly Fir.

The Plantations within Memory have been chiefly of Oak, Ash, Elm, Fir, &c.

The Plantations within Memory have chiefly consisted of Trees not fit for the Use of the Navy, but some Oak have been intermixed with them.

Scarce any Woodland producing Oak converted into Tillage within Memory, nor any. planted with Oak, or of any Kind fit for the Navy. Our Society give Premiums for planting all Kinds of Forest Trees, but none have been yet claimed.

Mostly of the Kinds of Trees not fit for the Navy.

Of the Kind not fit for the Navy.

Of the Kinds of Trees not fit for the Navy, principally of Ash.

Very little Oak has been planted; the chief Trees lately planted have been Fir, and other soft Wood.

Very few of Oak; chiefly Fir, and other soft Forest Trees.

Question 14.

Whether there are any Commons or Commonable Woods of considerable Extent in that County; and whether the Quantity of Timber growing in such Woods or Commons is considerable ?

Answers.

No Commonable Woods.

No.

Few or no Commons or Commonable Woods of that Description.

We have feAv or no Commonable Woods. The Forest of Delamere is a large Tract of Land entirely bare of Wood, and apparently not very favourable to the Growth of it.

There are Common Lands of great Extent, on which no Wood grows; but there are very few Commonable Woods, and if any, those belong to the Duchy of

Cormcall.

There are very extensive Commons in this County; but there is scarcely any Timber growing upon them. ’Those in the Northern Parts of the County, which include much the greatest Part of the Commons, are improper for the Cultivation of Oak.

No Commons or Commonable Grounds of considerable Extent in this Part of the County, with any Timber grow'ing thereon.

The Commons are very extensive, but no Timber growing thereon.

Tracts of Commonable Wood; but without much valuable Timber.

Answered in the Negative.

See Answer to Question 17.

In so large a County as this, there must be much Commonable Land; but the Timber on them I should think very inconsiderable.

Surely there are large Extents of Commonable Land that are not, but may have very great Improvements made on it, by making Plantations of Oak on it, as much of the Soil will be found very fit for the Purpose.

Large Commons, but small Quantities of Timber growing thereon.

There are many large Commons of great Extent, but very little Timber growing on them, as the greatest Part is cut and none planted, therefore the Scarcity will soon be felt.

The Commonable Woodlands in this County of the greatest Extent, and where the greatest Quantity of Timber grows, are the New Forest, Bere Forest, Holt Woods, and Waltham Chase, which are too well known to need any Comment.

There are no Commonable Woods.

There are few Commons in this County, and still less Timber growing upon them.

There are many Commons of considerable Extent, but none which produce Timber.

None of considerable Extent, nor the Quantity of Timber considerable.

None.

There

32 Geo. III.

Lincoln 1

Monmouth

Northumberland -Nottingham - 1.

2.

3-

4-

13° Februarii.

3 35

Oxford m

Rutland -

Salop - -

Somerset -

Stafford - -

Suffolk - 1.

2.

3-

Sussex - -

Warwick -

Worcester -

York 1.

2.

3*

Flint - -

Merioneth -

Montgomery - -

Brecon - -

Cardigan -

Caermarthen

Pembroke -

Radnor - i.

2.

There are extensive Commons without any Wood growing thereon; but not any Commonable Woods whatever.

The Woods in this Neighbourhood are not Commonable, but inclosed private Property.

Of no Extent, and the Quantity of Timber inconsiderable.

No Commonable Woodlands whatever in this County.

No Commonable Wood; the Timber on Commons being private Property.

There are not any considerable Commons or Commonable Wood in the County of Nottingham, except upon Sherwood Forest.

No Commonable Woods.

There are no Commonable Woods in this Part of the County, except

which it is presumed is so well known to Government, that it seems unnecessary to make any Observations on that Head.

There are many Commons, and some few Commonable Woods. The Quantity of Timber at present in Commons is very inconsiderable: The Quantity in the Woods might be increased, by giving a Right to Owners to prevent Waste and Spoil.

None.

I do not recollect any.

Great Numbers of Commons, but without Timber.

But little, except in the Forest of Needwood; and great Part of that has been cut down lately,

The Quantity very inconsiderable.

Many Commons of large Extent, but no Commonable Woods that we know of Little or no Wood is growing on any of the Commons.

No Commonable Woods, and the Commons not planted.

Not very considerable.

There are several large Commons, but not much Timber upon them.

There are few Commons of considerable Extent, but no Commonable Woods, and little or no Timber growing on such Commons.

Few Commonable Woods, and the Timber in them of little Value.

There are several Commons, but not many Commonable Woods, and the Quantity of Timber growing in such Woods or Commons is not considerable.

No Commonable Woods of any Extent.

None in this County.

I think there are no Commons or Commonable Woods in this County, being all private Property, and inclosed.

There are Commons and Commonable Woods in this County, but the Quantity of Timber in such Woods is not considerable.

We have very extensive Commons, but no Commonable Woods; such, I believe, there have been formerly, but not within Memory, as there are very extensive Tracts of Commons called Forests, and some of them now under Lease or Grant from the Crown.

There are not many Commons or Commonable Woods in this County, nor is the Timber now growing considerable.

Commons of large Extent, but no Wood on them.

There are no Commonable Woods.

There are no Woods of this Description.

There are no Woods of this Description, containing Timber, within the County; many Common Woods there are of small scrubby Oak Brush Wood, grow ing generally on the Sides of Hills, where there is not sufficient Depth of Soil to produce Timber of Size, were it ever so carefully preserved, nor indeed is the Soil of the County in general congenial with the Grow th of Oak Timber.

Jri Pritchard, an acting Magistrate for the County of Radnor. Dol y Villyn, 30th Janry. 1791.

EleventliReport of the Board of Land Revenue.

Berks Cambridge Cornwall -Derby

Devon Dorset Durham ~ Essex

Gloucester -Hants

Vol. 47.

Question 15.

Whether the Timber in such Commons or Commonable W'oods is well preserved, or suffers great Depredation and Waste ?

1.

2.

3-

4-

Answers.

Great Depredation.

See Answer to Question 14.

See Answer to Question 14.

The few Trees there are in such Commons, which can scarcely be called Timber, suffer every Sort of Depredation and Waste.

See Answer to Question 14.

Not preserved.

Not so well fenced and attended to as they ought to be.

See Answer to Question 17.

What little Timber there is, by no Means attended to.

It must suffer in its infant State, without Inclosure of some Kind.

By no Means well preserved.

Undoubtedly the Timber must suffer in its infant State very much, without Inclosure of some Kind.

The Depredations committed on the Woodlands in this County are really become very serious, and, without some effectual Stop can be put to them, the Consequences

Eleventh Report of the Hoard of Land Revenue.

Her ford -

Hertford -

Kent - -

Lancaster -

Leicester -

Lincoln.

Monmouth -

Northumberland.

Nottingham - 1. 2.

Oxford - -

Rutland - «

Salop - -

Somerset -

Stafford - -

Suffolk m 1. 2. 3-

Sussex.

Warwick -

Worcester - — -

York - 1. 2.

Flint - - °-

Mcrioneth -

Montgomery Jirecon -

Cardigan -Caermarthen Pembroke -Radnor u

Berks Cambridge Cornwall, -

Derby -

Devon - - i.

2.

Dorset -Durham -Gloucester -Hants - i.

2.

3-

Hertford -JCenf

iMncaster -Leicester -Lincoln - v

Monmouth

quences to this Country must be severely felt, before many Years are elapsed. The real Distresses of the lower Class of People occasion this Evil. Firing the y must have, and therefore every Risque is run to obtain it. Private Property is greatly injured, and if some Method be not adopted to supply these poor Wretches with Fuel, the Devastations must increase, notwithstanding the existing Laws for the Preservation of Timber are so severe.

See Answer to Question 14.

Timber is very little attended to in all Commonable Places.

See Answer to Question 14.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditt^.

Not attended to.

See Answer to Question 14.

Ditto.

The Timber not well preserved, and has suffered much Decay.

Timber of course must suffer great Depredation and Waste from Cattle and other Encroachments.

See Answer to Question 14.

I can have no Doubt, where there are Commonable Woods, that they are much injured. What is in Common will be neglected and injured.

No Timber.

Not much preserved.

It never is preserved.

See Answer to Question 14.

Ditto.

Great Depredation and Waste.

See Answer to Question 14.

Ditto.

The Timber of Commonable Woods is ill preserved.

The Timber in Commons and Commonable Woods is very badly preserved in general, and suffers great Depredation and Waste.

Suffer great Depredations.

See Answer to Question 14.

As there is no Timber upon Commons, the Timber in general is well preserved by the Owners on their own private Properties.

The Commonable Woods are ill preserved, and suffer great Depredation and Waste.

See Answer to Question 14.

It rather suffers Depredation and Waste.

See Answer to Question 14.

Ditto.

The Common Woods in this County are few, and them not preserved.

Question 16.

Whether on such Commons or Commonable Woodlands as have been divided and inclosed, any considerable Quantities of "Wood or Timber have been raised ?

Answers.

No.

See Answer to Question 17.

Very little to be found of this Description, and the Quantities of Wood and Timber raised on such as have been inclosed are not very considerable, the inclosed Common Lands having been chiefly as Appendages of a few Acres to Cottages, and as small Farms.

No considerable Quantity of Wood or Timber has been raised in Consequence of Inclosures.

See Answer to Question 14.

Some Parts of Commons have been inclosed, but no Timber raised thereon.

None.

See Answer to Question 15.

Very little, I should imagine.

That where such Lands have been inclosed, it has almost always been for Corn.

Very few.

Where Commons have been inclosed, in general, Corn or Pasture have been the Object, and not the raising of young Timber.

Very little Regard is had to Timber in any Commons inclosed in this County, though many of the inclosed Lands would in future yield a better Profit from being planted with Wood than in Tillage; but the Expectation arising from Land being fresh broken up, leads to present Profit and Advantage, more than to the Culture of Timber.

None have been divided or inclosed.

None.

No.

In the Commons which have been inclosed only a very inconsiderable Quantity of Wood has been planted in Holts.

The Commons which have been inclosed, have their Hedges in general planted.

Wood, but not Timber, has been raised.

See

337

32 Geo. III.

Northumberland -Nottingham - 1.

2.

Oxford

Rutland -

Salop -

Somerset -Stafford -

Suffolk - - i.

2.

3-

Sussex -

Worcester -

York - - i.

2.

3-

Flint

Merioneth -

Montgomery

Brecon -

Cardigan -

Caermarthen Pembroke -

Radnor

Berks

Cambridge -

Cornwall -

Derby

Vox.. 47.

13° Februarii.

Sec Answer to Question 14.

No considerable Quantity raised.

The Commons and Commonable Woodlands that have been inclosed, have in general been cleared and converted into Tillage.

No considerable Quantity of Timber has been raised in any new inclosed Common, as very little Part of such Inclosures has been ever planted.

None.

I do not know any Plantations of much Extent on such Commons as have bee.', inclosed.

None.

No.

Too inconsiderable to permit an Answer.

Certainly not. — Only Two Commons in the District have been inclosed, both of which are of late Date. Some Oak is probably laid in the Hedge Rows of these, but there is no Part of either allotted for Plantation.

No Commons inclosed in this Division.

Very little.

Where such Commons have been divided and inclosed, no new Plantations have been raised. B. , Chairman.

There have been few or none inclosed.

There have been Trees of various Kinds planted on parts of the Commons which have been divided and inclosed of late Years.

No Timber raised.

No great Quantity inclosed. Some little planting.

As there are no Commonable Woodlands in this County, consequently no Timber could be raised thereon.

The Commonable Woodlands not being inclosed, no great Quantities of Timber or Wood have been raised thereon.

None have been divided or inclosed, consequently no Wood or Timber raised.

There has been no Division or Inclosure of Commons or Commonable Woods in this County, in the Memory of Man.

Wm Lewis, Chairman, at a Quarter Sessions held for the County of Cardigan, 12th January 1791.

No Commonable Woodlands, nor any Timber raised on those which have been divided and inclosed.

There have been no Commons divided within this County, except Narberlh Mountain (which was formerly a Forest of Oak, but not within Memory) Cattle, Horses, and Sheep being permitted to browse on the young Shoots, farther back than we can remember. It is now all inclosed, and not One Oak planted, nor, we imagine, ever will be.

None.

Question 17.

Whether a further Division and Inclosure of such Commons or Commonable Woodlands would, in your Opinion, be the Means of increasing the Quantity of Wood and Timber?

Any other Observations or Information on the Subject of the preceding Questions, will be very acceptable.

Answers.

Yes. — No Observations. ——

Pen. Powney, Chairman of the Sessions, and Foreman of the Grand Jury.

Few Inclosures of Commons have taken Place in this County; and should they take Place hereafter, from the little Encouragement at present for raising Oak Timber, there is but small Probability that much would be planted, though the Soil, in many Parts of the County, is highly proper for its Growth.

James Nasmith, Chairman.

A Division and Inclosure of Common Lands wmuld, if w’ell planted, and kept well fenced, be the Means of increasing the Quantity of Wood and Timber.

Observation. Any Question on the Subject of Timber, in Cornwall, is a mere Jest, as there is scarce any but in the Eastern Districts, and that in no Abundance. From Appearances and Tradition, Cornwall certainly abounded with Wood in former Ages; but that so long ago as when the Phoenicians traded there for Tin, which was smelted with Fires made of Wood, by which Consumption the Woods have been destroyed.

N. B. Coppices which sold, 40 Years since, at from 5/. to 10/. per Acre, now bring from 12 /. to 18/. ----- --- — Coimwall, Sessions, 1791.

Fra’ Rodd, Chairman.

It does not appear, from Experience, that the Quantity of Wood and Timber would be increased by future Inclosures.

Observations. Another Reason should have been added to the Answer to the 8th Question, To what the great Decrease of Oak is to be imputed ? It has

4 R been

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

13° Februam.

A. 1792.

been shewn that, in consequence of ah other Wood decaying in Limestone Walls, the Oak has been entirely UBed for the main Beams, mid Side Trees, and all the Timber which, touches the Walls. But it may be necessary to add, that every small Piece of Timber used in the Roof is also of Oak, for the following Reason — great Part of this County, either from the Climate, or the Nature of the Soil, will not admit) of the Cultivation of Com, and little more is raised than will produce Straw for the Cattle. Thatching is of course very inconvenient, and the

Ncivcastle Tile is much preferred, and is now become very common; but the extreme Weight of these Tiles renders an Oak Roof indispensable. The Welsh and Westmoreland, Slate begin to be introduced; but as yet this is chiefly for Ornament, the Price so far exceeding that of the Tiles, as not to be compensated for by the Cheapness of Deal Spars, and any other Wood not touching the Limestone Wall, Deal being sufficiently strong to support the Welsh and Westmoreland Slate; but, supposing this Slate should ever be cheap enough for a general Use, it is apprehended the Newcastle Tile will continue to be preferred, and consequently the Roof wholly Oak to be used; for this Reason: — In this mountainous Part of the Country, deemed One of the highest Parts of ,the Winds are so

extremely tempestuous and violent, that the Lightness of the Slate renders it easy to be wasted away, whilst the Tile, from its Weight, better resists the Violence of the Wind.

This County is peculiarly supplied with fine Springs, and plentiful Streams of Water, which have introduced very large Cotton Manufactories, called Colton these are worked by Means of immense Wheels, the Shafts of which are made out of the largest Oak Trees which can be procured; and to make these, One hundred Pounds for each Oak Tree have been given. In the Construction of these Mills, in erecting the little Towns which surround them, for the Purpose of lodging the numerous Work People they employ, and the wooden Bridges thrown over the Streams of Water, for the Purpose of a Road tp these Mills, much Oak must necessarily be used, and some of the Sort most necessary for Navy Timber; but these Mills, and their surrounding Houses, being always in Vallies, are free from the Inconvenience of the Wind blowing off the Slate; and if the Materials of which they are built are not Limestone, Deal Timber is most frequently used, being ch preferred, where it can be so, both in Roofs and in Warehouse Floors, on count of its not bending under heavy Weight like Oak; and if bent, of its lerior Elasticity.

Having thus had the honour of answering the foregoing Questions, by Facts, and ' best Reasoning upon those Facts which I could submit to your superior Judg-nt; in consequence of your Permission, signified at the End of the Queries, I will :e the Liberty of adding One Observation, not immediately applicable to the leries, but connected with the Subject.

The Growth of Oak is a National Object, and requires the minute Attention Government. The Forests are the best Nurseries for it, where there should be oper Surveyors, and each Tree should be numbered, as is done on the Estates many private Gentlemen, to prevent Waste and Defalcation; and Returns

t present. Trees in Forests are classed under different Heads: and, if One is irticularly wanted, it easily changes its Name. There are also many Excuses r cutting dowm Timber in Forests. Ancient Mills, called King's Mills, claim by rescription the Right of cutting down Timber for Repair in these Forests; and: course much more is felled for this Purpose than is requisite. The Verde->rs and Officers of the Forests may superintend these Surveyors, as they do at resent the inferior Officers of the Forests, but they are generally Persons of too igh a Station to admit of their minute Investigation of the Care of the Timber, and lerefore it is no Disrespect to them to believe, that the Woodmote Courts, or any ther present Regulations, are very inadequate to the Care and Protection of it. — lut though these Reasons may not be conclusive, yet, for whatever Reason it may e, the Fact is, that there is very little good Timber in the Forests adjoining this bounty now left

Gentlemen,

I had the Honour to communicate your Letter, directed to me as Chairman, to the Magistrates assembled at the Quarter Sessions held for the County of Derby, on the tlth Instant; and the general Tenor of their Sentiments was, that the Oak Timber in this County had constantly and invariably decreased, from Tradition as well as from Time of Memory, down to the present Day.

After this unanimous Declaration of so respectable a Meeting, upon the general Question, any particular Answers to the Queries may be unnecessary. But I have thought it my Duty to state opposite each Query, such Facts and Reasons as, from my own Observation, and the Experience of others, I believe to be true and well founded.

ould be made at stated Periods, to an Office expressly appointed for the Purpose.

Ussington Hall, Derbyshire, JanT iSth, 1791.

Honble. the Cornm" of Land Revenue.

I am, Gentlemen, with great Respect,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Wm.

Wm Fits Herbert.

Many

32 Geo. III. 13° Februarii. 339

Devon - Many of the Commons, if divided and inclosed, would produce good Wood and Eleventh Report ' Timber. ,hf nBoard of Bridwell, near 25th Feb7, 1791. . __ ^v*°u y

2. Not in the least Arthur Kelly.

Dorset - No. D. R. Michel, Chairman.

Durham - It is too much the Practice to plant Ash in new Hedges, but Oak seems well suited to the Soil, as it grows very well in all Parts. John Eden, Chairman.

Essex - I conceive that this, and the Three preceding Questions, can only apply to the Forests in the County, and beg Leave to refer to the Gentlemen who are concerned in the Management of the Forests for an Answer to them. Th& B. Bramston, Chairman to the late Albemarle Street Quarter Sessions at Chelmsford, 21st March 1791. in Essex.

Gloucester - The more Lands there are of every Sort inclosed and consequently protected, I am convinced the greater Benefit is derived to the Public by the Increase of every Kind of useful Production.

I Gentlemen, As you seem to wish for all the Information that can be got on this Subject, I will add a few Remarks upon the particular Situation of this County. Upon the Upland Part of it, called the Cotsuold, there are considerable Tracts of Cover, belonging principally to Lord Cheduorth, Lord Bathurst, and the Bishop of Worcester, but in them I believe very little Timber of Sort or Size for the Navy, and no Water Carriage near them, except Lord Bathurst's, whose Woods are almost entirely Beech. The Forest of Dean, of which I understand a most excellent Survey has been lately taken, is the only Part of this County where there is any Quantity of Oak Timber, and that, from the Depredations that have been committed upon it, has decreased rapidly for many Years; indeed it was come to that Pass, that unless a Stop had been in some Degree put to it lately, good Oak would have become a great Rarity. Robbing the Forest of Timber or Deer was reckoned so much amongst the Rights of Men, that Prosecutions for either were ridiculous, as no Jury would ever convict. I tried Two Men, about Three Years ago, for assisting in stealing a very fine Tree; the Evidence swore they saw them cut the Tree down, load it, and go aw ay with it, and seized them walking by their Horses. The Jury, however, immediately acquitted them, and gave for their Reason, they did not think there was any Harm in it. However, since that Time there have been some Convictions. At the last Assizes One was transported, and another imprisoned for Twelve Months; and I understand from the Gentlemen of that Part of the Country, that the Waste is nothing like what it was. The Allotments that were made for the rearing of young Oak, and fenced out accordingly, have been broken into, and the Mounds thrown down by those lawless People in many Places; but by a few Examples, I hope that may be stopt also. I am sorry to add, that the Perquisites of Office (to call them by no worse Name) have been extremely lucrative to the Surveyors and Keepers, and by no Means advantageous to His Majesty's Rights. Charlton, Cheltenham, 1 bave ,he Honour to be, Gentlemen. a *i ’o.l Your obedient humble Servant, April l8th, 1791. ZW To the Comm" of Land Revenue.

Hants - - l. To be sure a Division of all Commonable Lands would increase its Value near Three Fourths; and if by Act of Parliament the Persons inclosing were bound to plant it with Oak (where the Soil would suit) it would tend to a very great Increase of it. Isaac Hobson, Foreman. The Answers of the Grand Jurors, Epiphany Session, 1791. R. R. Corbin, Deputy Clerk of the Peace.

2. Most certainly, if proper Provisions were made in the Acts for inclosure. Observation. We are unanimously of Opinion, that the Quantity of Navy Timber may be very much increased, if proper Regulations were made for the Protection of it, in the different Forests and Waste Lands belonging to the Crown in this County, which we think can never effectually be done until the Stock of Deer is reduced, and the Rabbits (which are very numerous) are kept under, and as far as is practicable destroyed. C. T. Kerby, Chairman. Hants, Epiphany Sess", 11th January, 1791.

3- The remaining Part of the Commonable Lands left uninclosed in the County are of a barren Soil, the greatest Part of it, not One Quarter Part of them fit for the

Vol. 47. Growth

340 13u Februarii. 1792.

Eleventh Report Hants continued of the Board of Land Revenue.

4-

Hereford -

Hertford -

Kent

Growth of Oaks. There may be some Scotch Firs raised on the gravelly and sandy Soil, which Soil is the greatest Part that is left uninclosed.

Easter Session, 1791. Ordered to be transmitted to the Honble. the Comm'* of the Land Revenue.

Peter Gauntlett, Clerk of the Peace for Hants.

On all Commonable Woodlands, wherever there is a Clump of Bushes impenetrable to the Cattle, young Saplings may be seen to shoot up spontaneously, which is a plain Proof of the Necessity of putting a Stop to the cutting of Bushes thereon, which is in general Practice, and that Inclosures are the only effectual Means' of preserving the Growth of Timber, provided it can be secured from Depredators.

Observation. Supposing it should be found expedient by the Legislature to adopt the Tax upon Dogs, for which several Counties have petitioned Parliament, would it not (if appropriated to the supplying of the Poor of the different Parishes with Fuel, under the Directions and Management of the Churchwardens and Overseers, instead of applying it to the Aid of the Poor Rates) be the Means in a great Measure, in preventing these general evil Practices ? This is merely a Suggestion.

Easter Session, 1791. Ordered to be transmitted to the Honble. the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Peter , Clerk of the Peace for Hants.

The County in general is very much inclosed, and has been so for Ages past. The Commons of the greatest Extent are on the Hills, on which I have no Doubt Trees would grow well, if they were properly planted, fenced, &c.

G. Comezcall,

Chairman of the Quarter Sessions, January 1791.

There certainly wants some Encouragement from the Legislature for planting Timber, and some Punishment for the wilful Spoil and Destruction of it: for though Rewards and Punishments are held forth, they do not sufficiently reward the one or punish the other.

Observation. There are in this County several Thousands of Acres of Land that would well answer planting much better than in being kept in Tillage; and on which the Four usual and useful Sorts of Timber might be raised, and the Soil seems well adapted for it — Clay and Gravel mixed, on which Oak grows well, a Soil adapted for Elm, and Chalk and dry Soil for Ash and Beech.

Cha' De Laet, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions, 10th January, 1791.

There is hardly any Ground within this Description.

I know of no other Information which I can give upon the Subject

fVm Deedes, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions

for the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent.

These Questions are so properly answered by Mr. , that it only remains

for me to signify my Agreement with him in those Answers.

P. Cromp, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for West Kent.

Lancaster -

Leicester -

Lincoln - - 1.

2.

Monmouth

Northumberland -

Inclosing Commons has not increased the Growth of Timber, being generally applied to Tillage.

Observation. We conceive that Encouragement should be given for the Propagation of Oak for the Use of the Navy.

Booth Gore, Foreman of the Grand Jury.

Lancaster, March 23d, 1791.

No. Jit Simpson, Chairman at the Epiphany Sessions

for the County of Leicester.

In a small Degree.

Lincolnshire, Holland. The preceding are true Answers to the Questions proposed by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue. J.Linton, Chairman of the General Quarter Sessions.

Timber is increased more in Inclosures, than it can in Open Commons.

The Parts of Kesteven, in Lincolnshire.

Bourn, January 14th, 1791. George Pochin, Chairman.

I think it would.

Llanwern, Monmouthshire, January 31, 1791.

See Answer to Question 14.

Rob1 Salusbmy.

Observations. By the Records of Elizabeth it may be seen that Orders were given to destroy and burn the Woodlands in the Northern and Western Parts of

this

Nottingham -

\ .

Oxford

Rutland

Salop

VOL. 47.

130 Februarii, 341

this County, adjoining upon Scotland, as great Bodies of Moss Troopers and other Banditti secreted themselves in these Woods, from whence they issued out and made great Depredations; which Orders were strictly executed, as will appear from the Answers to the foregoing Questions. — For the Encouragement of the Growth of Oak Timber in this Kingdom (as it may be thought a National Object) by the Renewal of W oodlands with Oak, or making Plantations of the same, it might be enacted that every Person renewing the W oodlands with Oak, or making Plantations of the same, should be allowed at the Rate of lfijr. for every 1,200 so planted in the Woodlands for each Acre, and 12^ for every 1,200 in Plantations, for each Acre, the same to be certified for, at some one of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, the Money to be paid by the Treasurer, and he repaid by the Receiver General of the Land Tax in the County. — In the Certificate of Oak Trees planted, the Woodlands and Plantations should also be certified for, as being well and sately fenced-in. The Reason for the different Prices of Oak is, that in W oodlands it is necessary for Oak to he Two Feet high, or they would be choked by the Grass; in Plantations they ought to be Two Years old Seedlings. Acorns might be inserted also at the Rate of 5 s. per Winchester Bushel per Acre. 1,200 Oak on an Acre is sufficient, they could be filled up with Larch or Scotch Fir, the latter to be cut out if the Oak throve: One Statute Acre would not support more than 400; each Tree being, and ought to be, 43 Feet Distance from the other.

12th January 1791. Xmas. Sessions.

W* Oj'de, Chairman.

Not increasing it.

Henry Sedley, Chairman.

Nottinghamshire, Easter Sessions, 1791.

A further Division of Commons and Commonable Woodland would be converting it to a more useful and profitable Purpose, the barren Parts of which would, in all Probability, be planted and preserved, and Increase the Growth of l imber, which for Years past has been much diminished.

Most certainly would increase it in a great Degree, particularly if Power were given (with little Expence and Difficulty) to Lords of Manors to inclose Part of Commons, or Owners of Commons (with the Consent of Lords of Manors) or Owners of Land in Common Fields, to inclose their owTn Lands for Plantations. And the collected Opinion of the Magistrates is, That every Encouragement should be given by the Legislature for promoting such Plantations, as at present this County does not produce more than sufficient for its oxen Consumption.

Chrisr Willoughby, Chairman.

O.ijord, 11 th January 1791.

The Commonable Land upon which any Timber grows is so small as to be no Object.

If any Trees arise on Commons, they will certainly be destroyed. If Inclosuve of Commons were more general, probably some Parts might be appropriated for the Purpose of raising Timber.

Cruckton, 14th February, 1791. Edd Harries.

Joseph Lexdale, Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of Salop.

Salop. General Observations on the State of Oak Timber, &c.

There are, perhaps, few Counties in the Kingdom, of equal Extent, that have more abounded with fine Oak Timber than this. Since I have given Attention to the Subject (a Period of about Thirty Years) the Supply from hence for the* Navy, and other Uses, has been very great, and it has chiefly been conveyed away by the Navigation of the Severn. Perhaps during the Period above mentioned, there may have been sold from thence to the Amount of 200,000l. I do not immediately recollect more than Two or Three Gentlemen in the County, whose Estates would furnish sufficient Timber for a Seventy-four Gun Ship. Our Underwoods are still of considerable Extent, and if the young Oak Plants that have not been cut down were carefully preserved, future Groves of venerable Oaks might still be raised. I know Two or Three Instances in which it has been successfully practised.

I have formerly, in a public Manner, expressed my Sentiments on the Advantage to the Public and Individuals, from an Attention to the keeping up a sufficient Quantity of Oak Timber for Domestic Purposes, but more particularly for the Navy, — Upon private Properties of considerable Extent, a comparative small Proportion of an Estate, w’ell selected for the Purpose, wrould be an accumulating Fund, which might at a distant Period amount to a considerable Sum, and the Annual Income that would have been received from it, w'ould scarcely be perceived. I am inclined to think that the Annual Income of a given Quantity cf Land, that would let for 15$. per Acre, if put out to Interest for One Hundred Years, and Compound Interest made upon it, will produce more Money than the Timber will be worth upon such Land, at the Expiration of that Term; but this is scarcely practicable for some Years, and where do we find Families so provident

4 S for

Eleventh Report of llie Board of Land Kcvcnuc.

342 13° Febmarii. A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of I^and Revenue.

Salop continued.

Somerset -Stafford

for so long a Period ? There have been many Instances of a small Part of an Estate, upon which Oak Timber, hath grown, having sold for as much as the V alue of the Soil of the whole Estate. Perhaps Land which can be cultivated by the Plough, and will produce above 15 Bushels of Wheat per Acre, and other Crops in Proportion, is of more Value to the Public, from the Labour and Food arising from it, than from its being appropriated to the Growth of Oak for a Century. But we have much Sideland uneven Ground, where Cultivation cannot take Place; such may with great Propriety be set apart for the Growth of Timber. Oaks flourish best in strong Soils inclining to Clay.

There can be no Doubt that Russia, Norway, and America, which

abound with immense Forests, will at all Times supply us with Timber, and take our Manufactures in Barter. The Deal of these Countries is admirably adapted for every Purpose of erecting Buildings, and I have found it generally used in our large Cities and Towns. In this County we can still build as cheap with Oak as Deal. It appears therefore to me impolitic to have laid additional Duties on it. In some other of the Interior Counties Oak is still used in erecting and repairing Farm Houses and Buildings. If Deal was the cheaper Material, the Oak would be preserved for the Uses it is so peculiarly adapted to How far it may be necessary to have a Supply and Succession of English Oak for the Use of our Navy, I cannot determine, but it seems to be the principal End of this Enquiry. Nor can I determine in what Degree it is superior to the Growth of other Countries, or whether other Kinds of Timber may not be substituted for it. If the keeping up of our Navy to its present Extent be necessary to the Security of the Nation, and British Oak is so much preferable (as it is said to be) to any other, then the only eligible and certain Mode of obtaining it (as appears to me) is to appropriate such Part of the Public or Crown Lands to the sole Purpose of producing it, if the Soil is proper; this I have formerly recommended. The Forests of Dean, Epping, and New Forest, both in Point of Situation and Soil, are "ell adapted to the Purpose; and probably there are many others. Judicious Directions for executing such a Work may be met with in various Writers on the Subject of planting, particularly in Dr. Hunters fine Edition of Evelyn's Sylva. If the present Opportunity is omitted, and the Crown Lands are granted away or sold, it cannot be expected that private Gentlemen, who generally look to present Income, will think of raising Trees, from which Posterity may reap a Benefit One hundred Years hence.

I ought to make some Apology for thus singly presuming to give my own Sentiments, without the Concurrence and Assistance of the whole Bench of Justices. Other public Business engaged their Attention, this was more congenial to my Taste.

I am Gentlemen, respectfully,

Cruckton, 16th Feb. 1791. Your obedient Servant,

To the Commissioners of the Edzt( Harries.

Land Revenue. Joseph Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of Salop.

Shropshire. At the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of Our Sovereign Lord the King, held at the Shire Hall in in and for the County of Salop, on Tuesday in the Week next after the Close of , (to wit) the

Third Day of May, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord 1791, before Thomas Eyton, Esquire, the Reverend Sir Thomas Edwardes, Baronet, Charles Thomas Knight, Thomas

Browne the Y ounger, John Gardner, Thomas Thomas Harries, Row-

land Hunt, Adam Ottley, and Edu ard Harries, Esquires, Edmund Dance, and John Powell, Clerks, His Majesty’s Justices, assigned to keep the Peace in the County aforesaid, and also to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trespasses, and other Misdemeanors, in the same County done and committed:

Upon reading the Letters from the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, the Questions put by them to the Justices for this County respecting Oak Timber, the Answers thereto, and General Observations thereupon, by Edward Harries, Esquire;

Resolved unanimously, That the said Answers and General Observations are approved of by this Court, excepting that the Quantity of Oak Timber sold amounts to nearer Four than Two hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved unanimously, That the Thanks of this Court are given to Edward Harries, Esquire, for the Trouble and Pains he has taken upon this Occasion.

By the Court. J Lexdale.

' See Answers to Questions 14 and 16. J. Berkeley Burland, Chairman.

Epiph. Sessions, Somerset, 1791 -

No. John E. Heathcote, Foreman, of the Grand Jury.

11th March, 1791.

Suffolk

13° Februarii,

343

Suffolk

Sussex

Warwick

York

Vol. 47.

i.

2.

Certainly. Eleventh Report

Observation. Underwood, particularly Blackthorn Bushes, in Hedge Rows Land6Ke°veru^!

that spread Two or Three Rods wide, is the true Nursery of Oak Timber: hut ____________

such Rows are a dead Loss and Nuisance in a well-cultivated Country. England possessed in the past Age a great Plenty of Oak. Why ? Because Cultivation was in a barbarous State. It is the Improvement of the Kingdom, a Thousand Times more valuable than any Timber can ever be, that has w rought the very good and proper Diminution of Oak; and it is to be hoped the Diminution will continue, for if it does not, the Improvement of our Soil will not advance.

While we are forced to feed our People with Foreign Wheat, and our Horses with foreign Oats, can raising Oak bean Object? The Average Oak ot Suffolk, of loo Years Growth, is worth 5/.; and let it grow in a Hedge, W ood, or Field, it has at that Age done Ten Pounds worth of Mischief. There are Soils (not in this County) singularly favourable to the Growth of Oak, and yet yielding not more than 8$. to 10.9. an Acre. On such, Oak would pay, but the Crop to be Timber only, and no Cattle ever admitted. But where is the Owner who will sow a Crop of too Years? Vanity does something; it does at present more than it ought to do, by planting Soils not of the right Sort The Scarcity of Timber ought never to be regretted, for it is a certain Proof of National Improvement; and for Royal Navies, Countries yet barbarous arc the right and only proper Nurseries. Buy Oak, as you buy Fir to build your Houses. There is Oak enough within Reach of the Adriatic for a Million of Ships of 100 Guns each. Proposals were made (as I have been informed) to Administration concerning those Woods, as a Supply for England, but no Eur given, as they had it elsewhere cheaper.

Thd Preston, D. D. late Chairman of the Quarter Sessions, Bury, Suffolk.

In all Probability an Inclosure of the large Commons would tend to the Increase of Wood, as the raising of Hedges, in consequence of laying out the inclosed Fields, w’ould become necessary.

Sirs, Bungay, Suffolk, Jan. 12, 1791.

The Clerk of the Peace laid the Letter and Queries before the Bench of the Quarter Sessions held Jan. 10th, at Beccles, for that Division of the County of Suffolk; and I have the Honour to transmit to you the'Answers unanimously agreed upon. This Division comprehends only the Hundreds of Mutford and Lot king land, Wang ford and Blything; and if you consult the Map of Suffolk, you will see it extends upon the Coast from Yarmouth to Aldborough (both exclusive) comprising about 40 Miles of Coast, and in no Part extends Inland above 20 Miles, in few Places nearly so much. The Lands near the Coast are chiefly sandy, and the cold North-East Winds we are subject to in the Spring are peculiarly inimical to the Growth of Timber; and in this Part the largest Commons are situate. The Western Side of the Division consists of good Land, and much Timber has been grown there, but it is at present in a very decreasing State. Some large Plantations have been made, and a great deal of young Oak is growing in some of them, but the Planting bears no Proportion to the Decrease. If any further Explanations be necessary, I shall be ready to give all Information in my Power. I presume you will receive Answers from the Chairmen of the other Divisions, the Clerk of the Peace having prepared Copies for each.

I am, Sirs,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Tho1 J. Woodward\ Chairman.

To the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

3-

1.

2.

Inclosures under a Public Act may be the Means of increasing the Growth of Wood and Timber.

Frd Capper, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the Division of Woodbridge.

O

Decreasing. Rich4 Nash, Chairman.

An Inclosure of Commons would certainly increase the Timber.

May4th 1791. Signed as the Opinion of the Justices assembled at their Quarter Sessions, holden at JVaru kh the same Day. C. JDewes, Chairman.

Decreasing the Quantity of Timber, if in the Hands of small Proprietors.

Chris' Sykes, Chairman of the East Riding, Yorkshire Sessions.

A further Division and Inclosure of such Commons and Commonable Wood Lands, I think, would be the Means of increasing the Quantity of Wood and Timber.

Observation. Upon Acts of Parliament being made for inclosing Commons, especially where the Crown has any Interest, perhaps it may be advisable to require a certain Portion of them to be planted with Wood.

JVm Chaylor,

Spennithorne, 5 th March 1791.

344 13° Februarii. A. 17

Flint

Merioneth -

Montgomery

Brecon

Cacrmarthen

Pembroke

3-

It would be the Means of preserving the Woodlands, provided, on every Inclosure, a certain Proportion was to be set apart and effectually fenced, and Estovers totally abolished.

Observation. A total Freedom from Assessments for Oak Trees at Thirty Years Growth, and a Premium from Government to be paid as a Bounty to those who preserve Oaks, or any other Timber Wood, to be paid in proportion to the Square of the Timber above Thirty Years old, such a Reward might possibly be beneficial, and encourage the Preservation of Timber fit for the Navy. All Wood Perquisites to Rangers and Verderors in the Royal Forests to be abolished, and the Kings Deer to be confined in Parks, as they are the most destructive of all Animals to the Growth of Wood.

By the Court,

Thw JVybergh, Clerk of the Peace.

If proper Means were taken. Sir Thmm ffawKr> Bar, Chairmaa

If there was Timber upon Commons, I should imagine it would be the Means of increasing the Quantity of Wood and Timber, except in some Parts of the County upon the Sea Side, where, I think, the Sea Winds would be prejudicial to them.

J. Price, Chairman.

The Division and Inclosure of Commonable Wood Lands would, in our Opinion, greatly increase the Quantity of Wood and Timber.

Tho’ Chairman of the Quarter

Sessions held at Montgomery, the 13 th January 1791.

This is a Question of mere Matter of Speculation, which I cannot pretend lo answer. Most certainly if Lords of Manors were, or could be, obliged by Law to set apart, inclose, plant, and preserve a certain Portion of Common, the Quantity of Timber would in Time be increased.

Observation. We have in this County Coppices of Oak of considerable Extent, which, if strictly preserved only according to the Letter of the old Acts of the 35 H. VIII. C. 7, and 13 Eliz. C. 25, (now, I believe, looked upon as

obsolete) would furnish more than sufficient Oak Timber for Domestic Uses, and some to spare for the Use of the Navy, for which good Purpose we have very little in the County at present.

Cfia. Powell, Chairman of the Castle Madock, near Brecknock, Quarter Sessions of the County

Janry. 21, 1791. of Brecknock.

There are many Commons in this County which, with proper Regulations *nd Inclosures, may be rendered very productive of useful Timber; and the inclosing and dividing of those Commons would be of the greatest Service to the Country.

G. , Chairman,

January 15th, 1791.

We do not think a further Division will be the Means of increasing the Quantity of Wood and Timber.

Observation. We apprehend, that as we have lost the American Colonies, and it is possible, if not probable, that the Northern Powers may hereafter unite in order either to raise the Price of Oak Timber to us, or else totally to withhold it from us, as shall from Time to Time best suit their Purposes, it is incumbent on Government to endeavour to raise, within our own Kingdom, a sufficient Quantity of Oak for the Supply of the Navy. In order to obtain this, we apprehend that the Forests and Chases should be cleaned, planted, inclosed, and preserved from Deer, &c. and not shamefully neglected and plundered, as they have hitherto been. We likewise apprehend, that if Government would give Premiums for planting Oaks in those Hills and other Places which are well sheltered from Winds, and adjoining to Water Carriage, it would be of great Advantage to the Public. There are in this, and almost in every County, such Places, which are now of very little Value to the Owners. The inclosing and planting of them will be attended with great Expence, and no Advantage, or next to none, in Comparison of the Expence, will accrue to the present Generation; and therefore, unless Government will lend a helping Hand, these Places will never be planted. We apprehend also, that whoever accepts of such a Premium should be obliged to preserve and secure the Plantation from Cattle for so many Years, and should not be at Liberty to cut the Oaks till they squared so many Inches, but only to weed them, under the Inspection and with the Approbation of an Inspector to be appointed by Government.

John Philipps, D. D.

Williamston, Chairman of the Quarter Sessions

January 14th 1791- for the County of Pembroke.

345

Radnor

l. This may be a great Improvement,

County of Radnor.

At the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the said County, this 4th Day of May 1791.

Edw. Edwards.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revanut#

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Vol. 47,

ANSWERS from the Counties of Norfolk and Northampton: Received after the foregoing Schedule was prepared.

Answers to Question 1. Page 314.

It is certainly diminished in some Parts of the County, but not generally so.

See Answer to Question 3.

To Question 2. Pa. 316.

The Quantity of such Timber, growing in Woods, appears to be inconsiderable, and neither much increased or decreased.

See Answer to Question 3.

To Question 3. Pa. 317.

The Timber in the Hedge Rows is decreased, owing to the Circumstances mentioned in the next Answer.

The Quantity of large Oak Timber, fit for Naval Purposes, is diminished within Memory, and this Decrease is both in Woods, and in the Hedge Rows of ancient inclosed Fields.

To Question 4. Pa. 318.

From the Conversion of Pasture Land to Arable, the Enlargement of Farms, and above all the mischievous Practice of both Farmer and Poor, of trimming up and cutting off all the lateral Branches, the Trees in the Hedge Rows are few, and little worth in many Places.

The Growth of Elm and Ash Timber, in the Hedge Rows of new Inclosures, in tins County, is much encouraged, much more so than Oak Timber, because Ash and Elm bear less Heads, are less prejudicial to the Fences, and, being of quicker Growth than Oak, yield Profit sooner, which gives them with most People a decided Preference.

To Question 5. Pa. 319.

There is in every Part of the County proper Attention paid to the leaving young Saplings, which are never barked at the Second Fall, nor felled for Country Uses, Fir being in almost general Use, except were Oak is absolutely necessary.

The general Management of Woodlands in this County tends to the Preservation of Oak Saplings; although it is usual for the Purchasers of the Underwood to be at the Expence of cutting it, yet they are not permitted to cut a Oak Plant with the Underwood.

The Labourers employed by the Owners of the Wood to fence the Wood Sales, are the Persons commonly employed by the Purchasers of the Underwood to cut that Underwood; and if any of those Men were known to cut a Oak, however small or unlikely to become Timber, he would be instantly turned out of his Employment. The Word is used here in Contradistinction to the Stools of Oak, of which there are many in several Woods arising from the Roots of Oak cut at a former Sale; these Oak Stools are always considered as Underwood, and cut accordingly. The Oak Saplings thus left are not cut at a Second Sale, but left to stand for Timber, such only excepted as are not likely to become good Trees.

To Question 6. Pa. 3-21.

The Timber in the County of Norfolk was always well situated for Removal; and though the Roads are much better than formerly, yet the Price of Land Carriage is increased from 3d. to 6d. per Load per Mile, within the last Twenty Years, which may be accounted for from the high Price of Horses, and the extra Charge of keeping the m. There is no Navigable Canal in the County — Nor have larger Supplies of Timber been sent to the Dock Yards on the above Accounts.

See Answer to Question 7.

To Question 7. Pa. 323.

There are very few or no Parts in this County which are, or ever were, inaccessible, nor any great increased Facility of Carriage; therefore no greater Quantity of Timber has been felled on those Accounts.

The Improvement of the Roads, and easy Communication by Water, have considerably increased the Value of Timber, and have been a Means of conveying from this County large Supplies of Timber to the Dock Yards, which probably might not otherwise have been felled, particularly from the upper Part of the County, from whence there was not, until about Thirty Years, any ready Conveyance by Water to the Sea; and where the Expence of Land Carriage, from the Badness of the Roads, added to the Distance from the Navigable Stream,

4 T made

13* Februarii. A. 1792.

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

Northampton

Norfolk

made it not so material an Object to the Proprietor to cut down any large Quantity of Timber, beyond what was necessary for the Consumption of the Neighbourhood, as it has since been. The Quantity of Oak Timber cut down within Thirty Years, in this County, has been very considerable, and such a Proportion as it is believed the Woodlands in the County will not be able permanently to supply.

To Question 8. Pa. 325.

The Use of Oak Timber for Building, &c. is certainly diminished, for the following Reason; to wit, from the Cheapness of Fir Timber, and the great Ease with which it is worked and converted to Use.

The Use of Fir Timber in Buildings has become pretty general in this County; the increased Price of Oak Timber, the present ea6y Conveyance of Fir Timber into the County, and the Difference of Workmanship in favour of Fir, are Reasons for the Decrease of Oak Timber in Buildings, and for the Preference given to Fir.

To Question 9. Pa. 327.

The Price of Oak Timber, for Carpenters and Country Uses, is very little, if at all, increased within the last Forty Years, for the Reason mentioned in the foregoing Answer.

The Price of Oak Timber, for Carpenters and Country Uses, within the last Forty Years, has increased from about 1 or 14 to 16 or 17 per Cubic Foot.

To Question to Pa. 328.

The Use of Coals is much more general than formerly, partly perhaps owing to the Improvement of the Roads, but more to the Decrease of Pollard Trees and Hedge Rows. The Value of Firewood is somewhat increased.

The Improvement of Roads, and the Navigable Streams in this County, have introduced Coal, and it is generally used for Fuel; but, notwithstanding this, the Demand for, and Value of, Underwood, have much increased.

To Question 11. Pa. 330.

There are few or no Hops grown in this County, and the great Timber Trees are not more cut down for the Benefit of the Underwood than formerly.

Although Underwood has increased in Value, yet it is not understood that Proprietors now, more than formerly, make a Practice of cutting down large Timber, merely for the Preservation of the Underwood; if a larger Number of Trees already Timber, but which by standing would still increase in Size, are at any Time felled, beyond the usual Fall, in any particular Woods, it may be done to satisfy the Occasions or the Pleasure of the Proprietor.

Hop Poles are not used in this County.

To Question 12. Pa. 331.

It is generally thought there has not, for upwards of 50 Years back.

It is not understood that Woodlands have of late Years been entirely grubbed up, and converted into Tillage, in the County.

To Question 13. Pa. 333.

From about Twenty to Forty Years back, Scotch Firs, and other soft and ornamental Wood, were much planted. Since that Time Oaks have been much more planted and sown.

There are some few modern Plantations, and many Avenues of different Softs of Timber Trees have been planted within Memory, but more of Elm than Oak.

To Question 14. Pa. 334.

There are not many Waste or Commonable Woodlands of any considerable Extent ' in this County, and the Quantity of Timber growing in those few which there are, is not considerable.

- See Answer to Question 17.

To Question 15. Pa. 335.

"What few Timbers there are seem to have little Care taken of them.

In general they suffer much Depredation.

- See Answer to Question 17.

To Question 16. Pa. 336.

- The Commons and Commonable Lands which have been divided and inclosed, have been either large Arable Field or Pasture Land, which has been chiefly, on its Inclosure, converted to Arable; of course no great Quantity of Wood can have been raised upon them.

See Answer to Question 17.

To Question 17. Pa. 337.

A Division and Inclosure, under proper Regulations, might possibly be the Means of increasing the Quantity of Timber; but, unless there was 6ome Compulsory Clause inserted in the Act, to set apart a certain Proportion for the Growth of Wood, such Lands would chiefly be used in Tillage.

General

32 Geo. III.

Northampton

139 Februarn. 34*7

General Observations. The Growth and Improvement of Oak Timber is certainly a Matter of so much Consequence, and of such great National Concern, that the Want of it cannot be too greatly dreaded, or Precautions for the Prevention of it too soon adopted. However, at present, there docs not seem to be in this County any just Ground to apprehend the Want of it, at least of small Timber. The only Two Ports of note here, fur building and repairing Ships, are, Yarmouth and Lynn, in which there has been no Alteration in the Price of Oak Timber for many Years, except only pmall occasional f luctuations in it; and if the Price of large Oak Timber have in the Kingdom at large increased, as it is said to have done, from 7*. 6d. to 105. per Load, it should at the same Time be remembered, that the Consumption of Oak Timber, between the Years 1777 and 1783, Six Years only, was more than for the preceding Twenty-three Years. In the Year 1783, I am informed, there were Forty-three Sail of the Line, and Fifty-two 40 Gun Ships, building in the public and private Yards, besides Ten East India Ships of Nine hundred Tons each.

Finch, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Norfolk.

There yet remains a considerable Quantity of Timber in the Commonable Woods within this County; but the young Saplings in these Woods (being those of the Forests and Chases) suffer great Injury from the Cattle which depasture therein: Few but such as are protected by Thickets of Bushes ever rise into Timber; there cannot be any Doubt but Timber is best preserved, and of the fairest Growth, in those Woods and Places where Cattle arc not suffered to range, as it is very difficult so to secure the young Standils as to prevent the Neat Cattle (great Numbers of which when young are turned into these Commonable Woodlands) from injuring these Standils or young Saplings. It is evident, if these Commonable Woodlands were inclosed, it would be a Means of increasing the Quantity of Wood and Timber; for by such Inclosure the Woods would be kept clear of Cattle, the Produce from Acorns would be more numerous, and the Woodmen would have a better Choice of Plants for Growth; they could preserve the fairest Saplings, and could leave them at proper Distances from each other.

Thomas Sessions, 1791.

Spencer, Chairman.

N*

Copy of a Contract with a Timber Merchant for the Supply of Timber to His Majesty’s Dock Yards; with a Clause relative to the Expence of long Carriage.

Contracted and agreed, on the 9th April 1789, with the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, for and on Behalf of His Majesty, by me Trevor Nicholas, of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, Timber Merchant, and I do hereby bargain and sell to His Majesty, and oblige myself, free of all Charge to His Majesty, to side and deliver into His Majesty’s Stores at Plymouth, by or before -

2.

mas next, the Straight and Compass Oak Timber, Thick-stuff, and Knees, under mentioned, at the Prices, and on the Terms and Conditions, of the Sided Contract of 28th May 1777; Also, to deliver the Elm Timber, Oak Plank, and Treenails following, at the Prices there expressed; the same having been viewed by Mr. Thomas Harrison, Purveyor, and reported in his Letter of 14th last Month to have grown at Llan-cillo and Marnichead, in the County of Monmouth, and Beach and Galley, in the County of Hereford, and appears to be sound and good, and fit for His Majesty’s Service; viz.

VOL. 47.

Quality.

Eleventh Report of the Boiud o| Land Revenue.

13® Februarii.

A. 1792.

Quality. Quantity In Contents. In Length. To square at those To square Price per Load, &c.

in Lengths not less at the

Loads. Top End.

Meeting. Lowest. Meeting. Lowest. than Pounds. Shillings. Pence.

Feet. Feet. Feet. Feet. Inches. Inches.

Straight Oak Timber - 6 150 128 32 26 12 10

D* - 9 112 95 32 26 12 10

D" - 13 90 77 28 24 12 10

D* - - 13 70 60 28 24 12 10

Compass D" - 13 112 95 - - - 9

D° - 29 90 77 - - - 9

D° D° -D* - - 39 95 99 80 70 6.5 68 60 55 - - - 9 9 9 See Sic 28U ed Contra May 177 LCt of 7-

D# - 69 58 49 - - - 9

Thick-stuff, of 5i - 4

[Square j _ 6 30

Knees j & I - 5 20 13 -

[Raking J - 4 12 8 j

Elm Timber 9 170 145 33 26 12 10 Three Fourteen

D" - - 8 120 102 32 26 12 10 Three Four

D° - " 6 90 77 28 24 12 10 Two Eighteen

With an Addition of Ten Shillings per Load for such Elm Timber as shall, upon Conversion, prove fit

IF Keel Pieces for (\a trim Shins onrl nnvvnrrla meetiner in T.enfrth «t F‘ lowest PV

English Oak Plank!

4 Inches J 3

English Oak dry seasoned Sussex Tree nails, full, cut out of young, dung, tough, Coppice Timber, or other Timber equal in Goodness thereto

6 4 - - 28 24 to to C O0 12 11 11 10 Seven Six

In*. K* Per Thousand.

36 long - - 1,000 - ~ - Thirteen

33 - - - - 1,000 - - - Ten Nineteen Three

1 30 - - . 1,000 - - - Eight Eighteen Six

27 - - 2,000 - - Six Nineteen Nine

24 - - - - 2,000 - - - Five Seven

21 - - - - 1,000 - - - Three Eighteen Three

18 - - 2,000 - _ - Two Eleven Six

15 - - 1,000 - - - One Sixteen Six

12 - - - - 3,000 - - - One Seven Six

With an Addition, on all the said Oak Timber, Knees, Thick-stuff, and Oak Plank, of Half of what the Land and Water Carriage shall amount to, above the Sum of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Load, provided it does not exceed Fifteen Shillings per Load; which Addition, in the present Case, is Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Load.

I do oblige myself, that all the said Timber, &c. shall be good, sound, merchantable, well conditioned, and in all Respects fitting'for the Service of His Majesty's Navy; and to send into His Majesty’s Stores, first such of the feaid Timber as shall be directed by the Officers of Plymouth Yard, or the Person who shall be appointed to attend the Siding thereof, who is to be paid by the Contractor; and that the Timber shall be marked, for the Information of the said Officers, before the same shall be sent to the Yard; but in case of any being delivered, which from Defects or inferior Quality is refused, it is hereby agreed the same shall be removed and taken away by me, at my own Expence; and if not timely done, the Officers of the Yard shall have Power to return it, and abate the Expence of unloading and re-shipping it from my Bills.

To have Bills made out for the said Goods, but not tjll the Contractor delivers a Proportion of Plank

and Treenails to the straight Timber delivered, and of the Treenails of 30 Inches and upwards, in proportion to the shorter ones; which Bills are to be paid in Course, according to the Rules of the Navy; but if it should happen by the said Course of Payment, that any of my Bills shall be unpaid me above Six Months from the Time of their being brought to the Navy Office, and there entered and numbered, then I am to be allowed Interest, after the Rate of Four Pounds a Year for each Hundred Pounds, from and after the said Six Months, until my Money shall be paid me.

It is agreed, that for such Part of the Oak Timber, Knees, Thick-stuff, and Oak Plank, as shall be felled with the Bark on between the 1st of December and 15 th of Febmary inclusive, and shall be known to be

so felled by the Purveyor, and by him marked as Winter-felled, I am to be allowed the Sum of Seven Pounds Five Shillings in each Hundred Pounds over and above the Prices before mentioned given for the said Timber; but in case it is not felled with the Bark on, no Allowance is to be made, notwithstanding it may be felled within the aforesaid Time.

It is likewise agreed, in case the said Contractor shall fail of delivering all the aforesaid Timber, &c. into Store by the Time before limited for that Purpose, that then an Abatement of Ten Shillings oq each Load,

c and

13° Februarii.

349

and in Proportion thereto for each Thousand of Treenails, shall be made in the whole Quantity hereby contracted for, and the same deducted out of the Bills which shall be made out to me in pursuance of this Contract

And lastly, It is agreed, that in case the Discount on Navy Bills shall be above Five Pounds per Cent, at the Time any Bills shall be made out to me in pursuance of this Contract an Advance shall be added to each Bill of so much Money as the Discount above the said Five Pounds per Cent, on such Bill shall amount to; the Rate of which Discount is to be ascertained by Castaing's Paper of the Prices of Stock last published, preceding the Day of the Date of my Application for such Bill.

Trevor Nicholas.

Witness,

In‘ Margetson.

(Attested)

Geo. Marsh.

Navy Office, 29th December 1791.

Gentlemen,

We have received your Letter of the 24th Instant, desiring to be furnished with a Copy of the sided

Timber Contract of the 28th May 1777 > an^ if that does not set. forth the Proportions of each Article referred to in the Contract transmitted to you with our Letter of the 18th May 1789, that you may have a Copy of some General Contract expressing those Proportions, and the Terms on which they are supplied: In return thereto we acquaint you, that we are apprehensive the sided Contract alluded to will not afford you further Information that you may want with respect to sided Timber, than is contained in an Account sent you from this Office, dated the 12 1791; to which may be added, that the Chock or Offal Timber arising on the sided Contracts, is paid for at the Rate of £3. \2s. 6d. per Load. The sided Contract does not set forth the Proportions of each Article that is usually contracted for, nor is a general Contract ever entered into, each Contract specifying the precise Quantity of every Article contracted for; we therefore send you herewith an Account of the Proportions of the Articles alluded to; and if this Account, together with that of the 1 2th May last, should not be found sufficient on the present Occasion, a Copy of the sided Contract shall be transmitted, as you desire.

We are,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient, humble Servants,

Henry Martin,

J.

Geo. Marsh.

Commissioners of Land Revenue.

PROPO RTION, &c. of the several Articles usually inserted in Contracts for Oak Timber, whether rough

or sided;

Knees

Thick-stuff of

In*

4 Loads to every 100 Loads of Oak Timber; One Third of which are to be square.

10 to 9 - - 15 Loads'1

si - - 7 *

8 - - 7

7 5 ' - - 10

7 - - 10

61 - - 121

6 - - 12 k

51 - - 12I

5 - - 12*

IOO

To every 1,000 Loads of straight Oak Timber, and in the same Proportion for any lesser Quantity. This is common to all the Y ards of late, excepting,

as large Ships have been built, and are building, at every other Yard.

The Proportion of Thick-stuff in general, for Sheerness, is as follows; viz.

Of - - 81 In-

8

n -7

6i -6

51 -

5

- 71 Loads.

- 7 i

- 12 1

- 12*

- 15

- 15

- 15

- 15

IOO

Plank Oak of

Elm Timber -Treenails

Vol. 47.

Length.

Meeting. Lowest.

4 In4 -f 28 23

» T 26 22

3 In' 24 20

} 15 a<^sl to every 100 Loads of straight Timber.

10

liUUUO w luv; ajUUUO ui vy uiv x j uivv. ----- — - ~ |-

tion is occasionally increased to 7 Loads, when the Service require it.

A Quantity is inserted in every Contract, which, as well as the Sue, is regulated by the State of the Stores at the Time of making the respective Contracts.

4 U

Eleventh Report of the Hoard ni‘ Land Revenue.

13° Februarii-

A. 17

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue,

N* 13.

Navy Office, 22d August, 1787.

Gentlemen,

In Answer to your Letter of the 18th of May last, requiring to be furnished with a State of the Quantity of Timber that has been cut for the Use of the Navy, in the several Forests, Parks, and Chases belonging to the Crown, since the Year 1730, to the latest Period; distinguishing

The Date, and the Quantity of the different Kinds, in each Fall;

To what Yard delivered;

The Expence thereon; and.

The Price of the Timber;

We herewith send you Copies of the said Accounts; and are,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

Commissioners of Land Revenue. Cha‘ Middleton.

J. Heqslow.

Geo. Marsh.

The following is an Abstract of the Accounts transmitted with the foregoing Letter.

ABSTRACT of Accounts transmitted by the Navy Board to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; shewing the Quantity of Timber supplied from each of His Majesty’s Forests, for the Use of the Navy, from the Year 1730 to 1787, and at what Yards delivered.

Where delivered. Quantity. TOTALS.

OAK T 1 M B E R.

L'*. F*. Loads. Feet.

Portsmouth - - - 46>525 21

Plymouth - - - 512 25

Woolwich - - - 129 —

47,166 46

Plymouth - - - 17,889 9

Deptford - - - 921 3

Woolwich - 1,230 —

20,040 12

Deptford - - - 210 19 210 19

Deptford - 6,758 44 6,758 44

Deptford ... 1,863 24 1,863 24

Chatham - - - 1,216 48 1,216 48

Total Oak - - 77,256 43

BEECII TIMBER.

Portsmouth - - - i5,9°6 47 15,906 47

Plymouth ... 149 10 149 10

Total Beech 16,056 7

From what Forest.

New Forest -

Dean Forest

Windsor Forest -

Whittlewood and Salcey Forests Holt Forest -

Sherwood Forest -

New Forest Dean Forest

t

N- 14.

STATE of the Quantity of Oak Timber growing in the several Forests under mentioned, in the Years 1608 and 1783.

By Surveys taken in 1608. By Surveys taken in 4-783, and since*.

Number of Timber Trees. Value. Quantity, Girt Measure, computed at 105. per Load. Decayed Trees. Value. Number of 1 Timber Trees of 30 Feet and upwards. Quantity, Girt Measure. Scrubbed, dotard, decayed, and defective Trees of ail Sizes. Quantity, Girt Measure-

New Forest 123,927 £ s. d. 57,856 10 8 Loads. H5,713 t 118,072 Loads £. s. d. 10,211 10 2 32,611 Loads Feet. 33,666 — 2,067 Loads Feet. 1,713 —

Aliceholt Forest - 13,031 6,604 7 — 13,208 23,934 Loads 1,795 2 — 9>136 6,985 18 21,353 5,924 2

East Beere Forest 5,363 2,129 4 6 4,258 8,814 Loads 661 1 — 256 161 3 530 175 3

Whittlewood Forest 51,046 25,755 45,568 % 360 Trees 123 6 8 5,211 4,820 23 10,768 7,200 5

Salcey Forest 15,274 11,951 23,902 440 Trees 140 13 4 I 2,918 2,497 8 9,565 5,653 42

Sherwood Forest 23,370 15,79° 3',58o 34,900 Trees 9>338 6 8 Ij 1,368 2,326 22 8,749 14,889 —

232,011 120,086 2 2 234,229 22,269 19 10 5L500 50,456 24 53,032 35,555 2

CjS

to

o

w

o

Note. — The Average Value of the decayed Trees in the Three Forests, where the Number of Loads is mentioned, being about 20 ^d.per Load, the Number of Loads of decayed Trees in the other Three Forests, computed at the same Rate, must have been as follows:

In Whittlewood Forest ——

Salcey Forest ——

Sherwood Forest -

And the Total N8 of Loads of the decayed Trees, in all the Six Forests above named -

1,472 Lh73 11 i,iSo

265,145 Loads

The Timber in Sherwood, Forest not having been surveyed in 1783, the Quantity is here supplied from a Survey taken in 1789.

t IniVew Forest, the Number of the Timber Trees in the Survey in 1608, is stated to be 123,927, and their Value 57,856/. 10s. 8d. but the Quantity of the Timber contained in those Trees is not specified in the Survey. — In their Report on that Forest, the Commissioners of the Land Revenue computed them to have been of equal Size with those of One Load and upwards, in the Survey in 1783; in which Computation they thought themselves warranted, not only from their being called Timber Trees, and trom what is subjoined to the Survey itself, concerning the Size and Age of the Trees in general, but from many similar Expressions in other Papers in their Possession, referring to the Surveys made at that Time. After the Delivery of that Report, however, the Commissioners found other Surveys of the same Year, in which Oak Timber is valued at 105. the Load; and, as this seemed to afford a more certain Mode of ascertaining the Quantity, they adopted it in subsequent Reports, and have thought it right here to estimate the Quantities by the same Rule; according to which the Number of Loads of Timber then in New Forest must have been 115,713, as above stated.

X The Number of the Timber Trees in Whittlewood Forest is mentioned, in the Survey in 1608, to be 51,046; and their Value being stated at 25,755 /. the Quantity of that Timber, computed at the Rate of 10$. per Load, must have been 51,510 Loads; but in order to make the Comparison a fair one between the Surveys of 1608 and 1783, a Deduction has been

made for certain Coppices in that Forest, which belonged to the Crown in 1608, but at the latter. Period were private Property; and the Number of Loads is therefore reduced to

45,568. — Vide Report on Whittlewood Forest.

The whole Number of Timber Trees in 1608, in the Six Forests above named, being 232,011, and their Quantity, computed in the Manner above explained, being 240,171 Loads, (reckoning the Whole Quantity in Whittlewood Forest at 51,510 Loads) the Trees must have contained, one with another, about 51 Feet each. It therefore became necessary to extract from the modem Surveys the Timber Trees of the Classes which came nearest to the same Average Size, which were found to be those of 30 Feet and upwards. ► — v

i — 3

t

352

13° Febru

N* 15.

A. 1792.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Pine Timber and Deals, imported into Great Britain, in the Years 1721, 177L and

1790; distinguishing each Year.

England only - 1721 -

Great Britain - 1771

D* - - 1790 -

TOTALS.

Hundred

Deals, Ordinary. Deals, Spruce. Pine Timber. Pine Boards and Plank.

C. qrs. N°. C. qrs. IS'0. Loads. Feet. Pieces. Loads. Feet. Pieces. C. qrs. No.

32,574 1 l6 3L749 2 29 Above 20 Feet. ! 495 2 15 1 i 530 3 2 376 2 17 Under *20 Feet. 41,090 0 25 Deal Ends. 4,469 3 11 23,085 3 — p‘- 97.943 33 & 160 211,803 42 — 6,147 15 & 600 3,077 12 — & 470 2 27 2,081 217

ENGLAND only. GREAT BRITAIN.

1721. 1771. 1790.

C. qrs. N°. 33,105 — 18 j C. qrs. N°. P. 32,597 — 13 760 C. qrs. N°. 48,137 1 8

N°. 3,972,618 N". 3,912,413 N°. 5,776,478

Loads. Ft. !|' 23,085 3 Loads. F‘. 1,040,000 48 Loads. Ft. 214,881 4

Custom House, London, Nov'. 1 ith, 1791.

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

N° 16.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Oak Timber and Plank, imported into Great Britain in the

Year 1790.

- 0 / 1 K.

Timber. Plank.

Loads. Feet. Loads. Feet.

s 1 0 05 3,393 41 6,606 15

Custom House, London, Novr. 11, 1791.

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

13° Februarii.

353

Eleventh Report of the Board of

JJo Land Revenue.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, belonging to the several Ports in Great Britain, in the Years 1755, 1760, 1765, 1770, 1775, 1780, and 1785; distinguishing England from Scotland.

ENGLAND. SCOTLAND.

Years. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons.

1755- - - 7,215 473,328 No Account re ceived prior 1759.

1760 - 6,105 .433,922 976 52,818

1765 - - - 7,076 542,566 1,308 75,136

1770 - - - 7,898 593,962 1,509 88,849

1775 - - - 7,544 605,974 1,559 91,320

1780 - 6,789 534,512 1,493 84,341

1785 - - - 7,926 751,626 1,827 107,980

N. B. — The above is the best Account that can be prepared, according to the Modes then in Use of ascertaining the Tonnage of Vessels, which was seldom done by actual Admeasurement; and the Account contains only such Vessels as either entered, or cleared, at their respective Ports, Once in the Course of each Year; consequently those that were absent from their Ports during the whole Year are not included.

J. Dailey,

Assistant tojhe Register General of Shipping.

N* 18.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Trading Ships, with their Tonnage, which appear by their Registry to have been built in England and Scotland, the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Man, and the British Plantations, in the Years 1787* 1788, 1789* and 1790; distinguishing each Year.

Where built; viz. 1787. 1 788* 1 00 In 1 79°-

Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons.

In England - 745 77,996 668 60,598 500 49,108 455 49,202

Scotland - 190 13,547 172 12,788 120 8,448 106 7,206

Jersey ... 3 90 1 13 1 257 1 184

Guernsey ——

Man - 5 Ill 7 134 6 214 14 277

British Plantations - 210 11,970 201 13,312 200 13,063 148 ii,558

Total - - - M53 103,714 1,049 86,838 827 71,090 724 68,427

J. Dailey,

Assistant to the Register Gen1 of Shipping.

Gentlemen,

In Answer to the Letter which I had the Honour of receiving from you Yesterday, requesting my Sentiments as to the Causes of the Decrease in the Number of Ships Annually built in this Country of late, I beg Leave to submit the following Ideas:

The regular Decrease in the Number of Vessels Annually built, which appears in the Table lately sent to you from the Custom House, I apprehend arose in a great Measure from our having gradually augmented Shipping to the Amount necessary for carrying on our Trade; and when arrived at that Point the future Supply would of course be confined to the Tonnage required for replacing the Annual Expenditure by Decay, by Shipwreck, and by Sale to Foreigners, and likewise by such Additions as the increased State of our Trade Vol. 47- 4X might

354

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

might demand. The Decrease in the Year 1790, is not, however, altogether to be attributed to these Causes. Vessels are not known to the Custom House until they are registered. And in looking over the Books, I find many Vessels were not registered for Eight or Nine Months after they were built. The Account of the Year 1790 was made up in June last, and consequently does not include many of the Vessels built the preceding Year. But a proper Account of those Vessels will be had when all the Registers of the Year 1791 are transmitted to the Register General of Shipping in London.

To whatever Causes this Decrease may be attributed, it certainly arose in no Degree from a Decline in our _ Trade, as the Value of our Imports and Exports, during the Years stated in the Account, appears, by the Statement which I lately transmitted to you, to have increased in a Proportion greatly exceeding any former Period. I have the Honour to be, with much Respect,

Gentlemen,

Custom House, London, Your most obedient and most humble Servant,

February 2d, 1792. Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Exports and ' Commissioners of the Land Revenue. Imports of Great Britain.

N* 19.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, belonging to, and registered at, the several Ports of His Majesty’s Dominions, on the 30th September 1788, 30th September 1789, and 30th September 1790; distinguishing England, the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man, the British Plantations, Scotland, and Ireland, and deducting the Number and Tonnage of such Vessels as were employed in the Service of Government; and also, distinguishing, as far as the same can be done, the Number and Tonnage of such of those Vessels as were built in the Dominions of the United States of America.

Ships, with their Tonnage, and how registered; Men

r Ai British-built. For Foreign European Trade. \ As Prizes made free. Total. and Boys usually employed.

Ships. Tons. Ships. Ions. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons.

8,869 9.53,270 69 20,272 420 81,757 9,358 1,055,299 79,859

117 8,003 2 279 39 3,359 158 11,641 1,073

1,094 62,291 9 642 265 21,493 1,368 84,426 7,442

1,802 137,159 15 3,304 47 8,722 1,864 149,185 13,236

62 1,949 1 211 - - 6.3 2,160 260

973 54,289 11 2,316 32 4,172 1,010 60,777 6,055

12,917 1,216,961 107 27,024 803 119,503 13,827 1,363,488 107,925

27 3,736 —

12,917 1,216,961 107 27,024 803 119,503 13,800 1-359,752 107,925

In the Year 1788.

England

Guernsey, Jersey

Plantations

Scotland

Man

Ireland -

Employed in the Service! of Government and registered - - -J

Of which were built in! the United States of America - - -J

1789:

England

Guernsey and Jersey Man -Plantations -Scotland Ireland -

Employed in the Service! of Government, and re- >

gistered

Of which were built in the United States of, America -J

See the Year ending the 30th Septr 1790.

See the Year ending the 30th of September 1790.

9,100 983,791 57 19,362 401 75,221 9,558 1,078,374 80,209

125 8,775 2 279 30 2,622 157 11,676 1,012

66 2,i37 66 2,137 261

1,239 65,502 *5 1,268 257 20,581 i,5n 87,351 8,116

1,883 141,157 12 2,174 43 7,939 1,938 151,270 13,043

1,030 57,238 15 2,817 35 4,309 1,080 64,364 6,231

13,443 1 1,258,600 101 25,900 766 110,672 14,31° i,359,i72 108,962

i 1 j 33 4,349 —

*3,443 I 1,258,600 101 25,900 766 110,672 14,277 1,354,823 108,962

In

32 Geo. Ill

13° Ftbru,

355

Eleventh Report

Ships, with their Tonnage, and how registered; viz. Men of the Board of Land Revenue.

and Boys

In the Year r 1 1C UAL.

1790. As British-built. For Foreign Lurcpean Trade. As Prizes made free. usually employed.

Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons. Ships. Tons.

England ... 9>596 1,039,311 57 19,251 400 75,9^9 10,053 1,134,531 83,325

Guernsey and Jersey 140 9,896 2 279 26 2,298 168 12,473 1,070 276

Man ..... 73 2,153 73 2,153

Plantations - C349 72,294 9 756 220 17,549 1,578 90,599 8,106

Scotland - C959 144,101 10 1,922 38 6,561 2,007 152,584 13,041

Ireland - 1,087 61,425 16 2,977 33 4,081 1,136 68,483 6,738

Employed in the Service] 14,204 1,329,180 94 25,185 717 106,458 15,015 1,460,823 12,556

of Government, and [ registered -J 35 4,610

14,204 1,329,180 94 25,185 717 106,458 14,980 1,456,213 112,556

Of which were built in]

the United States of 1 America, and now exist- ing -J 424 67,346 —

The Year 1787 is omitted, because the British Plantations, Jersey, Guernsey, Man, and Ireland, were not included in the Account of that Year.

Dailey,

Assistant to the Register Gen1 of Shipping.

Vessels registered at the several Ports in His Majesty’s Dominions, on the 30th of September 1790, as above ----- - 15,015 1,460,823

Vessels employed in the Service of Government on the 30th of September 1790, exclusive of such as were registered, as per Account N° 20. 139 20,167

15,154 i,480,990

K° 20.

ABSTRACT of Returns of the Number and Tonnage of Vessels employed in His Majesty’s Service, in the Departments of the Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, Customs, Excise, and Post Office, on the 30th of September 1790.

Departments. Number of Vessels. Tonnage.

Navy - - - 24 8,090

Victualling - 14 751

Ordnance ----- 53 7,020

Customs - 35 3,217

Excise - 10 593

Post Office - 38 5,106

174 24,777

Whereof registered - 35 4,610

♦ " - 139 20,167

VOL. 47.

13° Februarii,

A. 1792.

N° 21.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Value of Imports and Exports to and from Great Britain, in every Tenth Year, from 1700 to 1780, both inclusive; and a similar Account in each Year, from the latter Period to the Year 1790, inclusive.

Imports. Exports,

£.s. d. £. s. d.

England, only - - 1700 5,907,175 1 10 7,302,716 8 7

1710 4,on,34i 7 4 6,690,828 15 2

1720 6,090,083 15 1 7,936,728 16 6

1730 7,780,019 9 2 n,974,i35 14 1

1740 6,703,778 10 6 8,869,939 15 5

1750 7,772,o 39 12 5 15,132,004 3 1

Great Britain - - 1760 10,683,595 10 4 16,665,278 5 1

1770 13,430,298 3 1 16,636,872 4 —

1780 11,714,967 7 11 13,689,073 12 6

1781 12,723,613 16 1 11,470,388 14 8

1782 9,714,096 8 7 12,554,36o 8 10

1783 13,122,235 8 — I5,63i,905 7 —

1784 15,272,802 — 3 12,733,756 6 10

1785 16,279,419 1 6 16,769,72 9 7 9

1786 15,786,072 7 5 17,653,546 8 2

1787 17,804,014 16 1 18,296,166 12 11

1788 18,027,170 1 3 18,124,242 15 1

1789 17,821,102 10 7 20,060,020 2 7

1790 19,130,886 5 3 21,643,953 1 2

Custom House, London, Nov. 11th, 1791.

Thomas Irving,

Inspector Gen1 of the Imports and Exports of G. Britain.

N° 22.

An ACCOUNT of the Number and Tonnage of Vessels built in the several Provinces undermentioned,

during the Years 1769, 1770, and 1771.

Newfoundland Island St. John's Canada Nova Scotia New Hampshire Massachusets Rhode Island Connecticut -New York -New Jersey -Pensylvania -Maryland Virginia North Carolina South Carolina Georgia West Florida Bahamas Bermudas

built. 1769. 1770. 1771.

r Top Sails. Sloops and Schooners. Tonnage. t T P Sails. Sloops and Schooners. V Tonnage. ( Top Sails. Sloops and Schooners. \ Tonnage.

- - 1 30 , - - . _

4 50

" 2 60 - - 1 15 4 3 233

~ * " 3 no i 2 200 1 3 140

- - " 16 29 2,452 27 20 3,581 15 40 4,991

— - 40 97 8,013 31 118 7,274 42 83 7,704

- 8 31 1,428 16 49 2,035 15 60 2,148

" - 7 43 1,542 5 41 1,522 7 39 1,483

" " - . 5 14 955 8 10 960 9 28 1,698

- - " 1 3 83 2 70

- 14 8 1,469 18 8 2,354 15 6 1,307

" "* - 9 11 1,344 7 10 1,545 10 8 1,645

m " " 6 21 1,269 6 15 1,105 10 Q 1,678

~ - - 3 9 607 - - 5 125 - - 8 241

" - 4 8 789 - - 3 52 3 4 560

" - 2 50 - - O J 57 2 4 543

" " 1 - - - 80 - - 1 10 - - 2 24

"* " " " - 4 42 - - 7 135 - - 6 137

' 1 47 1,047 1 48 1,104 - - 48 1,098

115 338 21,370 120 34i 22,174 133 357 26,150

Gentlemen,

I urn sorry it is not in my Power literally to comply

Inspector General’s Office,

Custom House, London, January 7th, 1792.

with the Application contained in your Letter, for an Account

t

13° Februarii. 357

Account of the Number of American-\i\i\\t Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which were employed Eleventh Report in the Trade of Great Britain anterior to the late War; and, from the Nature of the Intercourse which then oft, ie Board of subsisted between those Colonies that now constitute the American States, and the other Parts of the Empire, /'ami RfVcllut-I am inclined to think that there are no Means in any other Office by which such an Account can be made up with Accuracy.

The Account which I have now the Honour of transmitting to you is taken from the Books of my Office, when I was Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of North America.

As Vessels were registered in a loose Manner, with respect to the Quantum of Tonnage, before the Act of the 26th of His Majesty passed, it may not be improper to give the following short Explanation upon that Head.

Vessels, in order to evade the Payment of Light House Money, and various Port Charges collected upon Tonnage, were generally registered considerably under the real Burthen. I have in many Instances compared, in the same Vessels, the Amount of the registered Tonnage under the Act of King William, with the admeasured Tonnage under the Act of the 26th of His Majesty; and I have found the Average Proportion to be as Two is to Three; that is to say, Vessels that were registered under the Act of King , of the Burthen of 100 Tons,

have generally measured about 150 Tons; therefore, in order to give the real Tonnage, I have made out the following Statement:

1769. 1770. 1771.

Registered Tonnage - 21,370 22,174 26,150

Add One Half - - 10,685 11,087 13,075

Real Tonnage - - 32,055 33,26i 39,225

I have been at great Pains to form, from the Books and other Papers of the Office which I formerly held in America, the best Estimates that the Nature of the Case would admit of, respecting the Tonnage of American-built Shipping in the British Trade, prior to the Separation of the Two Countries; and I am of Opinion, that about 210,000 Tons of such Shipping were constantly employed in the Trade of Great Britain, and in the other Branches of our Trade, from which Vessels built in the American States are now excluded; and, in order to keep up this Stock, about 17,000 Tons were Annually supplied lrom the now American States.

As we possess at this Time upwards of 350,000 Tons more of Shipping than we did in the most flourishing Period before the late War, the Presumption is. that we have not only added the 17,000 Tons Annually had from the American States to the Ship-building of this Kingdom, but that there is further also an increased Demand for Ship Timber, in Proportion to the Increase of our Navigation.

I have the Honour to be, with much Respect,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient and most humble Servant,

Thomas Irving.

N° 23.

Navy Office, 12th May 1791.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Tonnage of the Royal Navy, at the End of each Reign, from that of Henry the 8th to the End of the last Reign, or as near to those Periods as the Books of this Office will shew.

Year. Tons.

At the Demise of Henry the 8th, 1547 - - 12.455A

Edward the 6th, - 1553 - - 11,065

Mary - - - 1558 - - 7,110

Elizabeth - - 1603 - - I7.no

James the 1st 1625 - - uncertain )

Charles the 1st - 1649 - - Ditto.

At the Restoration ----- 1660 - - 57,463

At the Demise of Charles the 2d - 1685 - - 103,558

At the Abdication of James the 2d 1688 - - 101,892,

At the Demise of William the 3d - 1702 - - 159,017

Anne - - - - 1714 - - 167,171

George the 1st - 1727 - - 170,862

George the 2d 1760 - - 321,104

Mem1.

There is no absolute Certainty that the Tonnage of these several Periods is perfectly correct, there being no proper or regular Accounts in Office, of the Ships of the Royal Navy at the said Periods.

VOL. 47.

4 Y

13" Februarii.

A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

N* 24.

Navy Office, 26th March, 1789.

An ACCOUNT of the Tonnage of all the Ships or Vessels belonging to the Navy, at the Time of His Majesty’s Accession, in October 1760; and also on the 31st December last.

In October On 31st December

1760. 1788.

Tons. 1 Tons.

Tonnage of aft the Ships or Vessels belonging to the Navy - 321,104 413,667

N° 25.

s

Navy Office, 16th May 1791.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Foreign Oak Timber, Plank, and Thick-stuff, received into each of His Majesty’s Yards, from the 25th October 1760 to the 31st December 1788.

FOREIGN.

Oak Timber. Planks. Thick-stuff.

YARDS. Loads.

Deptford 443 7,635 58

Woolwich ----- -- 5,029 7,731 931

Chatham ----- -- 4,235 8,671 456

Sheerness ----- -- 45 2,527 26

Portsmouth - - - 5,666 11,129 A ro

Plymouth ----- -- 801 9,193 457

Total - - - 16,219 46,886 2,356

Estimated Quantity of Timber, in rough Contents, sup-"( posed to be necessary for producing the same - -J 40,547 70,329 5,890

N. B. Knees are included.

N# 26.

Navy Office, itith May 1791*

An ACCOUNT of the Foreign Plank (as nearly as it can be estimated) used by Merchant Builders, in the Construction of Ships of War for His Majesty’s Service, from the 25th October 1760 to the 31st December 178S.

Foreign Plank of and 3 Inches ----- - 14,002 Loads.

Estimated Quantity of Timber, in rough Contents, supposed to

be required for producing the same - - - - 21,000 Loads.

Mm".

Not any Foreign Timber or Thick-stuff has been used, in any of the King's Ships which have been built in the Merchants Yards.

Load#.

Amount of Foreign Oak Timber, in rough Contents, 17

- & ’{70,329

I 0,890 J

comprised in the Account N° 25 D* - - - in the Account N° 26

Total -

Loads.

116,766

21,000

137,766

A

N* 27.

Navy Office, 26th March 1789.

An ACCOUNT of the Stock of English Oak Timber and Knees (in rough Contents) at the several Dock Yards, at the Time of His Majesty’s Accession, in October 1760; and also on the 31st of December last.

IN STORE.

YARDS. October 1760. 31 December 1788.

Deptford - Loads. 5,026 10,169

Woolwich - -- -- 3.518 7,126

Chatham - -- -- 11,462 8,878

Sheerness - -- -- 1,233 1,412

Portsmouth ----- -- 8,856 13,156

Plymouth - -- -- 6,103 4,491

Total 36,288 45*232

359

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

N° 28.

Navy Office, 16th May 1791.

An ACCOUNT of the Stock of Foreign Oak Timber, Plank, and Thick-stuff, remaining in the several Dock Yards, on the 25th October 1760 and 31 December 1788.

FOREIGN. rj >_ eg a. a> Q Woolwich. Chatham. co i> a <v JO £ ZJ 0 £ <ii +-> Plymouth. TOTAL. Estimated Quantity in rough Contents.

Loads. Loads. Loads. Loads. Loads. Loads. Loads. Loads.

Oak Timber, 25th October 1760 ——

31 December 1788 — ’ — — — — 70 70 _ 175

Plank, 25 October 1760 208 ' 606 720 238 1,082 686 3,540 5,310

31 December 1788 481 520 38l 84 1,009 966 3,441 5,l6l i

Thick-stuff, 25 October 1760 — — 121 3 311 — 435 1,087 i

31 December 1788 - 1 1 2 I

Totals in rough Contents.

1760. 1788.

Oak Timber - - - - Nil. 1/5

Plank - - - - 5,3io 5,i6i i

Thick-stuff - - - - 1,087 i 2 i

6,397 r 5,339

N° 29.

East India House, May 12th 1791.

Gentlemen,

In consequence of your Application to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, to permit me, as their Surveyor of Shipping, to answer such Questions as you might think proper to put to me, I received their Commands to communicate to you every Infor-V()L. 47.

mation that you might desire. I have accordingly considered the Questions sent to me from your Board with the utmost Attention I am capable of; and have given the fullest Answers thereto in my Power, which are inclosed herewith.

If any Thing that I have suggested may be of the least Service to the Public, it will give me the highest Satisfaction; and I shall at tdl Times be

happy

360 13° Februarii. 1792.

Eleventh Report happy to communicate any further Information in of the Board of Power.

Land Revenue. J T

_____ ____, I am,

Gentlemen,

your most obedient,

humble Servant,

Gab1

The Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

QUESTIONS proposed by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to Mr. Gabriel Snodgrass; with his ANSWERS thereto.

Question i. Does your Opinion continue the same that you gave before the Committee of the House of Commons in 1771, on all the Points on which yo(i were then examined ? — If not, be so good as to mention in what particular Points it is altered.

Answer. My Opinion continues the same in all Respects, as at that Time, except on the following Points; viz1.

Respecting the Building of Ships in Docks, my Opinion is altered. I now think the Building them on Slips to be preferable; 'and if they are to stand any Time to season, before they are launched, a Shed or Roof should be built over them. But 1 still continue of the same Opinion, that the laying up old Ships in Docks, under Cover, would be very proper; and that a few Experiments of this Kind ought to be made in some of His Majesty’s Yards, before it is generally adopted.

In the Copy of my Letter to John , Esquire,

printed with the Report- of the Committee in 1771 (Page 35) it is said, that Ships may go Eight Voyages to India in Twelve or Fourteen Years: This must be a Mistake, as I never thought of Ships going more than Six Voyages in that Number of Years.

In what is said Page 36 of that Report, respecting the not building Ships for the Navy in the Merchants Yards, my Opinion is also altered: I am now certain, that it would be much for the Interest of the Nation, and for the future Good of the Navy, if Government were to contract for Ships of War to be built-in private Yards, in Times of Peace, or whenever there is but little Work in those Yards; as proper Time may then be allowed for the Building and Seasoning of them, and proper Attention paid to the Materials, Workmanship, &c. And this Measure, for Two good Reasons, ought to be adopted: First, that Government may always have a Succession of seasoned and durable Ships, at a moderate Price, which would prevent the Necessity that arises, in Time of War, of building Ships in great Haste, and with green Materials, which certainly 'is the principal Cause of the rapid Decay of Ships that are built in this Manner, and of the bad State of many of the Ships of the present Navy, and also of the extraordinary Expence and Consumption of Timber in building and repairing of them: And, Secondly, that the Shipwrights in the private Yards may find constant Employment, which would increase their Numbers, and continue them in this Country, and be highly advantageous to the Nation in Time of War. The Contractors may also undertake building Ships in the King’s Yards by the Shipwrights employed in those Yards, and Slips may be separated from the rest of the Yard by a Fence put up for that Purpose.

It has been suggested, by some Gentlemen, that , Ships of War built in the Merchants Yards are not so durable as those built in the King’s Yards. This certainly is a great Mistake, if the same Time is allowed for the Building and Seasoning as in the King’s Yards, or the Fault must be with those who form the Contracts, and should see they are complied with; 4s it is well known and allowed, that the Merchant Builders'buy

sounder and better Timber, in general, than what is received into His Majesty’s Yards for the Use of the Navy; consequently, if Ships built in the Merchants Yards w ere allowed a sufficient Time for seasoning, &c. and properly attended to while building, there is no Doubt but they would be equal, if not superior, to Ships built in any of His Majesty’s Yards, and at a much cheaper Rate. For if the prime Cost of a Ship of War, built in the Merchants Yards, was compared to the real Expence of building one of the same Dimensions and Scantlings in the Kings Yards, I much doubt whether the Difference of the Sums would not be found nearly as Pwo to One.

Questions. What is the Number of British-built Ships, at this Time in the Service of the East India Company, on the Establishment? And what is their Tonnage?

Answer. There are now 91 British Ships built and building on the Company’s Establishment, and the Amount of their Tonnage is about 79,913 Tons.

Question 3.. What other Ship are constantly or occasionally employed in the Company’s Service ? And to what Amount^ of Tonnage ?

"Answer. Two Ships, built at Bombay, are constantly ’employed in the Company’s Service, to and from India. The Amount of their Tonnage is 1,727 Tons. Very few Ships have been occasionally employed, except lately, some few small Ships, returning from Botany Bay, have brought Home Teas from China.

Question 4. Are there any Ships now building for the same Service, and of what Tonnage ? And are such Ships intended to be employed in the Room of Ships of equal Tonnage, to be forthwith broken up or sold, or in Addition to the present Shipping?

Answer. Four Ships are now building, of something more than 1,200 Tons each, in the Room of Four other Ships of about 800 Tons each, which are worn out and disposed of by their Owners.

Question 5. At what Time did the Restriction imposed by the Act of 12 Geo. III. against building more Ships for the East India Company, until their whole Tonnage should be reduced to 45,000 Tons, expire? And how soon after that Restriction ceased did the Company begin to build and increase their Shipping ?

Answer. I cannot tell the precise Time the Restriction expired, but suppose it was some Time in 1776, as in that Year the Company began to build and increase their Shipping.

Question 6. Has the general Consumption of Timber, for the building and repairing of Ships, increased since the Year 1771 r

Answer. The 'Consumption of Timber, for the Navy only, I suppose has been more than double, from 1771 to 1791, to what it was from 1751 to 1771, and the general Tonnage of East India Shipping built)

has increased, since the Year 177b, from about 45,000 Tons, to 79,913 Tons, including the Tonnage of the Four Ships now building.

Question 7. Is Oak of any other Country than Britain used in the Construction of East India Ships ? And if so, in what Proportion ?

Answer. About One Half of the Plank of the Bottoms of East India Ships is Dantzick Oak Plank. No large Foreign Oak is used in any Part of those Ships.

Question 8. From what Part of Britain is the Oak'generally brought that is used for the Construction of East India Ships ?

Answer. The Merchant Builders are not confined by

13° Februarii.

361

by their Contracts to buy Timber from any particular Part of Britain, provided it is equal in Goodness to that of the Growth of Sussex.

Question 9. What do you suppose to be the Difference between Foreign Oak Timber imported into this Country, and that of British Growth, in point of Duration ?

Answer. All Foreign Oak imported into this Country is very inferior to -English Oak, but I cannot ascertain the exact Difference in point of Duration.

Question 10. Has the Price of Ships built for the East India Company risen, and if so, how much, since 17J1 ?

Answer. The Price of- Ships built for the East India Company’s Service has risen since the Year 1771, from Twenty to Forty Shillings per Ton, which has been occasioned partly from their increased Tonnage, partly from their being more substantially built, from the Contracts being made fuller, and by not admitting so large Extra Bills as formerly.

Question 11. Has Government any Competitor, besides the East India Company, in the Purchase of large Oak Timber fit for the Use of the Navy?

Answer. There are certainly many more Competitors in the Purchase of large Oak Timber fit for the Use of the Navy, than the EastItidia Company; such as the Office of Ordnance, Brewers, Millwrights, Sec. &c. and no British Ships of 300 Tons, and upwards, are built without having some Timber and Plank used in them fit for the Use of the Navy. But as the whole Quantity of large Oak Timber used in the East India Company’s Service, and for all other Marine Purposes, is so small, compared to that used for the Royal Navy, the Navy Board have it much in their Power, at all Times, to regulate the Price. I am of Opinion that-Effsf India Ships of 1,200 Tons are built with Timber of no larger Meetings than is used for building and repairing the largest Frigates in His Majesty’s Yards.

Question 12. How long may it take to buijd an East India Ship, under the present Regulations?

Answer. Eighteen Months is the shortest Time allowed at present. '

Question 13. How long, under former Regulations ?

Answer. I do not recollect any Regulation for the Time Ships should be in Building formerly; some have been built in Six Months.

Question 14. How many Voyages might a Ship be able to perform under each Circumstance ?

Answer. The Ships now in the Company’s Service may go Six Voyages, if they can be performed in Twelve Years, with as much Propriety as the former Ships went Four Voyages.

Question 15. What is the Length of Time of a Voyage in the East India Company's Service at present; and w hat was it usually before the Year 1771?

Answer. The present Ships being coppered, make their Passages Out and Home in about Two Months less Time than the Ships that were not coppered; but formerly, when the Ships had Bottoms (that is,

filled with Nails) and were kept going regularly., they made Four Voyages in Eight Years. The present Ships do no more, as they do not go out until the Season after their Arrival.

Question 16. After what Number of Voyages are East India Ships usually broken up or disposed of?

Answer. Usually after having made Four Voyages: Eleventh Report But lately, the Company have given Leave that all Ships in their Service may go Six Voyages, if on v_a" ''enue‘ Examination the Owners should think them worth repairing. But it is very improbable that any of them will go more than Six Voyages in the Company’s Service. When they have gone the Number of Voyages they are supposed to be fit for, they are either broken up, or sold. Of the last Eighteen Ships, Eleven were broken up; of the rest, Twro were lost, One was burnt, and th# remaining Four were, I believe, sold.

Question 17. What Number of Loads of rough Timber are consumed, on an Average, in building an East India Ship, in Proportion to her Tonnage, including Plank and Thick-stuff ?

Answer. I am not cdttain, but suppose, a9 Iron is used for Knees, &c. in those Ships, it may be about One Load and a Half to a Ton.

Question 18. What Proportion does the Timber used in repairing an India Ship, during the Time she continues in the Company’s Service, bear on an Average, to the whole Quantity used in her first Construction ?

Answer. The Quantity of Timber used in repairing East India Ships, during the Time they are in that Service, is quite uncertain; in general, very little is used, for when their Timbers are too bad to admit of being strengthened with Ryders, Standards, &c. the Expence of shifting them is so gfeat, that no Ships lately have had large Repairs, and it is not likely any will in future.

Question 19. What i9 your Opinion of keeping a large Stock of Naval Timber toge-) ther in its rough State, for Three Years or more, before using it ?

Answer. Keeping Three Years Stock of Timber, Thick-stuff', Plank, See. in His Majesty’s Yards, is so obviously destructive of Timber in general, and so extravagantly expensive, that it is next to a Miracle its having continued so long.

Question 20. If Timber sustains Damage from being so kept, what Proportion of it do you think may be thereby rendered unfit for Ship-building ?

Answer. Rough Timber piled together in such vast Quantities, as'is practised in the King’s Yards, and to uemain in that State for Three Years or more, must certainly receive much Damage; but what Proportion of it may be thereby rendered unfit for Shipbuilding I cannot exactly ascertain; it may be One Third or more.

Question 21. How far do you think it practicable to mould Timber for the various Purposes of Ship-building, at or near the Places where it grows, before it is brought to the Building Yard?

Answer. It may be done to great Advantage, especially where Land Carriage is expensive.

Question 22. Would not that Practice be the Means of preserving much Timber that is now lost by Conversion in the Dock Yards ?

Answer. Certainly it would; and more especially if converted by Contractors.

Question 23. In what Degree or Proportion is Naval Timber in general diminished in Quantity, in being converted from its rough State into the proper Forms for the Purposes of Ship-building; that is to say, How many Loads of converted Timber are produced firotn a certain Number of Loads of rough Timber, on an Average, in Square Measure ?

Answer. About One Half in the Merchants

4 Z Yards;

r

362 13® Februarii. A. 1792.

Eleventh Report Yards; but I suppose it to be much more diminished LaoiTRevenue ’n ^e King’s Yards; that is to say, Two Loads of -y rough Timber will not, in the King’s Yards, produce One Load of converted Timber.

Question 24. What do you conceive to be the best Method of preserving Timber in a converted State ?

Answer. All converted Timber, Thick-stuff, Plank, &c. should be placed under Cover, where there is a moderate Current of Air, as soon as it is received into the Yards.

Question 25. Is there a greater Difficulty in procuring Oak Knee Timber now than formerly?

Answer. I believe not. However great the Difficulty has been, or may be at present, it is not of the smallest Consequence with respect to Ship-building, as Iron Knees may be substituted in general to a much greater Advantage.

Question 26. Is Ash Timber, or the Spanish Chesnut, used for Knees ?

Answer. None used, that I know of, nor is there the least Occasion for either.

Question 27. Are they found to answer the Purpose, and to be nearly as durable as Oak ? Answer. I never had any Experience of them.

Question 28. What Substitute do you make Use of when Knee Timber cannot be had? Answer. Iron is the best Substitute.

Question 29. If Iron be recommended, in what Part of Ships can it be used to Advantage?

Answer. Iron may be used for Hanging Knees and Standards to all the Decks, for all Breast-Hooks (except the Deck-Hooks) Ryders, Crutches, Wing-Transom, and other Transom Knees, and for Knees in general. I have had great Experience of Iron for many Years, and am confident it may be used for the above Purposes, in all Ships of War and other Ships, to much greater Advantage than Wood.

Question 30. May not Beech, Elm, zick and Riga Timber, supply the Place of Oak, in many Parts of a Ship; and if so, in what Parts?

Answer. Beech and Elm may be used in all Ships Bottoms from the Keel to the Floorheads.

Plank may be used in the Bottoms of all Ships under the light Draught of Water in Place of English Oak; Riga and Quebec Oak Timber may be used in some Parts of the Navy, if there was a Necessity from Want of English Oak. Foreign Plank will be found to be as dear as English converted Oak from the interior Parts of this Kingdom, the Growth of which, even there, ought to be encouraged in Preference to Foreign Oak, if it should cost more Money, as being more durable and advantageous to the Nation in general, and to the Landed Interest in particular. But I am firmly of Opinion there never will be a Scarcity of Oak Timber in this Kingdom, if the King's Forests and Waste Lands were properly planted with Oaks, and constantly taken Care of afterwards.

Question 31. Can you suggest any Alteration in the Manner of framing large Ships, that would lessen the Consumption of Oak Timber?

Answer. By making the Top Sides of all the King’s Ships (in future) to tumble-home very little. (See the annexed Midship Sections for a 74 Gun Ship and a Frigate, N01 2 and 4.) Also by siding the Timbers of the Frame less, and moulding them more. This would add Strength to the Ships, and lessen the Consumption of Timber.

Question 32. Have you ever considered the Manner of framing Slips or Docdcs for Building and Docking large Ships? and whether any Means can be used to lessen the Quantity of Timber made use of for such Purposes ? or can you suggest any Means by which either of them may be improved?

Answer. Inferior Timber being generally used for framing Slips and Docks, it is not very material as to the Quantity made use of But with respect to the Mode of Launching and Docking Ships in His Majesty’s Yards, I am of Opinion there is great Room for Improvement: And I beg Leave to observe, that few Things are so obviously absurd as the old Method (which is at present practised in the King’s Yards) of launching Ships on a Curve Line with short Bulgeways, and Slices under Each End of them, and also with Spurs, by which Method it is impossible to launch any Ship without hogg, and consequently injuring them more or less. To prevent Ships from receiving such Injury in future, I would recommend that their Keels be put on Blocks of sufficient Height, that the Ways for launching them may be laid on a straight Line, with a Declivity of near an Inch to a Foot for large Ships, and of a full Inch to a Foot for the smaller Class of Ships. To have Bulgeways as usual (but fitted without either Spurs or Slices, as all King’s Ships are docked after they are launched, to be coppered; a Plank secured to the Bottom at both Ends of the Bulgeways, to prevent the Heads of the Puppets from flying out, would be safer and much better than Spurs). In Addition to the Bulgeways, to have sliding Planks or Ways in the Middle Line, to receive the Keel, from about 14 Feet afore the Sternpost, and to be continued as low down as the Launch is laid for the Bulgeways, and to he of such Height, as that the Fore Foot may run safely over it, and of the same Declivity as the sliding Planks for the Bulgeways. By this Method it would be impossible that any Ship should receive the least Damage in Launching; for when the Blocks are all split out from under the Keel, the Ship would be perfectly safe, and as well supported, all fore and aft, as when they were all under, and might remain in that State until the next Spring Tides, or longer, if it should be required, by Want of Water, or any other Cause.

The Mode of Docking large Ships at Portsmouth, and the other Naval Yards, by heaving them an End on the Blocks, with Tackles, when there is not sufficient Water to float them in and also of raising them with Wedges and Shores, in order to shift their Keels, false Keels, &c. when required, is certainly very absurd, and the more surprising that it should have continued to this Time, when by taking a View’ of the Locks, &c. on the various Inland Navigations in this Country, they would at once point out a more rational and much easier Method of Docking large Ships, and raising them on Blocks of sufficient Height for shifting Keels, or doing any Repairs that may be wanted, without the least Difficulty, by filling the Docks with Water to any Height required, by Means of a Reservoir sufficiently large for that Purpose, which may be always supplied ana kept full by a Steam Engine, or otherwise, at a very small Expence, and to the greatest Advantage.

Had proper Engineers been originally employed by Government, for the general Construction of the Docks in His Majesty’s several Yards (who had previously surveyed and taken Plans of all the Naval Docks in Europe) I am clearly of Opinion they would have been much better constructed, and at a considerably less Expence.

Question 33. Can you propose any better Method of preserving Ships, after they are built, than lying a-float at Moorings ?

Answer. See the Answer to the First Question.

« Question

32 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

363

Question 34. Supposing an East India Ship chants, or others, to complete the several Frames; Eleventh Report to lie some Years under Cover, when building, and to build a Roof over each of them, including ^Ie ^oartl and proper Attention^paid in that Time to every Expence attending the same: By this Means Land K'e,u"^ the Seasoning of her Frame, and other Tim- a great Part of that unnecessary Stock of Timber' /

ber, and leaving her Treenail Holes open, now in the King’s Yards would be preserved, except how long might such a Ship last, either in such as is already rotten, or otherwise defective.

Years or Voyages? No Ships should ever have what is called thorough

Answer. Ships built under such Regulations may Repairs, or any Timbers shifted; but should have last from 12 to 15 Years, and perform Six Voyages, temporary slight Repairs, with Iron Ryders, Stand-with as small Expence for Repairs as Ships built in a ards, &c. and to have new Ships put on the Stocks

short Time, with green Materials, will cost repairing in their Room, when necessary; as it is a well-known

for Pour Voyages. Fact, that many Ships have cost nearly as much re-

pairing, as Two new Ships, of the same Dimensions Question 35. Can you suggest any Means and Scantlings, would cost building. Perhaps this by which the Consumption of Oak Timber has been done on an Idea of saving Timber, but may be lessened in Ship-building, or any Im- certainly it is a great Mistake. In building Ships, provement by which the Duration of Ships the Plank of the Bottoms, inside Plank, &c. should would be increased, and in which the Ex- be partially bolted on, and all the Treenail Holes to

pence would not exceed the Value of the be bored through, as soon as the Plank is worked;

Timber so saved? If you can, be so good as but no Treenails drove until the Ship is nearly to state it, or any other Improvement what- finished, or ready for Caulking; also to have the Tree-ever, in the Construction or Preservation of nails well seasoned before they are drove, and made Ships in general, that you may be able to of the best Oak in the Kingdom, suggest. I am of Opinion that all the Ships of the present

Answer. Never to have more than One Year’s Navy are too short, from Ten to Thirty Feet, ac-Consumption of Timber in any of His Majesty’s cording to their Rates. And if Ships in future were Yards. to be built so much longer as to admit of an act-

No rough Timber should be kept in the Weather ditional Timber between every Port, and also if the longer than One Year before it is converted; for Tim- foremost and aftermost Gun-Ports were placed at ber laying in that State, exposed to wet and dry, re- a greater Distance from the Extremities, they would ceives more Damage than is generally imagined. be stronger and safer, have more Room for fighting

All Timber should be converted as soon as re- their Guns, and I am persuaded would be found to ceived into the Yards, and afterwards should stand to answer every other Purpose much better than the season in the Ship’s Frame, under a Roof sufficiently present Ships of the Navy: And there would be no large to cover the whole Ship. Necessity of using long Thick-stuff, and Plank, for

Timber should also be spread abroad as much as a Three Port Shift in such Ships, as a I wo Port possible, in order to lay the Moulds readily upon the Shift would be quite sufficient. The Fore Masts most proper Pieces; by which Method a great Saving of all the Ships of the Navy are placed too far for-of Timber would be made in the Conversion, and ward, from Four to Six Feet. The Ships are too

also be of great Advantage in point of Strength to lofty abaft, and too low in Midships; they would be

the Ships, as there would be no Occasion to use any much better and safer, if their Forecastles and Quar-Timber but what was of proper Size and Growth, ter Decks were joined together; for if they carry It would also save the Expence of piling, unpiling, Two, Three, or Four Tier of Guns, Forward and &c. Sic. as is practised in His Majesty’s Yards. Abaft, they certainly ought to carry the same in

All Timber designed for Ships Frames should be Midships, as it is an Absurdity, and also a great In-contracted for, to be served into the Yards ready jury to any Ship, to load the Extremities with more converted to their respective Moulds, and the Ships Weight of Metal than the Midships. No Ships, to be put on the Stocks, and completely timbered however small, that have Forecastles and Quarter

within a certain Time, and to have a Shed built Decks, should go to Sea with Deep Waists; they

over them (to be included in the said Contract) and certainly ought to have Flush Upper Decks. to remain in that State to Season, during Pleasure, or Ships of the Navy are not sufficiently strong to until wanted, when each Ship should be completely carry the usual Weight of Metal. On the Whole, finished by another Contract. All the Beams, Knees, they have Plenty of Timber; but are every Way de-Thick-stuff, Plank, &c. should be provided as soon ficient in Iron, to strengthen and connect the Sides as the Ship is in Frame, and placed under Cover, so and Beams together, so as to prevent their working as to have the same Seasoning. All Thick-stuff, in bad Weather, or long Engagements, when they Plank, &c. that requires to be boiled in the Kiln, if usually break many of the fore-and-aft Bolts of the it was afterwards placed on Racks, and burnt, so as Knees, and the Ships spread, so as to leave the Ends to exhaust the Moisture occasioned by its being of the Beams short of the Sides; to prevent which, boiled, and also to bring it to its Round, would be of they should have Iron Hanging Knees (with a great Advantage to the Ships. greater Number of fore-and-aft Bolts than is custom-

Government should have Twenty or Thirty Sari of ary for the Ships of the Navy) to all the Beams in Line of Battle Ships, of 74 Guns and upwards, con- the Ship; also Iron Standards, fayed to the Decks stantly on the Stocks (under proper Cover) nearly (without Shoels) between every Port; and all the old finished, or in such State that they may be launched Ships of the present Navy should have Iron instead in a short Time, on any Emergency; and should of Wood Standards, and an additional Iron Hanging have Ships built for the Navy in private Yards, in Knee under every Beam in the Ship, where there is Times of Peace, &c. (as recommended in my First not a Standard; and also to have diagonal Braces Answer.) ' ' fixed to them as after mentioned, and described in

I am of Opinion, that all the rough Timber now the annexed Midship Sections, N0* 2 and 4. in IBs Majesty’s several Dock Awards should be im- All Breast-Hooks should be of Iron (except the mediately converted into Ships Frames; and as Deck-Hooks) also all the Crutches, Wing-Transom, many of them put on the Stocks as all the Timber and other Transom Knees, and Knees in general; as in those Yards will produce: But if there should not they are lighter, cheaper, and stronger, than Wood: be a sufficient Quantity to complete all the Frames and may be made to any Size and Length, so as to so put up, let Contracts be made with Timber Mer- have any Number of additional Bolts.

Vol. 47. All

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

364 13° Februarii. . 1792.

All Bolts of the Knees, Breast-Hooks, and Crutches, should be drove from the Inside, and clenched on the outside Plank; and the Bolts for all Iron Knees, Standards, &c. to have Collar Heads. — I particularly recommend diagonal Braces to be fixed from the Keelson to the Gun-Deck Clamps; Six or Eight Pair of them, well secured at each End, with Iron Knees and Straps, to all the Ships in the Navy, would effectually prevent their straining and working in bad Weather in the Manner they now do.

The Bottoms of all Ships in the Navy are too thin: Ships of 74 Guns and upwards should have Six Inch Bottoms, and no Ship’s Bottom ought to be less than Four Inches thick, and the Edges should be rab-beited, so as to require little or no caulking. (See Sections, N* 2 and 4.) The Wales and Inside Stuff of those Ships are much too thick, and is an unnecessary Consumption of Oak Timber: Wales, &c. Eight Inches thick, would be sufficient for the largest Ships in the Navy.

The Capstans throughout the Navy are fitted on a bad Principle, as they require a much greater

Number of Men than would be necessary, if they were fitted with an Iron Axis or Spindle, as certainly all Capstans ought to be; and also with Pall Heads, and Catch Palls, to secure the Whelps, and prevent the People from being thrown from the Bars, which has frequently happened in the Ships of the Navy, and many of their People have received much Damage. This Sort of Capstan, with Iron Spindle, Pall Head, and Catch Palls, has been in Use on Board all the East India Ships for a great Number of Years; and none of the Spindles, or any other Part of the Capstan, have ever failed; nor has the least Accident happened from them. Every Capstan in the Navy may be altered to the same Plan, at a very trifling Expence, considering its great Utility.

All Ships Rudders should be short of the under Side of the Iveel, from Eighteen Inches to Two Feet; ond should be hung in the Centre, and have a round Head, to work in a Circle, so as to require no Rudder Coat; and those Ships that have no Round house, their Rudders should run up, and steer with a Yoke abaft the Rudder Head, above the Upper Deck.

Cables are in general very much injured by small Ryding Bitts, and Cross Pieces; and more especially from the fore Part of the Bitts, and alter Part of the Cross Pieces, not being made circular, or their Edges rounded when new. A 74 Gun Ship's Bitts, and their Ci oss Pieces, are net more than 20 Inches each, whereas those of East India Ships are Two Feet; and the fore Part of the Bitts, and after Part of the Cross Pieces, are so rounded, that the Cables cannot he the least injured by them. Last Year one East India Slwp (the Woodford) had Cast Iron Rollers fitted to her Bows, to ease the Friction of the Cables, in Place of Bolsters or Naval Hoods.

The Heads and Quarter Galleries of all Ships should be reduced; and also the great Overhanging of the Sterns.

All Scuppers should be of Cast Iron, without having any Lap on the Deck or Soirketting, as they cannot be broke by the working of the Ship.

If the foregoing were put into Execution in Ships of War, I am certain they would be much stronger, safer, and more durable, than the present Ships of His Majesty’s Navy; and they would also be able to keep the Seas for Years without Docking. — I have no Idea of a Ship of War, thafr is properly built, foundering, or not keeping the Seas in the worst Weather.

The fewer Ships that are built for the Navy in future, not capable of mounting 74 Guns and upwards, the better, as Ships of 64, 50, and Guns, also small Frigates, Sloops, &c. consume vast Quantities of Oak Timber, are maintained at a great Expence to the Nation, and are by no Means equally serviecable.

But I am of Opinion (contrary to the Ideas of some Gentlemen) it would be for the Interest of Government, and also of the East India Company, if they were to have Twenty Sail of Ships built for the Trade

(when new ships are wanted) that may be capable of fighting Sixty Guns with a Cargo on board them. They might carry 18 Pounder Guns on their Middle Decks, and 6 or 9 Pounder Guns on their Upper Decks; and, when deep loaded, would be able to keep their lower Tier of Ports open longer than any Ships in His Majesty’s Navy. Such Ships being more defensible, would require a less Number of Ships of War to protect them, which would save the vast Expence of Convoys, and of Ships being stationed in c.

in Time of War. It would also be a great Saving of Oak Timber, as the swift Decay of Ships stationed in India is very evident, and is a Matter that ought to be particularly attended to.

I am further of Opinion, if the Company were to carry on their Trade in general in large Ships, they would not be so destructive to the Growth of Oak Timber as small Ships; for if Two Ships were to be built of 600 Tons each, and One of 1,200 Tons, it would be found that the former (Two) had consumed near Three-fourths more in Number of Oak Trees than the latter, consequently the small Ships would increase the Consumption of young growing Timber Trees, and tend greatly to prevent the Growth and Supply of large Timber.

I have found on Enquiry, that Oak Timber under 40 Feet Meetings has increased in Price, since the Year 1771, about 15 Shillings per Load, whereas Timber of 60 Feet Meetings has increased only 5 Shillings per Load, which is a Proof there has been a greater Demand for small Timber than for large; and if the Consumption of the former continues to be greater, it will (unless proper Precautions are taken) ultimately cause a Scarcity of the latter. But I am confident that more Timber, large and small, may be saved in future in His Majesty’s Yards, and from what I have recommended respecting the Royal Forests, &c. than will be required for the constant Building and repairing a necessary Number and Tonnage of Ships for the East India Company’s Service.

After taking Care to plant and improve the King's Forests and Waste Lands to the greatest Advantage, I further recommend that Government particularly attend to the Shipwrights in their own Yards; for at present they are much too low in Estimation, and too few in Numbers, and if there is not a greater Number brought up and kept in the King’s Yards, it is probable the Navy, and of course the Nation, will receive a severe Check, whenever there may be a Necessity of fitting out a Fleet on any Emergency.

Their Pay was probably settled at Two Shillings and One Penny per Day in Charles the Second’s Time, which is now' as low as the Pay of a common Labourer in the Merchants Builders Yards in the River Thames, who are at no Expence for Tools, See. This Pay is certainly too low for any Artificer that has served an Apprenticeship, and particularly so for such a valuable Body of Mechanics as the Shipwrights are to this Nation; for if they are too few in Numbers, that must greatly impede the Equipment of a Fleet, and increase the Expence to the Nation, far above that of maintaining and keeping Half as many more in His Majesty’s Yards in Time of Peace, even if they were allowed Half a Crown a Day, which at this Time is very moderate, and by no Means in Proportion to their Pay at the Time it wras first settled. There are always many Ways of employing Shipwrights in the King’s Yards, if there should not be sufficient Work in their own Line to employ them; but no other Mechanics can be substituted in their Room, if there should be a Deficiency in Numbers of the

And I further beg Leave to observe, from the

previous

V y " :.*T ' *: *

KUMOIVf

*C$». .--'-V,

' .-i - >

9-JL ’ >

V

;-T 'm:£. r ,r -

4*

'* „ *

'* ' *

#J,

*; li X ,. < . *oyr^,:;

.:. f" -i. .-. ..^ JjU,**i "' W£\

'*‘ T"

’of

V- "

' — '^'Jllfc

"' ' ;V‘‘ i. . V

-K

f ;*'^k Vi

>' ' >

*r^» .!*!✓. «t*u 4* nms*m**

if"

V*

NT*.

13° Februarii.

365

previous Observations and Recommendations herein contained, together with what was suggested by me on the same Subject, and printed with the Report of the Committee of the House of Commons in 1771, that Government have the Power not only to double the Growth of Oak Timber in the Forests and Waste Lands, but also greatly to reduce the Consumption of Oak Timber for building and repairing the Navy. This, with the Supply that may be obtained, at very reasonable Rates, from the usual Annual Falls of private Gentlemen’s Timber, would (except from Mismanagement) effectually prevent the Want of that Article for the Navy in future.

East India House, Gab1 Snodgrass.

May 12th 1791.

N* 30.

Kent Road, January 17th, 1792.

Gentlemen,

We are favoured with your Letter concerning the Expence of inclosing Land in the New Forest, for the Purpose of raising Timber; and having taken the same into Consideration, we are of Opinion that a Fence, consisting of Posts and Two Rails, with a Ditch Five Feet wide at Top, and Three Feet deep, reduced equally on both Sides to One Foot at Bottom, all the Earth thrown on the Inside to raise a Bank 2 F. 6 In. higher, thereby forming a Bed for Quick, will be sufficient to protect the Inclosures from all kind of Cattle, except Deer, and be completed for Three Shillings per Rod, exclusive of rough Timber. Supposing the Inclosures to be upon an Average One Mile square (or 640 Acres) will amount- to Six Shillings per Acre. If it should be thought proper to protect the Inclosures against Deer, not only the First Expence will be considerably increased, but the future Repairs will be far more, as the Quick will not be sufficient at any Time to protect the Plantations from those destructive Animals.

Should the Commissioners think proper, we shall be willing, at any Time, to engage to inclose and plant the intended Inclosures, and keep them in Repair for any Number of Years, in any Manner that shall be most agreeable to the Commissioners.

We are, Gentlemen, with great Respect,

Your most obed' humble Serv",

and JV. Driver. Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

N" 31.

Extract of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Navy to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated Navy Office, 18th May 1789.

In order that our Answers to your several Enquiries, relative to the Price of Naval Timber, and the Building and Duration of Ships, may be the more distinctly understood, we shall transcribe the Questions from your Letter, and place the Answers opposite to them, respectively.

Question 1. Is the Price of Great Oak Timber increased, and how much, since the Year 1771 ?

Answer. No Addition has been made to the Price of the Timber; but, to encourage the Merchants to bring Timber from the distant Inland Counties to the King's Yards, a certain Proportion of the extra Expence of Carriuge has been allowed to the Contractors, as will appear by the inclosed Papers.

Question 2. If it has not much risen in Price, notwithstanding the increased Demand for it, for the Navy and for Trading Ships, Vol. 47.

Land Hevenuf.

to what Cause do you impute there not having Eleventh Report been a greater Advance in the Price? t,ie liuu"i 1,1

Answer. To the Encouragement given to the Merchants to bring Timber from the Inland and remote Parts of the Country, by the Allowance paid for long Carriage, and to the great Improvements in the Roads, and Inland Navigation, within a few Years past, which have occasioned the bringing to Market immense Quantities of Timber, which could not otherwise have been brought to the Dock Yards, but at an Expence far exceeding its Value.

Question 3. Has the Price of Ships built for the Navy in private Dock Yards risen, and how much, since 1771?

Answer. The Price has risen from 17/. ,5 to 17/. 17/. 6d. per Ton, for Ships of Third Rates; and from 11/. 11 s. to 11/. 15 s.per Ton, for Ships of smaller Burthen.

Question 4. Is there any, and what, Difference in the Duration of Ships of War built in the Royal Dock Yards, and of Ships built by Contract, or purchased?

Answer. In general it is found that the Ships built in the King’s Yards last much longer than those built by Contract, or purchased; but the precise Difference of their Duration cannot be ascertained, as it ’depends on a Variety of Circumstances, extremely contingent in their Nature, and not easily described. We are however of Opinion, that 15 Years may be allowed for Ships built in the King’s Yards, and 10 for those in the Merchants Yards.

Question 5. What is the Cause of such Difference, if any ? And, what do you consider to be the Duration of each, at a Medium, according to the Modes of Building hitherto used ?

Answer. The Difference may be attributed principally to Two Causes; 1st, To the Timber used in the King’s Yards being better seasoned, and the Iron Work of a better Quality; and 2dly, To the Ships being in general better built, the Work more closely inspected during its Progress, and the Ships a longer Time in building, than in the Merchants Yards; which last Circumstance alone contributes greatly to their Duration; but the Merchants being employed to build Ships of War only in Cases of Emergency, are often, from the Urgency of the Service, pressed by the Navy Board to complete them in a shorter Time than specified in the Contracts; and, for Want of a sufficient §tock of Timber on Hand, they are obliged, at a short Notice, to provide such as they want, and to work it up, before the Juices are sufficiently exhausted to render it fit for Use.

Question 6. If you can suggest any Improvement by which the Duration of Ships would be increased, so as to lessen the Quantity of Timber necessary to supply the Dock Yards, and in which the Expence would not exceed the Value of the Timber saved, be so good as to state it ?

Answer. Sundry Experiments for this Purpose have been tried, and others are now in Preparation. The Montagu, of 74 Guns, was built in the Year 1779, with Winter-felled Timber; but that Ship not having come under such a Repair as required a complete

Examination of her Condition, we cannot yet speak

with Certainty of the Effect. We have now standing some Trees, stripped of their Bark, Two Years ago, in order to try the Experiment of building One Half of a Sloop of War with that Timber, and the other Half with Timber felled and stripped in the common Way. The Seasoning of the Timber before using it, and letting the Ships stand in Frame a sufficient Time for seasoning the several Parts during the Building,

5 A and

Eleventh Report and the late Introduction of Fire Stoves to air the Land*Ri0ar<1 of Ships building, and those lying up in Ordinary, con-v. n evenue- tribute greatly to their Duration; and if Ships were built under Cover, and Roofs continued over them while they remain on the Slips, it would be a Means of rendering them still more lasting: And we are of Opinion, that the Saving in the Value of the Timber by these Methods will far exceed the Expence of putting them in Practice.

Question 7. Has Government any Competitor in the Purchase of Great Oak Timber, besides the East India Company ?

Answer. We do not know of any other, for Shipbuilding; but it has been mentioned by some of the Timber Merchants of the Inland Counties, that a great deal of large Oak is bought by Coopers, who give a much better Price for it than is allowed by Government; and that a serious Destruction of fine Timber arises from this Cause.

Question 8- As we understand that Ash Timber, and Spanish Chesnut, have been used in the Dock Yards, for some Purposes in Shipbuilding, instead of Oak, we beg to know if they have been found to answer the Purposes to which they have been applied, and if they have proved to be nearly as durable as Oak ?

Answer. No Experiments of this Kind have yet been made in the Dock Yards; but the Subject has been under our Consideration, and Pieces of Ash Timber and Spanish Chesnut are now collecting for making such Experiments, owing to the Scarcity of Oak Timber.

Question 9. If you know the common Duration of Russian Ships of War built of Larch or Lari rTimber, be so good as to state it?

Answer. We do not; but having a Russian-bu\\t Ship lying up in Ordinary at Sheerness, which was built at Archangel about Nine Years ago, we have, on this Occasion, directed the Officers of that Yai d to make the best Inspection they could of her afloat, and herewith send you a Copy of their Report.

The Officers state this Vessel to be as well kneed, with Knees formed from the Roots of the Fir Tree, as any Ship they ever saw.

Question 10. As the Larch will grow on Soils unfit for Oak, is it your Opinion that the planting of that Tree should be encouraged, with a View to the supplying the Navy with such Articles as may be furnished from that Species of Timber ?

Answer. We have had no Experience respecting Larch Timber, other than in the Instance of the Russian-buWt ship above mentioned.

We are, &c.

Chet Middleton.

J. Henslow.

Geo. Marsh.

Geo. Rogers.

JVm Campbell.

E. Le Cras.

Sam' Wallis.

Honble. Sirs, Sheerness, May 6th 1789.

In Obedience to your Direction to examine the State of the Frame, &c. of the Prosperity Receiving Ship, we have bored, spotted, and examined her in the best Manner we can afloat; and herewith inclose you an Account of the same.

The Beams, Clamps, and Knees in general, appear sound, and she is as well kneed, with Knees formed from the Roots of the Fir Tree, as any Ship we ever saw.

The Plank of the Topside, Spirketting on the Spar Deck, and Timber Heads, are in many Parts very rotten; and, although the Stuff is sound on the Surface, is decayed next the Timbers.

We are, See. See.

WRule, Tho' Mitchell.

(Attested)

Geo. Marsh.

Honble. Navy Board.

N* 32.

Navy Office, 12th May 1791. An ACCOUNT of the Number of Ships of War built in His Majesty’s Dock Yards between the 25th October 1760 and the 31st December 1788, with their Rates and Tonnage.

Rate. 1st Guns. - iOO - . Number. - 3 - Tonnage. 6,747 Tons,

2d - - - 98 - - - - 15 - - - - 29,256

3d - 80 - - - 1 - - - L992

74 - - - - 25 - - - - 40,943

4th - 64 - - - - 18 - - - - 24,764

- 50 - - - - 7 - - - - 7,219

5th - - 44 - - - 2 - - - - 1,766

38 - - - 1 - - m - 94i

36 - - - 1 - - - - 869

6th - 32 - - - 5 - - - - 3,417

- 28 - - - 5 - m - - 2,962

24 - - - - 3 ‘ m - - i,552

22 - - - 1 - - - - 481

20 - - - - 7 - - - 3,016

Sloops - 18 to 14 - - 18 - - 5,557

On Survey - 1 - - - - 35

335

N. B. — Ships building on the 31st December 1788 are included.

131,852

N* 33.

_: v i

] 3° Februarii.

367

N* 33-

Extract of a Letter from Samuel Pepys, Esquire, Secretary of the Admiralty, to the Commissioners of the Navy; dated 28th October 1687.

I have another Paper of much more Moment to communicate to you, as wrote upon a Subject of a much more extensive and lasting Consequence to the Navy, if the Contents of it shall upon Proof be found answered: It is a Discourse lately wrote by the learned Dr. Plott, for tire Satisfaction of His Majesty, touching

the most seasonable Time for felling of Timber, occasioned by something I had observed by him said in-a History by him lately wrote of Staffordshire; where, and in some of the neighbouring Counties, the Method he here proposes has (it seems) Time out of Mind, and remains at this Day, the vulgar Method of felling Timber for Buildings; to which (since the Date of this) he tells me he has, by a later Enquiry, found this to be added, that the same Course is taken on all like Occasions in Yorkshire and other our Northern Counties, out of which the principal Timbers being said to have been fetched that made up the Frame of the Royal Sovereign, he seems inclined to think, that the extra Degree of Lastingness, visible at this Day in some of the Beames extant of the original Fabric of that Ship, may most reasonably be imputed. But how far you shall allow of that Inference, when you come to read his Discourse, I shall not venture to foretell: But the King is so far disposed to the giving Credit to the Proposal, that it is by His Command that I herewith transmit it to you, recommending it from Him to your serious and joint Perusal; and (unless you find any very cogent Reasons to the contrary) to your taking the first Opportunity you can, whether upon the next Parcel of Trees you shall have to fell for the Navy out of the King’s own Woods, or of w-hat you may be able to get an Occasion of trying it upon any Merchant's Goods you shall contract for, while the Trees are standing, of informing yourselves, by an actual Experiment of your own, of the Efficacy or Imperfection of the Doctrine proposed: With which, and the desiring your returning to me the Paper I now send you, when you shall have perused it, together with your Opinion upon it, to be communicated to the King, is all I have now to trouble you with. Remaining,

Your most humble Servant,

S. Pepys.

A Discourse concerning the most seasonable Time of felling of Timber; written by the Advice of the Honourable Samuel Pepys, Esqr, Secretary of the Admiralty, for the Use of His Majesty, by Robert Plott, LL. D. 1687.

May it please Your Majesty,

When I first imparted to your Majesty the Manner of felling of Timber in the County of Stafford, with the Advantage it might give to Your Royal Navy were all the Timber used in building Your Fleets so felled, according to your Majesty’s Command I immediately (the same Day) waited upon Mr. Secretary Pepys and Sir Anthony Deane, and communicated the Matter to them, who both promised me they would acquaint Your Majesty I had so done, and give your Majesty an Account of their present Thoughts of it; but the former, viz. Mr. Secretary Pepys, received so strong an Impression of the Usefolness of the Experiment, and thought it (after Consideration) of that Importance, that he desired me the Day following further to consider this Subject, and see what might be added to what I had already written, in my History of Staffordshire, relating to it, and what material Objections made, why this Custom of Staffordshire, and the neigh-Vol. 47.

bouring Counties, might not be practised here, in the South of England, as well as there; and to put all into Writing for Your Majesty’s Use.

For the Performance whereof, with as much Brevity as Perspicuity w ill allow me, Your Majesty is first desired to recollect what I told Your Majesty in May last, that the Custom of felling Timber here in the South of England differs from that of only-

in Two things, viz. in the Time of felling, and Manner of barking; it being felled here in the Spring, as soon as the Sap is found to be fully up, by the Trees putting out, and then bark’t after the Trees are prostrate, the Sap yet remaining in the Bodies of them: Whereas there it is first bark’t (in the Spring as here) but before it is felled, the Trees yet standing, and living all the Summer, and not felled till the following Winter, when the Sap is fully retired. Whether of which Customs of felling Timber, either for Ships or other Buildings, is most eligible, is the Point to be discuss’t.

In the clearing whereof may it please Your Majesty, First to take Notice, that all Trees in the Spring Season (when usually we fell them in the South ot England)and some Time after, are pregnant, and spend themselves (as Animals do in their respective Offsprings) in the Production of Leaves and Fruits, and so become weaker than at other Times of the Year, their Cavities and Pores being then turgid with Juices or Sap, which (the Tree being felled at that Time) still remains in the Pores (having now no manner of Means to return) and there putrify, not only leaving the Tree full of Cavities, which render the Timber weak; but

Eleventh Report of the Board of Laud Revemie.

Secondly, breeding a Worm (as both Pliny and Mr. Evelyn testify) that will so exceedingly prejudice it, that it becomes altogether unfit for strong Incumbencies, or other robust Uses. Thirdly, that all Timber felled at this Time of Year (whether the Juices putrify, or otherwise sweat or dry away) is not only subject to rift or gape, but will shrink so considerably, that a Piece of such 'l imber of a Foot square will usually shrink in the Breadth J of an Inch, than which, says Vcgetius, nothing is more pernicious, if used for building of Ships. To which, Fourthly, the first and greatest Roman Emperor, Julius Casin', adds, that though Ships may be made of such moist 'l imber felled in the Spring, yet they will certainly be Sluggs, not near so good Sailers as Ships made of Timber felled later in the Year.

In all which Circumstances 1 find most of the Ah-cients so very well agree, that none of them advise the felling of Timber for any Sort of Use before Autumn, at soonest; others not till the Trees have borne their Fruit, which, says Theophrastus, must always be proportionably later, as their Fruits are ripe later in the Year. A Third Sort, not till Midwinter; not till November,- says Palladius; nay, not till the Winter Solstice, says the wise Cato, and then too in the Decrease or Wane of the Moon; between the Fifteenth and Twenty-third Days of her Age, says Vcgetius-, or rather, according to Columella, between the Twentieth and the new Moon. In general, says Theophrastus, the Oak must be felled very late in the Winter; not till December, as the Emperor C posi-

tively asserts, the Moon too being then under the Earth, as ’tis always in the Day Time in the Wane or Decrease. And the felling the Oak within these Limits they call Tempostiva Caesura, felling Timber in Season; which they all unanimously pronounce (if thus felled) will neither shrink, warp or cleave, nor admit Decay in many Years, it being as tough as Horn, and the whole Tree in a Manner (as Theophrastus asserts) as hard and firm as the Heart; with whom also agrees our Countryman Mr. Evelyn. If you fell not Oaks

(says he) till the Sap is in Repose, as ’tis commonly

about November and December, after the Frost has

well nipt them, the very Saplings thus cut will

continue

368 13° Februarii. . 1792.

Report continue without Decay as long as the Heart of the that though the Tree be not felled till the Winter Sol-L*nd Revenue^ Tree. stice, or January following, yet the Tanner is not at all

y___ And the Reason of all this is given in short by defeated of his Tan, but has it here in as due Season as

Vitruvius, Quia aeris Hyberni vis comprimit et consolida in any of the other Counties: The Legislators, I say,

Arbores, because the Winter Air doth close the Pores were ignorant of this, otherwise certainly they would (the Sap being now retired) and so consequently con- never have made such an Act, so pernicious to the solidates all Trees, especially (says he) if, before the whole Kingdom as felting of Timber at this Season Descent of the Sap, a Kerfe be cut round the Tree, is, for the Sake of a few Tanners. Besides, secondly, through the sappy Part, to the Medulla or heart, so I answer, that notwithstanding this Ignorance, yet that the Sap or superfluous Juices may run forth whilst even then they were so wise as to except in that Act the Tree is standing and yet living, by which means the Timber to be used in the building of Ships, which the Oak (as he and Pliny both express it) will acquire may be felled in Winter or any other Time, as I am a Sort of Eternity in its Duration. And much more told all the ancient Timber now remaining in the will it so, if it be bark’tin the Spring, and left stand- Royal Sovereign was, it being still so hard that it is ing naked all the Summer, exposed to the Sun and no easy Matter to drive a Nail into it: So that Your Wind, as is usual in Staffordshire and the adjacent Majesty has no Need of giving Yourself the Trouble Counties, whereby they find, by long Experience, the of procuring the Alteration or Repeal of that Act, Trunks of their Trees so dried and hardened, that the upon this Account only, though it may possibly be sappy Part in a Manner becomes as firm and durable desirable (because profitable to the Subject) upon as the Heart itself. many others.

Which Way of barking and felting of Timber, T'is true, indeed, that the barking or pilling the though it were unknown to the Ancients (as perhaps it Trees standing is somewhat more troublesome, and is still to all the World beside these few Countries) yet therefore somewhat more chargeable, than when they they seem not unacquainted with the Rationality of the are prostrate, and that ’tis likely People, therefore. Practice; for Seneca observes, the Timber most exposed have usually felled their Timber, as well for Shipping to the Cold Winds to be the most strong and solid, and as other Uses, in the Spring of the Year, for the Sake that therefore Chiron made Achilles's Spear of a Moun- of the more easy and cheap barking it only, than tain Tree. Homer also tell us, that the Spear of any Thing else. Tis true, too, that 'l imber is har-Agamemnon was lyxps — made of a Tree so der to fell in Winter, it being now so compact and

exposed, for which Dydimus gives the Reason: r* yx% firm, that the Axe will not make so great a Riddance ¥ dulfAu(says he) SiAfx trrtptx: — For as it does in the Spring, which will also increase the

that being continually weather-beaten, they became Price of its felting some small Matter, and so of the harder and tougher. And Pliny says expressly as much Sawing afterwards; but how inconsiderable these

for the Sun as they for the Wind, viz.That the Wood Things are, in Comparison of the great Good Your of Trees exposed to the Sunshine is the most fast and Majesty will reap by this Manner of felling (as it is durable; for which Reason ’tis too, that the great plain from what has been said above) I need not ac-r Vitruvius prefers the Timber on the South Side of the quaint Your Majesty, it being (I think) self-evident.

Appenine (where it winds about and incloses Tuscany The greatest Objection that I can foresee will be urged and Campania, and strongly reflects the Heats of the here, in the South, against this Practice, is, that if Sun upon it, as it were from a Concave) incomparably the Timber be not felled till Midwinter, or January, beyond that which grows upon the North Side of the where it grows in Copses and Woods, they cannot same Hill, in the shady moist Grounds; of which his perhaps inclose their young Springs so soon as some Opinion he renders us this very good Reason, for may imagine needful, and therefore will be backward that the Sun does not only tick up the superfluous to fell their Timber so growing at that. Season. To Moisture of the Earth, whence the Trees are supplied which I answer, First, that the Timber so felled in in such shady Places with too great a Quantity, but the Woods or Copses may be easily carried oft’ before in great Measure exhales the remaining Juices (after the Second Spring, and the First it must be there, the Production of Leaves and Fruit) out of the Trees whenever it is felled. But, Secondly, that which will themselves, rendering the Timber of them the more quite remove this inconsiderable Difficulty, is, that close, substantial and durable, which certainly it perhaps Your Majesty may think it expedient that no would do also much more effectually, if the Bark were Timber whatever, growing in Woods or Copses, be at taken off in the Spring of the Year, as is accustomed all brought into Your Majesty’s Yards, for that Tim-in Staffordshire, wdiere the People are content to use ber growing in such shady Places, and so fenced from this Method in their Provision of Timber, though but Sun and Wind as Timber in Woods for the most Part for private Uses. Much rather should it be done then is, cannot be so good as that which comes from an in so public a Concern as the Building of Ships, where exposed Situation, such as it usually has in Your Ma-tough and solid Timber is much more necessary than jesty’s Forests, and in the Chaces, Parks, and Hedge inordinary Buildings. Nor can I yet meet with any Rows, or upon Fields of Your Subjects, where too material Objections, either from the Staffordshire Gen- it is indifferent, at least/ if not better, for the Pro-tlemen (many of whom I have consulted about this prietor, that it be felled in Winter (when the Grass Affair, since I informed Your Majesty of the Advan- and Com is gone) than in the Spring itself. So that tage of it) or from any others, why this Practice may I cannot see what Your Majesty has more to do in this not be used herein the South of England as well as Matter, in case Your Majesty think fit to make use there. There is indeed an Act of Parliament, i Jac. I. of this Method, than to order Your Officers assigned Chap. 22. whereby Your Majesty’s Subjects are forbid for that Purpose to buy all the Timber under such felting Timber (in Consideration of the Tan) at any Conditions, as to be felled in Winter, enjoining the other Time but between the first of April and last of Proprietor (unless Your Majesty think fit also to buy June, when the Sap is up and the Bark will run, made the Bark) to take it off in the Spring in due Time, on Supposition (I guess) that should they have ad- making him some small Allowance for the greater mitted felting of Timber in any other Season, the Tan- Trouble he will have in pilling it standing. In case ners might have wanted a Supply of Bark. To which Your Majesty shall please also to make Experiment of 1 readily answer, that I fear the Legislators that pressed Vitruvius's Advice, of cutting a Kerfe round each the making that Act were ignorant that the Bark Tree (where intended to be felled) through the Sap might be taken off in the Spring and that the Tree to the Heart, that the superfluous Humour may the notwithstanding would live, and flourish till the Win- easier run forth; it must likewise be conditioned, at ter following, as I have seen many in Staffordshire; so the Time of the Purchase, that the Workmen may

w have

369

have Liberty to come upon the Ground also, to do that about the Beginning of when the Sap first

begins to retire.

Which is all I have met with further at present to inform Your Majesty of, concerning this Matter, wherein, if it should so happily fall out that I have done Your Majesty any the least Service, the internal Satisfaction I shall conceive from it, together with Your Majesty’s favourable Acceptance, will be an ample Reward to

Your Majesty’s most^ loyal and

most obedient Subject,

Rob' Plott.

N.B. — This Copy of Dr. Plott’s Discourse is transcribed from a MS. Copy in the Navy Office; and the preceding Extract of a Letter from Mr.

Pepys, and the Sign Manual following, from the original Papers in the same Office.

James R.

Whereas We have determined to have an Experiment made of a Proposition lately offered by Dr. Plott, of stripping and barkeing Trees standing in the Month of April, when the Sapp ascends, and cutting them dovvne in December, for the emproveing the Duration of Timber; and to that End have given Order, by the Lords Commissioners of our Treasury, that One hundred and Fifty of our Trees in Bushey Park shall be felled in that Manner, and employed in the Service of our Navy: Our Will and Pleasure is,' that you forthwith give Order for One of the Purveyors of our Navy to attend the said Lords Commissioners for his receiving Instructions to repaire to the said Parke, where he is to joyne with such Officer belonging to it as he shall be directed to by the said Lords, and (with his Advice) to viewe and marke One hundred and Fifty Trees, such as (according to the best of his Judgment; may be fitt for the Service of our Navy, and yet to be chosen out (with the Advice of the said Officer) soe as their being cutt down may least tend to the disfiguring of the said Parke; you taking Care that in the Month of December next the said Trees bee accordingly cutt downe, converted for the Service of our Navy, and transported to such of our Yards as you shall judge best. For which this shall be your Warrant.

Given at our Court at Whitehall, this loth of March 1687-8,

By his Majesty's Command,

S. Pepys.

To the principal Officers and Commissioners of our Navy.

N° 34.

(A.)

Land Revenue Office, June 6th 1791.

Gentlemen,

It appearing by Two Letters, dated the 28th of October and 14th December 1687, from Samuel Pepys, Esquire, then Secretary of the Admiralty, to the Commissioners of the Navy, and by a Sign Manual of King James the Second, dated loth March 1687-8, that the King had commanded Experiments to be made of the Effects of a Method recommended by Doctor Plott (in a Discourse on the most seasonable Time of felling Timber) of stripping Oak Trees of their Bark in the Spring, and not felling them until thfe Winter following; we send yon Extracts of the said Letters, and a Copy of that Sign Manual, and request that you will be pleased to inform us if it appears in your Office whether any, and what, Experiments were made, in consequence of those Directions; and what was the Result of them.

Vol. 47.

We also request you to inform us whether the Ship Eleventh Report Royal William, which is understood to have been built l,‘e ,'oar<1 of

J 0 A . I.and Revenue,

more than Seventy Years ago, was constructed oi v

Timber barked and felled in that Manner, and in what State her Timbers were found, when she was reduced from a First to a Second Rate Ship ? what Repairs were done to her prior to that Alteration, and at what Times ? and to what Cause you impute her lasting so long ?

We are informed that the Navy Board, by an Order, dated 28th January 1748, directed the Officers of Chatham Yard to make Trial of some Trees served in by a Mr. Finnin, which had been barked standing, and to report the Difference, if any should he found, between them and Trees felled in the ordinary Way; and we desire you will be pleased to inform us, whether the Trial directed by that Order was made; upon what Ship; and whether any, and what, Report was made to your Board, of the Result of that Experiment.

Mr. Barnard having mentioned, in his Examination before the Committee of the House of Commons appointed in 1771 to enquire how His Majesty's Navy might be better supplied with Timber, that he built the Achilles Man of War with Timber barked in the Spring, and not felled until the succeeding Winter, and that upon a Trial then lately made, it was found that the Timber in that Ship was still very good; we desire you will be pleased to inform us if the Case is know n to you to be as stated by Mr. Barnard, and in what Year that Ship was built? What Repairs have been given to her ? to what Amount, and at what Times ? Whether any, and what, Reports were made to your Board, of the State of her Timbers at such Times? Whether she has been much employed in Service; and if still in being; or when and how disposed of?

About Seven Years since some Trees were felled in New Forest, which had stood many Years without their Bark, and were supposed to have been stripped at the Desire of the Navy Board; but as no certain Information concerning them can be obtained from the Office of the Surveyor General of the W oods, we request you will be pleased to inform us, if it appears to you, whether those Trees were stripped of their Bark by Desire of the Navy Board, and at what Time? and whether any Experiment was made with them for ascertaining the Difference between Timber stripped standing, and such as is felled in the Spring with the Bark on ? and what was the Result of such Experiment ?

And we shall be further obliged to you for Information of any other Trials which may have been made, or any Proofs you may have received, of the Effects produced on the Quality of Oak Timber by stripping off the Bark, and letting it stand in that State for any Length of Time before it be felled.

In Addition to the Information of the State of the Tonnage of the Royal Navy at different Periods, transmitted with your Letter of the 12th of last Month, we request you will have the Goodness to inform us, if it be known to you, what was the Amount of the Tonnage of the Navy in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, at the Time the Spanish Armada was on the English Coast.

We are,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient

humble Servants,

Chet Middleton,

John Call,

John Fordyce.

The Commissioners of

His Majesty’s Navy.

5 B

13° Febru

A. 1792.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

(B.)

Navy Office, 13th July 1791.

Gentlemen,

We have received your Letter of the 6th of last Month, inclosing Extracts of Two Letters from Mr. Secretary Pepys, with a Copy of a Sign Manual of King James the Second, commanding Experiments to be made of Doctor Plott's Method of stripping Oak Trees of their Bark in the Spring, and felling them in the Winter following; and requesting to be informed whether any, and what, Experiments were made, and what was the Result thereof: In Answer thereto we send you inclosed a Copy of the Navy Board’s Letters of the 12th December and 17th February 1687, to Mr. Pepys; with a Copy of One of the 14th 1688,

from him, on the Subject of Doctor P/att's Discourse relative to the stripping and felling Timber, in order to make it more durable; but it does not appear, by the Books in this Office, that there was any Correspondence on the Subject after that Period; and therefore we conclude, that upon the Abdication of King James the Second, which took Place in December 1 (588, the Matter was dropped, and no Experiment whatever made of the Timber which was to have been felled for the Purpose in Bushy Park.

With respect to the 1\loyal Wishe was launched in 1719, but whether constructed with Timber treated in the Manner above alluded to, we are not able to trace. She had no Repairs prior to 1757, when she was reduced to a Second Rate, except what was done in her Annual Trimmings; but as it appears she was Five Years building, it is not unlikely but that her Frame, and the other Materials she was built with, were kept some Time in Seasoning, which, in some Measure, contributed to her Duration. Add to this, that she was in Harbour in an inactive State from the Time she was launched until the Year 1757, for if she had been occasionally in Service, it may be concluded that she would have gone to Decay, as other Ships did, which were built about the same Time, the several Parts of which were probably treated, with respect to the Burning, &c. as the Royal Tis said to have been, by the Report of the Officers of Portsmouth Yard, in their Letter of 23d last Month, a Copy of which is inclosed; a Practice, it is believed, at that Time in general Use, and which may have had in some Degree the Effect they attribute to it.

On referring the Officers of Chatham Yard to the Warrant you quote of 28th January 1748, to make Trial of some Trees served in by Mr. Fir nun, they inform us, they cannot trace that any Report was ever made upon the Subject, nor does it appear by the Records in this Office, that any Trial w-as made in Consequence of the said Warrant.

The Achilles, which is represented by Mr. Barnard to have been built with Timber felled alter the Bark had been stripped, was built in the Year 1757, but it is not known to us, as we cannot trace any Correspondence with him on the Subject, whether that was the Case or not. She was employed in Service from that Time until January 1763; in November following was commissioned as a Guard Ship, and continued as such till the End of the Year 1770.

There was no regular Repair given her until 1771, when she was re-iitted for Sea at an Expence of 5,192/. (as will appear by the Officers Report enclosed) and sent to the JVes Indies, from whence she returned in March 1773, ar>d was not employed afterwards, being found, on Survey, in Want of a considerable Repair. She was sold in 1784.

With Regard to the Trees you noticed to have been felled in the New Forest, after being stripped of their Bark, we are to observe to you, that in the Spring of the Year 1784, Two Oak Trees, and a like Nymber

of Elm, Beech, and Ash, were barked w'hile standing, on the Manor of Beaulieu, on the Border of the New Forest, by Desire of Mr. Mitchell, then First Assistant to the Surveyor of the Navy, and the said Trees were cut down at the Periods mentioned in the Report enclosed, furnished us by Mr. Adams, a Ship Builder in the Neighbourhood, who assisted in carrying Mr. Mitchell's Wishes into Execution, and the Overseer of the Ship Mr. Adams was at that Time building, but no Experiment was made of those Trees for ascertaining their comparative Durability.

We cannot find, from the Books in this Office, or-from any Information we can collect from the Officers of the Yards, that any Trial has been made, so as to ascertain which Timber has the Preference in Point of Durability, that felled after being stripped of the Bark, or what is felled in the common Way; but an Experiment is about to be made on a Sloop intended to be built at Deptford, One Half of her with the Timber stripped in the Mode recommended, and the other Half with Timber felled in the ordinary Way, and both cut from the same Estate, from which we hope to be enabled to form some well-founded Judgment of the Matter.

It is not known at this Office what was the Amount of the Tonnage of the Navy in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, at the Time the Spanish Armada wras on the English Coast.

We are,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient, humble Servants,

Henry Martin*

J.

Commissioners of the Geo. Marsh.

Land Revenue.

(C.)

Sir,

We do herewith return you Doctor Plott's Discourse, touching the most seasonable Time of felling of Timber for Shipping, with our Thanks for the Opportunity you have been pleased to give us of perusing the same; for though it has been always our Opinion, that Timber felled in Winter, when the Sap is retired, must needs be more firm and durable than that which is cut down in the Spring as the Sap ascends, yet we are abundantly confirmed in the Truth of it by the ingenious Reasoning of the learned Doctor in this his Discourse; and if the Method said to be used in Staffordshire, and other Northern Counties of this Kingdom, of barking the Trees in the Spring, and felling them the ensuing Winter, after they have stood hardening all Summer, could be introduced and put in Practice in the Southern Parts of the Nation, we believe it would be very much for His Majesty’s Service: But how to have it done any where but in His Majesty’s own Forests and Parks, when He shall please to have any Trees felled there, we humbly leave to Consideration; and remain, &c.

A.D. J. B. J. G. H.

Attested,

Geo. Marsh.

12th Dec' 1687.

Mr. Pepys.

(D.)

Extract of a Letter from the Officers of Portsmouth Yard to the Navy Board; dated 23d June 1791.

In Obedience to your Directions of the 13th Instant, relative to the State of the Timbers of His Majesty’s Ship Royal William, when she was cut down here in

371

We have carefully examined the Records of Office, but cannot trace that the Timber she was built with had undergone any particular Process; but are informed by some of the oldest Workmen, that the Thick-stuff and Plank was burnt (instead of being kiln’d) also that the Ends of the Beams, the Faying Parts of the Breast-Hooks, Crutches, Ridfrs, Knees, &c. &c. were gouged in a Manner then pracflsed, and which was called Snail-creeping, by which Means the Air was conveyed to the several Parts of the Ship, which otherwise could not have received that Advantage, and which, we apprehend, was very useful to her Preservation. We herewith beg Leave to inclose a Copy of her Survey, as taken a-float in December 1785.

Attested,

Geo. Marsh.

(E.)

Extract of a Letter from the Officers of Portsmouth Yard to the Navy Board; dated lith January 1771.

Having, in Obedience to your Warrant of the 7th of December last, taken His Majesty’s Ship the Achilles into the North Dock, to repair the Damages she sustained in the late bad Weather, pray Leave to observe, that the Timbers of the Frame, both within and w ithout, where Stuff has been taken off, proves exceedingly sound.

Attested,

Geo. Marshy

(F.)

Copy of a Letter from Messrs Adams and Atwell, to the Navy Board; dated Bucklershard, 22d June 1791.

Honourable Commissioners,

We pray Leave to acquaint you, that on Receipt of your's of 13th Instant, we have examined our Memorandums respecting the Trees on which the Experiments were directed to be made by the late Mr. Mitchell, which arc as undermentioned; viz.

Two Trees of the following Sort had the Bark taken off while standing, in May, 1784 — Oaks, Elms, Beech,

and Ash.

In the Spring of the Year 1785, none of them ceased to vegetate. In the Spring 1786, the Elm and Ash produced Leaves on the Upper Branches, and the Beech were in full Vegetation; the Oaks to Appearance were dead, as no Leaves were produced at that Season of the Year; that in the Fall of the Year 1787> One Oak and One Elm were cut down, as at that Time the Elm appeared to be dead also, the Sap and the Spine appearing perfectly sound and hard when converted. In the Spring 1788, One Oak, One Elm, and One Ash, were cut down, the Ash being also to Appearance quite dead, and when converted were found to be exceedingly sound and tough. In the Fall of the Year 1788, the Beech were also cut down, which, notwithstanding the Bark had been off upwards of Four Years, were in full Vegetation, but were both very doated. In the latter End of the same Year, by Desire of the late Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Atwell sent a Piece of each Tree in a Box directed to him at the Navy Office; and that some Time afterwards he received a Letter from Mr. in which he

informed him that he had received the said Box, and did not expect to find the Oak so near the Weight of Green Oak. The remaining Ash wras cut down in the Fall of the Year 1790, and was found perfectly sound and tough.

We are,

Attested, llonble. Sirs,

Geo. Marsh. Your most obed' Serv*,

Henry Adams.

J.

N, Eleventh Report

35* of the Board of

Redbridge, 2d May 1791* Land Revenue.

Gentlemen, v — ’

In Answer to Mr. Harrisons Letter of the 29th last,

I beg to acquaint you, that as stripping Trees of their Bark standing has not been a Practice in the Country, I have not been able to ascertain exactly what the Difference of the Expence will be between that and the usual Way of stripping For the Trees which have been stripped standing in the Forest, the Difference which the Deputy Surveyor paid was Four Shillings a Load; that is, for a Coppice Load, which contains 60 Yards in Length, as set to the Poles, which for stripping in the usual Way for that Kind of Bark the Price is Nine Shillings; but I think it was an Imposition, the Difference, in my Opinion, ought to have been no more than Two Shillings.

By stripping Trees standing, I do not conceive that there would be much Loss of the Bark, or any Injury done to their Tops; as I think the Tops should be cut off the Trees at the stripping Time, and stripped on the Ground, or such Parts of them that were not considered as Timber, and to go with the Bodies of the Trees: For by this the Trunks of the Trees would be got at with more Ease, and the Bark stripped with greater Facility, though it would certainly he attended with more Trouble than the usual Way of doing it, and consequently would be more expensive; but I judge that Tw o Shillings a Load, in Addition to the usual Price, (I mean a Coppice Load) would he a sufficient Compensation, and less, if the Practice should become general, as the People would be better acquainted with it.

The Trees that were stripped of their Bark standing in the Forest, in the Spring of 1789, came out in Leaf and vegetated nearly as vigorous that Sprint as the other Trees; but last Spring their Vegetation was weak, and most of them appeared in a dyiiuv State; and I judge that the Whole of them will be quite dead this Summer, and think that they should be felled in the Autumn of 1792, and so on for the others, at the same Distance of Time from their bein<* stripped.

The old Trees, which I supposed to have been stripped of their Bark standing in Walk, and which I had felled Seven Years ago, I remember them to have been perfectly sound; but not having at that Time any Ideas for what Purpose they might have been stripped, I did not take particular Notice of them. In a Conversation I had some Time afterwards with the late Mr. Mitchell, he informed, that he had found by a Minute of the late Mr. Bately's, that he had some Trees stripped of their Bark standing in the New Forest and in AshurstWalk. I judge that this must have been when Mr. Bately w as one of the Builders Assistants of Portsmouth Yard, which was between Fifty and Sixty Years ago, and therefore imagine that these were some of the Trees that he had stripped at that Time.

I am,

Gentlemen,

With much Respect,

Commiss" of the Your most humble Servant,

Land Revenue. Tho‘ Nichols.

N* 36.

Navy Office, 23d January 1792.

Gentlemen,

We have received your Letter of the 13th Instant, desiring to know the Terms on which the Shipwrights of the several Yards, towards the Close of the last War, offered to discontinue the Practice of carrying out Chips, upon a reasonable Compensation being made them; and likewise our Proposition to the 6 Right

Vol. 47.

1

Eleventh Report Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the of the Board of Admiralty, in consequence thereof: We herewith van ^vtnuf', sen(j you Copies of the Correspondence with their Lordships, and Commissioners and Officers of the several Yards, on the Subject; also a Copy of our Letter to their Lordships, of the 25th October 1783, recommending our entering into an Agreement with the Men thereon, to which we have received no Answer.

We are,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

Henry Martin.

Hcnslffiv.

Commiss'* Land Revenue. Geo. Marsh.

Navy Office, 1 Octr 1783.

Sir,

We desire you will please to inform the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, that having taken into Consideration the many enormous Abuses committed under the Indulgence of Chips, and wishing to apply every Remedy in our Power to so growing and wasteful an Evil, we have embraced the first Opportunity, since the Return of Peace, to renew and enforce the old standing Rules of the Navy concerning the m; but though the Execution of these Orders has been pressed from Time to Time, yet on attempting the present Reformation, we found that the Abuse had reached such a dangerous Height, as required Firmness and Resolution to encounter it.

Our Attempt, however, has produced an Offer from Plymouth Yard, to give up the Privilege of Chips for 5 d.per Day to the Shipwrights, a Sum that, with the present Pay, will be 1 s. less than House Carpenters receive in London, and 2 Gd. per Day less than is given in Merchants Yards.

The Custom hitherto has been for the Men to leave off Work perhaps Half an Hour before Bell Ringing, and even during Working Hours, to cut up clandestinely useful Timber to complete their Bundles, which are frequently sold as high as 1 s. each, and probably cost the Public Twice as much; and, though there be nothing so frequent in our Minutes as Orders respecting Chips, yet the Abuse has still returned, and Public Affairs at Times so critically circumstanced, as to put it out of the Officers Power to take proper Notice of it. From these Considerations, and the Impossibility of keeping this Evil under proper Restraint, we submit to their Lordships the Propriety of empowering us to treat immediately with the Shipwrights of Plymouth Yard, as an Example to the other Yards, who, we doubt not, will accept the Proposal, if we can Once establish it at any particular Place.

We would propose instead of 5 to the Shipwrights, 2 d. to the House Carpenters, and 2 d. to the present Servants, till they have finished the Terms of their Apprenticeships. This additional Wages to be entered an extra Sum on the Pay Books, as in lieu of Chips, that the Perquisites may never on any Pretence come into future Use. That there should be no Alteration in the other extra Pay; and that no Servants, after the present Sett, should be entitled to Chips, or any Allowance in lieu of them.

By seizing the present Opportunity, which we most earnestly recommend to their Lordships, the Public will have the full Advantage of the Common Working Hours; incredible Quantities of Useful Timber will be preserved from Waste; Opportunities of secreting valuable Stores, such as Copper, Brass, &c. will be taken away; and the Discipline of the Yards in a great Measure restored. In short, by closing in with the present Proposal, an Evil for which no effectual Remedy could ever be found, yet of such a

pernicious growing Nature, as to threaten the worst Consequences to the Sendee, will be at once subdued, and the Public gain in Time, and save in Timber and other Stores, infinitely beyond the additional Expence. Indeed the Expence can hardly be reckoned more than an Equivalent for the Working Time that is now lost in making up the Bundles.

We are,

Attested, Sir, &c.

Geo. Marsh.

Philip Stephens, Esquire.

Navy Office, 2j,th Oct' 1783.

Sir,

Having since our Letter of the 1st Instant, informing the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty of an Application from the Shipwrights of Plymouth Yard, lor an Allowance of Wages in lieu of Chips, received a like Application from those at Chatham and Portsmouth, we send you the same herewith; and, as we have no Doubt, from the Shipwrights of these Three principal Yards having made this Application, that the others would readily come into it, we beg Leave earnestly to recommend to their Lordships the entering into Agreement with all the Yards, for the Reasons assigned in our before mentioned Letter, as we have no Doubt but the Expence incurred in the Ordinary of the Navy will be trebly repaid on the Extra.

We are, &c.

Attested,

Geo. Marsh.

Philip Stephens, Esquire.

N* 37-

Copy of a Letter from Thomas Mitchell, Esquire, late First Assistant to the Surveyor of the Navy, to John Fordyce, Esquire, One of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Navy Office, 28th February 1789.

Sir,

A Correspondence for some Time having been kept up between the late Lam. Yearns, Esquire, her Imperial Majesty’s principal Builder at St. Petersburg, and myself, through the Means of the late Admiral Sir Charles Knoreles, I requested he wrould send me the State of Ship-building in that Country, the Materials made Use of for that Purpose, and what Proficiency had been made in the Art. Mr. Yearns appeared to be a sensible experienced Gentlemen, having at that Time been more than 46 Years Master Shipwright in that Country, and, as he then informed me, was more than 76 Years of Age. As his Account relates much to your 15th and 16th Queries, I shall give it in his own Words.

St. Petersburg, 16 August 1783.

" The Crown Ships at this Place are built of Oak,

" transported from Cazan, and other distant Places,

" by the Communication of several Rivers. ’Tis usually " on its Way hither Two Years; and, although brought " down in Vessels, yet by Accidents frequently becomes " so Water-soaken, as scarce ever to dry again. The " Nature of it is much the same as the American, of " an open spungy Grain, and, of course, not very " durable.

" Substantial Knees, or Compass Stuff, are not " over plenty; to supply the Place of the former, we " use the Roots of White Pine, which are as durable " as the Oak; and for the latter, our circular Timbers are formed from large Logs, to be sure much " grain-cut. Long Plank is not wanting from " Thirty to Forty-five Feet and upwards: But for " Want of Mills, or good Sawyers, it comes down

" so

Gooffh

373

" so badly hewed, that every Piece must be trimmed " on both Sides, to render it fit for the Purpose " wanted.

" In Archangel\ the Crowns Ships are built of " Larch, a Wood rather preferable to Oak, in Point " of Duration, but, in respect to Moulding-Stuft the " same as the Oak. Store Ships and Merchant Ships " are all built of Fir, mostly after the Hollanders' " Fashion. Workmanship in general is but coarsely " performed in this Country. To serve a regular Apprenticeship is not known; and every one who can " use his Hatchet is looked on as a Carpenter. The " Hatchet and Adze are the only Tools they are anywise dextrous with. Augers, Planes, Mallets, Chissels, and Hand Saws, are very badly handled by " them; so you may judge how our Workmanship is in " general performed.

" As there are a fixed Number of Workmen kept " up, in case of Mortality the Number is completed " from Recruits, that are Yearly taken for the Army, " &c. &c. who, by a little Practice, become as useful " as the rest. notwithstanding all this, there are to " be found, here and there, some ingenious Men. " Freedom and Vassalage have their different Effects;

" the latter too often suppresses the most shining " Qualifications.

" In former Days, when the Emperor Peter the " First lived, our Profession was in great Esteem.

" Himself was a Master Builder, and, in short, even " so of every Profession concerning the Marine. He u fixed the Salaries of all in the Navy, very sufficient " at that Time for a plentiful Maintenance; but as " Commerce and Population are since immensely increased, the Situation of the lower and middle Sorts " wears not the Face as it did formerly, when Men of " Fortune were brought up in the Line of Builders, and " the Profession in universal Esteem. Every thing,

" even in my Time, bore a very reasonable Price; but " of late Years it has sprung up to double the Price,

" or more.

" The Quantities of Iron that come down to this u Place are very great; the Government has its Mines, "as well as great Number of Private Merchants and " Gentlemen; but the Admiralty do not confine " themselves to use any particular Sorts, either the " Produce of the Crowns Alines, or those of private " Persons, but purchase it, promiscuously, in such " Quantities as the Occasion requires it, standing out " the usual Proof."

Thus far Mr. Yearns on this Subject.

Thos Mitchell

John Fordyce> Esquire.

a Kind of Basons or Canals, under which Ships lie a-float, l >ycnth n. port and where Four or Five old rotten small frigates and |(evJ,iue. Sloops are actually sheltered at present, I heir Masts having been taken out. There are about '1 Dirty ot those Sheds along both the Sides, and at the upper End of a Canal, all contiguous to and communicating with each other, besides a great Number for keeping Stores, and various other Uses.

Question 2. The Size of the Ships, as to Tonnage and Number of Guns ?

Answer. There are just now Eighteen large Ships on the Stocks in the Arsenal of Venice, and Four somewhat smaller. The largest carry Eighty Guns, but have only Fourteen Guns on a Side on the Two Decks, and the rest are on the Quarter Deck and Forecastle, small Guns, Six and Four Pounders. The largest on the lower Deck have a Diameter of 6}

Indies English, and carry Balls of about 32 lb. Weight, which they call 50; the Guns on the other Deck are about 0 Inches Diameter. The other Ships, which they call Frigates,§ carry from Sixty to Seventy Guns,

Thirteen on a Side on the Two Decks, and the rest small Guns above; the Caliber is about 24 Pounders.

They use Brass Guns on their Men of War, and have a good Number in the Arsenal, the greatest Part in good Condition; they ‘ weigh from 4,500 lb. to (>,000 lb.; but their Iron Guns are very clumsy and bad, few of them appearing fit for Use. Fourteen of their largest Ships have only 126 Venetian Feet Length of Keel, and 38 Venetian Feet extreme Breadth, 18 Feet Hold, and about 6 Feet between each Deck. The Gun Ports appear crowded, and the Space for managing them too small. The others, that have been laid down a few Years ago, are 140 Venetian Feet Keel, and the Scantling of their Timbers is a good deal larger, though still not large enough, nor placed close enough for Fighting Ships. They have no small Frigates of any Kind built or a building; and, excepting the above mentioned, their Navy at present consists only of Four of their largest Ships at Corfu, and One in the Arsenal under Repair; Four of their frigates ot 60 to 70 Guns, Four Sciambers, and Twelve Gallies.

Question 3. Whether they are continued at the Places they were built at?

Answer. The -Ships remain under the Sheds till launched.

Question 4. If entirely finished, or in what Degree ?

A ° V

Answer. They are quite finished on the Outside before launching, but the Joiners Work, &c. is generally done after they are in the Water.

N# 38.

Questions proposed to John Strange, EsqT, late British Minister at Venice, at the Desire of Sir Charles Middleton, Bart. Comptroller of the Navy; with his Answers.

Question 1. The Manner in which the Ships are preserved from the Weather?

Answer. The Venetian Ships of War are built, and preserved from the Weather while building, under Sheds covered with Tiles, resembling the Roofs of Houses, supported mostly by Brick Walls on each Side, to defend the Workmen in Winter from the Inclemency of the Weather; which Walls are as high as the upper Parts of the Ships reach, and secured by cross Beams high enough to admit of the Ships being launched under them. The Sheds cover the Ships completely on both Sides, but are open at the Stem and Stern, only projecting a few Feet further out, and there they have temporary Covers of Boards to keep out the Rain. There are also in the Arsenal of Venice some Sheds of a similar Construction over Vol. 47.

Question 5. How long the oldest of them may have remained in their present State ?

Answer. The oldest of them near Three-fourths of the Whole, have lain about Fifty-nine Years under the Sheds; some of those are still only bare Frames, with no more than the necessary Planks to keep them together; others are partly or altogether caulked.

Question 6. If subject to decay, and in what Degree, compared with Ships a-float ?

Answer. Those Ships that have remained so long on the Stocks, under the Sheds, do not shew any outward Marks of Decay, only their Timbers are evidently shrunk very much; and it is natural to think, that, the whole Moisture and Sap being so thoroughly dried up and withered, the Wood must become brittle, and would be apt to fly into Splinters in an Action. I have also been told, by some of the most intelligent Venetian Shipwrights, that great Prejudice is derived irom the Custom that prevails here of throwing the Timber, fresh cut, into Salt Water, and letting it lie there till wanted; afterwards it is dried and withered on the Outside under the Sheds,

5 C whJle ’

A. 1792.

374 13" Februarii.

Eleventh Report of the Board of Land Revenue.

while the Inside, being soaked with Salt Water, rots before it becomes dry; and this may be one Reason, amor g several others, why the Venetian Men of War, though built of good Timber, last so short a Time; for the Salt Moisture not only rots the Inside of the Beams and dim hers, but of course rusts and corrodes the Iron Bolts, of which they use a very great Number. Besides, the Scantling of their Timbers seems by far too small, and the Distance between them too great; the Side of an English Frigate of Twenty Guns, I am confident, is stronger, in every Respect, than that of a Venetian Ship of Eighty. The Weight of their Guns alone would be sufficient to tear them to Pieces in the heavy Seas in the Ocean. It requires the Observation and Experience of those of the Profession to determine whether Ships are more liable to decay in the Water, and exposed to the open Air, than under Cover. Sheds are certainly preferable in building, or giving a thorough Repair to Ships; as, in the First Case, the Timber is preserved from the Inclemency of the Weather, and seasoned at the same Time; and, in the last, the Work is not liable to Interruption. But it does not appear so clear that laying up Men of War under Sheds is attended with equal Advantage or Convenience: The Masts must be taken out, and the Air never can circulate freely under such Covers, however well contrived.

Question 7. If any Parts are left open for Air, and what?

Answer. There seems to be no settled Rule here in this particular, though doubtless it is of Importance; in some of the Ships a Plank is left out here and there in the Bottom, and others have been fully caulked these many Years; and Two or Three have even the Port Holes and Hatches shut.

Question 8. How guarded against Accidents ?

Answer. During the Night there is a Guard of about a Hundred Men, composed of those who are in the Service of the Arsenal. In the Day there are People who attend at the Gate, and take down the Names of Strangers; and none but those belonging to the Arsenal are permitted to walk in it, without some Person attending the m.

Question 9. If not subject to Decay, whether the Frame is not thought better for standing ?

Answer. As before observed, the Frame is no Doubt better for standing a few Years under the Sheds, till the Wood is thoroughly seasoned; but not till it becomes quite sapless and withered.

Question 10. If the Bottom and Sides are caulked, qr left uncaulked till ordered to be launched ?

Answer, Some of the Ships have remained near Sixty Years with their Ribs quite bare like Skeletons, and some others have been caulked almost as long: In both Cases they have probably suffered Detriment and could not be depended on without a thorough Examination, which, however, is much more easily performed in those that are uncaulked. The Seams of those that have been so long caulked, are very wide, and nothing hinders the Oakum from falling out but the Pitch, wherewith they are well smeared: Their Way here is to dri\'e in the old Oakum, and before launching give a fresh Caulking; and though the Planks are in several Places so much shrunk that they seem to require new Pieces, yet the Workmen say the Whole is filled up with Oakum. If this Method is practised without Exception, their new Ships are little better than their old.

Question 11. How soon they can be put into the Water, from the State they are in, if wanted for Service ?

Answer. Five or Six of the Ships, in the greatest Fonvardness, might be put into the Water in a Month’s Time, supposing the superficial Method indicated in the last Article were adopted; but if the Work was done as it ought to be, I fear it would require Six Months; though none but a professional Judge can determine this Question, and these, I apprehend, are very different in England from what they are at Venice.

Question 12. Whether painted, or not, before

launching ?

Answer. They are never painted before launching; but the Bottom is well sheathed with Larch, which makes an excellent strong Sheathing, and covers, at least, all Defects as far as it reaches.

Cha'

Land Revenue Office, In"

Scotland Yard, John

6th February 1792.

Ordered, That the said Reports and Plans do lie one thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the towards paying oft’ and discharging the Debt of the House. Navy.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

Reports, with the Appendixes thereunto, be printed, as was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by shall be sufficient for the "Use of the Members of the the House.

House.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report Wap Report S«p- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it an<* ^eaD3, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising was referred to consider further of the Supply granted the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee which the Committee had directed him to report to the had directed him to report to the House; which he House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as read; and are as followeth;

fohoweth; viz. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Load Tax.

I ’Navy Debt Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Thirty- Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no ‘ more,

32 Geo. III. 13* Februarii.

375

more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th day of March 1792, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal I'states, in that Part of Great Britain called England, H ales, and the Town of Berwick upon; and that a pro-

portionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Walt. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament, of the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1792, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and upon all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall he made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1792 to the 24th Day of June 1793.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward Eliot, the Earl of Mornthe Lord Bay ham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of Supply. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Estimates, to consider further of the Supply granted to His &c. referred. Majesty;

Ordinary of Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Ma-Navy. jesty’s Navy, for the Year 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Extra Navy. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1702,

be referred to the said Committee.

Disposition Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money, of Grant*. given for the Service of the Year 1791, has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th Day of February 1792, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Nova Scotia. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January 1792 to the 1st of January 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

New Bruns- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of dewick. fraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June Rtpo;tf 1792 to the 24th of June 1793, be referred to the said

and^ Committee.

St. ]ohu’» Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de-island. ' fraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the 1st of January 1792 to the 1st of January >793, be referred to the said Committee.

Cape Breton. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de-

t fraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape

} Bretwij in America, from the 24th of June 1792 to the

1 Vo l. 47.

24th of June 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordercdy That the Estimate of the Sums necessary Newiound-to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers I*0*.

(and other Expences) in the Island ot Acufoundlandt from the 1st of April 1792 to the 1st of April 1793> be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary Bahama to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands. Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1702 to the 1st of January 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Bermuda " Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from Islands.

" the 24th of June 1792 to the 24th of June 1793," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, rl hat the Paper, intituled, u Salary to the Dominica.

" Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the " 1st of January 1792 to the 1st of January 1793," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- New South fraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales Wales, from the 10th of October 1792 to the 10th of October 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordercdy That the Estimate of the Expence attend- Upper ing the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada. Canada, from the 31st of December 1791 to the 31st of December 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, lhat the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. b

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying ciierrill and into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Thir- Caine Hoads teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Petition-repairing the Road from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherritl to the Three Mile Burrough, at the Top of Cherritl Hill, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the sa*»d Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers and Authorities given for those Purposes; and that the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road, at or near the West Corner of a Close, called The Land of Nod in Chittoe Heath, in the said County, and extending through Whet ham, to the Town of Caine aforesaid (being Part of the Roads comprized in an Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) might be better and more conveniently repaired than at present, if the same was put under the Management of the Trustees for the Care of the Road comprized in the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the

Term,

376

13° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Petition respecting the Right of Election for Ludgarshall.

Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for putting the said additional Road under the Care and Management of the said Trustees, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jekyll, Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount AJidleton, the Honourable William Brodrick, and Charles Tounshend, Esquire, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgarshall\ in the County of Wills, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, by a late Resolution of a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of John Drummond and Robert Drummond, Esquires, and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for

Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or wrho may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for preexplaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty- renting sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- puds tituled, " An Act for the further preventing Frauds Seamen's ° " and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Wages, &c. " Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service ordered.

" of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Noncommissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty's Ships: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill respect-extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, and re-

Officers and Seamen, &c# residing in Ireland,

the Borough of Ludgarshall, in the County of Wilts, siding in Ireland: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, and ordered-

severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, and which, on the 15th Day of April last, was by them reported to the House, the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parlia-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

meat for the said Borough was declared to he " in " such Persons who have any Estate of Inheritance, " or Freehold, or Leasehold determinable upon Life

Accounts of Duties on Female Servants; Carts; Waggons; and Houses,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Malmesbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wdt. the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County or Lives, within the said Borough, not confined to of IViin the Room of Paul Esquire, who, entire ancient Houses, or the entire Scites of ancient since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted " Houses, within the said Borough;" and that the the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty's Three Petitioners are not satisfied with the said Resolution, Chiltern Hundreds of and

and are desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose in the County of Buckingham.

the said Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Behalf made and provided: And Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Account of the Annual Net Produce of the Duties Consideration, and grant such Relief as the House shall upon Female Servants, under the Act of the Twenty-think proper. . fifth of George the Third, for Four Years, ending the

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- 5th of 1791.

sideration upon IFcdnesday, the 4th Day of April next, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ordered,

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Account of the Annual Net Produce of the Duty

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, upon Carts, chargeable under the Act of the Twenty-

or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, third of the Third, for Four Years, ending the

as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the 5th of 1791.

Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Memorandum: Account of the Annual Net Produce of the Duty upon

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Waggons, chargeable under the Act of the Twenty-Time appointed for taking the same into Con- third of George the Third, for Four Years, ending the sideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. 5th of April 1791.

Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent That there be laid before this House, an

to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Account of the Net Produce of the Duty upon Ludgershall, according to the Directions of an Houses under Seven Windows, chargeable only with Act, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the the Duty of Three Shillings per House, under the Act Reign of His present Majesty, for the further of the Sixth of George the Third; and also of the Net Regulation of the Trials of controverted Produce of the Duty upon such Houses as are charge-Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in able only with the Duty of One Shilling per House

Parliament.

Billtoamend Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Act31 Geo. lI. explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-for the En- first year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encourage-

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, under the said Act.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee

L-.irs. r,___________________ . i_ on Bill re-

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

couragement of Seamen, ordered.

spec ting the

upon the Bill to remove Doubts respecting the Functions Functions of

ment of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and of Juries in Cases of Libel, be now read.

" for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, " frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages; " and for enabling them more easily and readily to " remit the same' for the Support of their Wives and " Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses " attending such Payments and for further extend-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, That they

Juries in Cases of Libel.

ing the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to

report

377

Committee on Bill respecting Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus.

Accounts of Duties ou Female Servants; Carts; Wagons; and Houses, presented.

Ways and Means deferred.

32 Geo. III. 13" — 14°

report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen intituled, "An Act for reiidering the Proceedings upon " Writs of Alan damn a, and Informations in the Nature " of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights " of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, That Mr. Brent, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Annual Net Produce of the Duties upon Female Servants, under the Act of the Twenty-fifth of George the Third, for Four Years, ending the 5th of April 1791: And also,

An Account of the Annual Net Produce of the Duty upon Carts, chargeable under the Act of the Twenty-third of George the Third, for Four Years, ending the .5th of April 1791: And also,

An Account of the Annual Net Produce of the Duty upon Waggons, chargeable under the Act of the Twenty-third of George the Third, for Four Years, ending the 2,5th of April 1791: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duty upon Houses under Seven Windows, chargeable only with the Duty of Three Shillings per House, under the Act of the Sixth of George the Third, and also of the Net Produce of the Duty upon such Houses as are chargeable only with the Duty of One Shilling per House, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, under the said Act, for the Year 1788, ending the 5th of April 1789.

And then he withdrew-.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Flouse.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 14° die Februarii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1792.

Pit A Y ERS.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Petitions for holders, and principal Inhabitants of the Town "^^siav" and Neighbourhood of Boynton, in the Counties of yr;ld* 3V. Hertford and Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York',

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill rrspret-Reading of the Bill (now- ingrossed) to remove Doubts inS the Innc-respecting the Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel, in"*,"', of"* be now read Libel, passed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Alanine Contradicenlc, That the Bill do pass: And that the 'fitle be, An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel.

Ordered, That Mr. Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ' Bill resp#ct-prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of ingCertifi-Servants Characters: And that Mr. Adam, Mr. Hare kins Broune, and Mr Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the ructert or_ same. dered.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Hastings-Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to H estmin-ster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And lie w ent accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings,

Esquire, be now called over.

And they were called over accordingly; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 47. 5D A Petitioc

0^0

14° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Farringdon and Burford Road Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and monable Lands, in such Manner, and subject to such others, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made Regulations, as the House shall think proper, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Mr. Pockin and Mr. George Sutton do prepare, and Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Buford, bring in, the same, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed A Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, was delivered in Pontefract by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That Pontefract Election-same in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable is an ancient Borough of Burgage Tenure, and an 1,41,1,011 of Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized ancient Corporation; and that the only Persons legally to be taken upon the said Road, which cannot be entitled to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for paid off, nor can the said Road be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless some of the Powers of the said Act are altered and enlarged, and the Term thereby granted, which is near expiring, be continued:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to

Mr.'Walib

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for regulating 'Trials of Controverted Elections,

The Lords will proceed on Mr. I l as-tirws’s Trial.

The Lords have passed

r> A Vail on’s

ISaL Bill.

bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the

\ f o

said recited Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Plumer, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of certain Acts of Parliament made to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Leeds and Air. Pepys:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Baptist ;to which the Lords

desire the Concurrence of this House.

the said Borough are such as have within the said Borough a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent; and that, on the 21st Day of June last, an Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough came on, at which Election Smith, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, in Prejudice of the Right of the real Electors of the said Borough, the Alayor and Returning Officer rejected the Votes of Persons having within the said Borough a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent, who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and permitted a Number of Persons to poll for the said John Smith who had no Right to vote, and returned the said John Smith, though the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as he shall appear to merit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 10 th Day of next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Anil then the Alcssengers withdrew.

Hedmile Inclosure Petition.

Air. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Account of Directions of an Act of Parliament, A'ldmons to

An Account of all Additions which have been made ciur-eofth* to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt by the In- Public Debt terest on Annuities, for or on Account of any Loan presented.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of which hath been made subsequent to the passing of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Redmi/e,in the an Act, of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repeal-read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Aleadows and Pastures, and oilier Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and that the Property in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, and also the said Common Aleadows and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, are, in their present Open State, incapable of being properly cultivated and improved, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, the said Lands might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and

ing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and " granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for " applying the said Duties, together with the other " Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of " the European Dominions of the French. King, into " this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed " Alonies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the " National Debt."

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

As

32 Geo. III.

14° Februarii.

379

Land Tax Bill presented.

Aw ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt by the Interest on Annuities, for or on Account of any Loan which hath been made subsequent to the passing of an Act of the 37th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties " of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together " with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this " Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of " Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt."

By virtue of an Act 29" Geo. III. the Sum of 187,000l. was raised by Annuities, after the Rate of 7 /. gs. 9 d. per Cent, per Ann. for the Term of 18 Years and 3 Quarters from the 5th Day of April 1789, and then to cease; which Annuities were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of the 1 Slh and 19th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, payable Halt Yearly at the Bank of England, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund; the Annual Amount whereof, with the Charges of Management of the same, is ——

By virtue of One other Act of the same Session, the Sum of 1,002,500l. was directed to be raised by Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, distributed into Classes, and to be paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund (but, by certain Person or Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments, a Deficiency was occasioned, whereby the Sum on which the Annuities granted were payable, amounted only to the Sum of 1,002,099) Part of which said Annuities, by an Act of the 30th Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, were converted into Annuities for a certain Term of 69 Years and One Quarter from the loth of October 1790, and were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of Parliament of the 1st and 2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, payable Half Yearly at the Bank of England; vis.

The Charge for the Annuities on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, for One Year, from the 10th of October 1790 to the 10th of October 1791....

Whereof has been reserved at the Exchequer, for the Use of the Public, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, in pursuance of the Act 30* Georgii IIP11; viz.

£. *. d.

For the Quarter ended the 5th of July 1791 - 12,340 18 6f

For the Quarter ended the 5th of January 1792 - 12,332 4 7?

Whereby the Charge to the Public is reduced to

£. s. d. 42,862 1 —

24,673 3 2

18,188 17 10

The Charge for Annuities and Management, payable at the Bank of England, for the Annuities to continue for 69 Years and One Quarter, for One Year, due the said 10th Day of October 1791 ... 24,639 7 2

The Charge incurred by George At (wood, Esquire, Inspector of the Tontine Certificates, to defray the Expence attending the Execution of the above Acts ----- ---- -- - 2,800 — —

£. s. d.

14,159 2 10

45,628 5 —

59,787 7 10

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the 7th Day of February 1792.

George Rote.

Ordered That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Henri/ Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty Vox.. 47.

by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the

Service of the Year One thousand Sevan hundred and Ninety-two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

Public Debt

380

14° Febru

A. 1792-

Malt Bill presented.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Air. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, naliCtitions* ^av'ng Estates in the Neighbourhood of JVolverhamp-

Wyrley and Woiver-

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from Report; — the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Supply, referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as

followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordinary of That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Seventy-two NavJ-thousand Four hundred and Eighty-two Pounds, be

reported. to*h the County of Stafford; and also, the Petition granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy,

t

of the Alercliants, Factors, Manufacturers, and others. Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of Stafford, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Braun being examined, said. That

including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extra Navy, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of the Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year

792.

1 '

Collateral Cut may be made from such Canal, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, into a Farm called Stow Heath, in the same Parish, being about the Distance of 880 Yards; and that Two other Collateral Cuts may be also conveniently made, one from the Line of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Deficiency of That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Thirty-six Grants, thousand Nine hundred and Ninety Pounds, Eighteen Shillings and One Half-penny, be granted to His by Surveys lately taken, fit appears a Navigable Canal Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for may be conveniently made from or near Wyrley Bank the Service of the Year 1791.

to a Place called Birch ill, near The Green Lanes, in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Nova Scotia, the Parish of Walsall, and from the said Canal, at or That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand 'Three hun-near Snead Common, to the Birmingham Canal, at or died Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six near Wolverhampton;and that a Navigable Branch or Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the

Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st Day of January 1792 to the 1st Day of January 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New Bruns-That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hun- w*c*c* the intended Canal, at or near a Place c.dlc d Pool Hays, died and Twenty Pounds, be granted to IJis Majesty, into a certain Tarin, called Ashmore Farm, being about for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment the Distance of 440 Yards, and the other from the Line of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from of the intended Canal, at or near a Place called Laxley the 24th Day of June 1792 to the 24th Day of June Hays, into another Part of Ashmore Farm aforesaid, 179.3-

being about the Distance of 200 Yards. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sf. John’s

That the making of such Canal and Collateral Cuts, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand and Twenty Island, with such other Collateral (Juts as may be found ne- Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the ccssary. and proper Railways and Roads to the said Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Canal and Cuts, will open a Communication with several Saint John, in America, from the 1st Day of January valuable Alines of Coal, Limestone, and other Minerals, 1792 to the 1st Day of 1793.

and be of great public Utility. Resolved, 'That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cape Breton.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in , from the 24th Day of 1792

Petition, Mr. John Braun being examined, said, That the Towm of Wolverhampton hath immemorially been celebrated for its Hardware Goods and Manufactories,

which hath been carried on with more particular Sue- to the 24th Day of June 1793.

cess on Account of its Vicinity to the Coal Mines — That, owing to the various Canals that have been lately made to communicate with the Alines of Coal with which the said Town hath been heretofore supplied, great Quantities have beeu carried to distant Markets, and the Price thereof much enhanced —

Re, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Newfound-That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Three hun- land, died and Six Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers, and other Expences, in the Island of Newfoundland, from That there are very considerable Mines of Coal in the the 1st Day of April 1792 to the 1st Day of April Manors of Wyrley and Essington, which, if brought to the 1793’

Town of Wolverhampton by Water Carriage, might be Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bahama the Aleans of keeping down the Price of that Article, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hun- Is, ands-and not only supply the Town of Wolverhampton, and its dred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, Neighbourhood, but allow of an Exportation to distant for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Markets. the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and making and maintaining aNavigable Canal from, or from other incidental Charges attending the same, from the near, Wyrley Bank, in the County of Stafford, to com- 1st Day of January 1792 to the 1 st Day of January municate with the Birmingham Canal, at or near the 1793-

Town of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and also Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bermuda certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty Islands, intended Canal: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying Air. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the same. the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the

8 ,

-K

on: 'la

1

32 Geo. III.

14° Februarii.

381

Qominica.

Upper

Canada.

New South Wales,

Reedsdale and Corsenside Inclosure Petition.

Bermuda, or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1792 to the 24th Day of June 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st Day of January 1792 to the 1st Day of January 1793*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Five hundred and Sixty-five Pounds and Seven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from the 31st Day of December 1791 to the 31st Day of December 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Nav South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1792 to the 1 oth Day of October 1793.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of John Reed, Edward Charleton, and John Lowes, Esquires, the Reverend Harrison,

Clerk, Thomas Snaitk, William Forster, and John Forster, Gentlemen, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within and Parcel of the Manor of Reedsdale, and in the Parish of Corsenside, and County of certain Tracts

of Waste Land, Moors, or Commons, called Corsenside Common, and East Woodburn Common, otherwise East and West Woodburn Commons, containing by Estimation 5,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland is Lord of the said Manor, and as such entitled to the Soil, and Inheritance, and Royalties, of and within the said Tracts of Land, as Parcel of and belonging to the said Manor of Reedsdale, and the Petitioners, or their Trustees, Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, and divers other Persons, in respect of their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Corsenside, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Tracts of Waste Land, Moors, or Commons, or One of them; and that the said Duke of Northumberland, and the Petitioners, are desirons that the said Tracts of Waste Land should be divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted, amongst the Petitioners, and the several other Persons entitled to Right of Common, or otherwise interested therein, according to their respective Rights, which would be a great Advantage to their several Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Tracts of Waste Land, Moors, or Commons, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grey and Sir William Middleton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill respect- Mr. Grey, according to Order, reported from the

ing Proceed- Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill to of^Manda-13 exP^a'n and amend an Act, made in the 9th Year of mus, &c. the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for reported. " rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, " and Information in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, " more speedy and effectual; and for the more easy " trying and determining the Rights of Offices and " Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had Vox,. 47.

made to the Bill, and which they had directed him tQ report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Prosecutor may reply a Forfeiture within Eight Years.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Petition of William Frogatt, Gentleman, Agent for Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire.

And the said Petition was again read.

And the House being informed, that a Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex (being a correct Copy of their joint Petition presented to this House in the last Session of Parliament) was now ready to be offered to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That, it appearing to this House that the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the Town and Port of Seaford, presented to this House on Wednesday the I st of February, and ordered to be taken into Consideration on Tuesday the 28th of February, was signed by them, and presented to this House, under the Mistakes stated in the said Petition of William Gentleman, Leave be given to the said Sir Godfrey Webster, and John Tarleton to amend the said Petition by the Votes of this House, so as to render the same similar to the Petition presented to this House by the said Sir Godfrey Webster, and Tarleton, Esquire, in the last Session of Parliament.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 23d Day of November 1775, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, which was presented to this House upon the 10th Day of December in the last Session of Parliament; and also, the Petition of the said Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, presented to the House upon the 1st Day of this Instant February, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine, whether the Petition of the said Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, pre-. s^nted to this House in this Session of Parliament, be the same in Substance with that presented in the last Session; and, if different, in what the pifference con-

5 E sists;

Mr.Fropatt’s Petition relative to Seaford Election considered.

Committee to examine the Seaford Election Petitions.

382

14° — 15° Februarii.

A. 1792.

-sists; and to report the aame, as it shall appear to them, ants of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York: to the House; And also,

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Thomas A Petition of the Inhabitants iof the Town and Pelham, Mr. Fox, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Neighbourhood of Plymouth;

Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Serjeant Watson, Mr. Ryder, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. , Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Glover, Mr. Smith, Mr. Grey,

Mr. Scott, Mr. Broome, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir John Call, Mr. Rose, Mr. Baker, Mr. , Mr. Steele, Sir James St. Clair Erskine, the Lord North, Mr. Long, Captain Berkeley, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Bear-

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir Edward KnalchbuU, reported from the Committee, Folkestone w. to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Hoad Petition

-croft, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Phrner, Mr. Popham, Mr. Names are thereunder subscribed, being Landlords, reP°rt»d* Thornton, Mr. Drake, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Grant, Sir George Owners, and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Tenements,

Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. and Hereditaments, in the Town of Folkestone, and in Bastard, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Coke, Sir Charles the several Parishes of Folkestone,

Banbury; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: Wootton, Denton, and Barham, and else where, adjoin*

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine ing, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to then the House adjourned till Tomorrow them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the -said Committee.

And

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 15* die Februarii j

Anno 32* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1792.

Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Reynolds being examined, said, That he knows the Road leading out of the Town of Folkestone towards the City of Canterbury, through Part of the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, and the several Parishes of Folkestone, Hawkinge, Swingfield, Wootton, Denton, and Barham, in the County of Kent; which Road is about Eight Miles in Length, and is the High

Praters.

P.<n«1 Assent A MESSAGE by Mr. Quartne, Yeoman Usher Road from London, through Canterbury, to Folkestone —

to a Bill. fix. of the Black Rod: That the same is in several Places very low, narrow,

Mr. Speaker, and inconvenient; and is in a ruinous and unsafe

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Condition; and cannot be repaired, widened, and

Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act made commodious for Passengers by the present Me-

agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate thods provided by Law. And being further examined.

Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of he said, That a safe and more commodious Road may

Peers, to hear the Commission read. ’ ~ ~ ‘

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire

be made through Part of the said Liberty of Folkestone, and over certain Lands and Tenements in the Parishes aforesaid, into the Turnpike Road leading from Canterbury towards Dower, at or near the Direction Post on Barham Downs, at a Place called The Four Vents,

of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s in the Parish of Barham; which will be a great Conve-Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of nience to all Persons having Occasion to travel the Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was said Road between and Folkestone, and be of

read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal As- Public Utility.

sent to a Public Bill therein mentioned; and also im- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill powering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, for repairing and widening the Road leading out of His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal the Turnpike Road from Dover, through Folkestone, to Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness Hythe, at a certain Place called Canterbury Lane, with the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Can- in the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, to a certain terbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, 'Place in the Parish of Folkestone, called Mudshole; and and several other Lords, to declare and notify the for making a new Road from thence, through a certain Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the Lord Field called Yaldergates, through Raindeti Wood, over Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chan- Swingfield Minnis, through Denton, and for repairing cellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Graham, named and widening the Road from thence to the Direction

Post on Barham Downs, in the Parish of Barham, at The Four Vents And that Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir John Honyzcood, Mr. Honywood, and Mr. Gipps, do. prepare, and bring in, the same.

also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; which Bill is as followed); viz.

An Act to extend the Provisions of certain Acts of Parliament made to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament

:di

Jill coi ited.

Bi!

4iti<

tstc

'»n ‘I on

4

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Whitchurch thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, paying to the Relief of the Poor, of and boa‘ within such Part of the Parish of Whitchurch, main-

Petitions for A Petition of the Vice Chancellor, Principal, and an Abolition Professors of the University of Glasgow, met in Senate: taining its own Poor, as lays within the County of Trade. V. -And a^60» Salop, which said Persons are the Majority of a Com-

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the mittee appointed by a Vestry Order of the said Parish, Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan: And bearing Date the 15th Day of December 1791, for ob-also, taining an Act for the better Relief and Employment

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assist* of the Poor of such Part of the said Parish, was press. ‘ sented

J_______

-oented to the House, and read; Betting forth, That the A Petition of James Starky, Esquire, High Sheriff Petition Poor of such Part of the said Parish are now main- of the County Palatine of , and of Sir Booth bwT?«»

tained at a great and burthensome Expence; and that Gore, Baronet, Foreman of the Grand Jury at the last UieCourufor the providing a convenient House for their ge- Spring Assizes held at Lancaster, in and for the said Recovery of

neral Reception, and obtaining proper Powers for County, was presented to tha House, and read; Setting Debt*

their Government, Regulation, and Employment, forth, That great Abuses prevail in the Conduct of would tend not only to the more effectual Relief, those employed in Courts for the Recovery of Small

Assistance, and Accommodation, of such as by Age, Debts, established by Act of Parliament within the Infirmities, and Diseases, are rendered incapable of said County, whereby the lower Class of People and

supporting themselves by their Labour, but also to the labouring Poor within the said County are griev-

the Employment of the Industrious, and such as are ously harassed and oppressed: And therefore praying able to work, to the Correction and Punishment of the House to take the Premises into Consideration, the Idle, Refractory, and Profligate, to the Education and to cause Enquiry to be made into the said Abuses, of the Infant Poor, in Habits of Obedience, Industry, and that such Remedy may be applied for the Preven-and Religion, and generally to the Advantage of tion of the said Abuses as to the House shall seem themselves, and such Part of the said Parish, whereby meet.

the Poor, instead of being wholly supported by the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Inhabitants of such Part of the said Parish, would Table.

contribute to the Support, Assistance, and Relief mutually of each other, and be of softie Advantage to such Part of the said Parish, to which they have hitherto been only a heavy and grievous Burthen: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, under such Regulations and Restrictions, and with such Powers and Authorities, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Hill, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Land Tax A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Bill com- Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser-mitted. yjce the year Ques thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Malt Bill A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty committed, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Burden reported from the Committee, to whom West Auck. the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, land Rond and Inhabitants, of the several Counties of Durham and i«-

Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto sub- Pomt* scribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Buddie being examined, said, That the Road described in the Petition, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in several Places, much overflowed or interrupted by Floods and Torrents, and incommodious to Passengers — That the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and amended by the Laws now in being; but if the same was properly altered, raised, widened, amended, and kept in Repair, and necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries were erected and made thereon, it would be of Utility and Advantage to the Public, and would greatly facilitate and improve the Communication between many Towns and Places in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and also between various Parts of the United Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving, the Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike Road, called The Coal Road, near Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elsdon Turnpike Road, at or near Elishaw, in the County of Northumberland, and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, upon the same: And that Mr. Burden and Mr. Milbanke do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Lancaster A Petition of the Sheriff and Grand Jury of the Feiiuon for County Palatine of Lancaster, assembled at the Assizes Dog" °n holden at Lancaster, in and for the said County, the 3d Day of September 1791, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners beg Leave to propose the Expediency of a Tax upon Dogs; and they conceive, that the Practicability of such a Tax will, upon Trial, be found easy, and of its Efficacy and good Consequences the Petitioners entertain the most sanguine Expectations: And therefore praying the House to take the Subject Matter of this Petition into Consideration, and that the same may be carried into a Law, ,with such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Vol. 47.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Avebury In-Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting several Open and cIos"^ejl11 Common Lands and Grounds within the Parish of prMen e Avebury, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Home presented to the House, according to Berwick Order, a Bill for repealing an Act of the Twelfth &c* Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Roads from the " Confines of the County of Bercrick, at or near " Banghouse Wtalls, to Comptons Lanes and and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from " Whitelaw Muir to Comptons Lanes, in the County of Berwick; " and for repairing, widening, and

amending

Walton on the Woulds Inclosure Petition.

Accounts of Sugars im-- ported and exported, ^ordered.

"Kinghorn and Burntisland Harbours Petition reported.

384 15° Februarii. A. 1792

-emending several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour in the said County of Berwick: And the same was received.; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Walton on the in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Open Fields and Meadows in the said Parish are computed to contain Fifty-two Yard Lands and an Half, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, if divided into specific Parts and Shares, and inclosed, great Advantage would arise to the Petitioners and the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Walton on the Woulds, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin, Mr. Parkyns, and Mr. Samuel Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugars Annually imported into Great Britain, with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon, from the Year 1764 to the Year 1791, both inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Raw and Refined Sugars exported from Great Britain in the above Period, with the Amount of the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year, and the Raw from the Refined; distinguishing also the Quantities exported to Ireland.

Mr. Wemyss reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Justices of the Peace, in the Commissions of the Peace for the Counties of Fife and Mid-Lothian, and Commissioners of Supply for the said Counties respectively, nominated by the Land Tax Act for Scotland, for themselves, and on Behalf of the other Justices of Peace and Commissioners of Supply for the said respective Counties, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed the Committee, That the Passages and Communications by the Ferries, betwixt Leith and Kinghorn or Petiycur, and Burntisland, are not only the general Accesses to the County of Fife, but also to the whole North of Scotland from the South; and that the Regulation of the same is under the joint Management of the Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Fife and Mid-Lothian, who are empowered to provide convenient Landing Places at the Ferries within their Counties.

That considerable Sums of Money have been expended by the Heretors of the County of Fife, in improving, the Harbour of Kinghorn or but

that the same, and the Access thereto, is still very inconvenient, and it is necessary that the same should be further improved; and that the Harbour of Burntisland and the Approach thereto is likewise very inconvenient for Passengers, and may be rendered much more commodious — And that the Communication

betwixt the Counties of Ffe and Mid-Lothian would be much more easy and expeditious, were a Pier or Landing Place erected at in the Neigh-

bourhood of Leith. — And the Member added, that the proposed Improvements would be of much Advantage to the Public, and greatly facilitate the Communication from the South to the North of Scotland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by the Passages or Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland, in the County of Fife, and for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places more commodious: And that Mr. Wemyss, Sir James St. Clair Erskine, Mr. Hope, and Sir Thomas Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Annual Net Produce of the Duty upon Female Servants, under the Act of the Twenty-fifth of George the Third, for Four Years ending the 5th April 1791: And also,

An Account of the Annual Net Produce of the Duty upon Carts, chargeable under the Act of the Twenty-third of George the Third, for Four Years, ending the 5 th April 1791: And also,

An Account of the Annual Net Produce of the Duty upon Waggons, chargeable under the Act of the Twenty-third of George the Third, for Four Years, ending the 5th April 1791.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put ir> Execution an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the Town of Lindfield, and from the Turnpike Road between Cuckfield and Crawley to the Town of Horsham, and also the Road from Swingate, in the Parish of Burwash, to Shover Green, in the Parish of Ticehurst, all in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Wheeler being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which now remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor die Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and further Powers granted.

And

Accounts of Duties on Female Servants; Carts; and Waggons; presented.

Hodges and Cuckfield, Ac. Road Petition reported.

32 Geo. III.

15° Februarii.

385

And the Witness added, That the present Tolls are the Petitioners are informed, be empowered to borrow, insufficient for maintaining the said Roads. and take up at Interest, several considerable Sums of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Money, to be applied for carrying on and completing to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the several Purposes thereof, and to make Annual the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Rates or Assessments upon the several Inhabitants and jesty King George the Third, for repairing and widen- Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, Lands, and lleredi-ing the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from taments, within the said Borough and Liberties, to thence to the Town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill enable them to pay the Interest of the Money so to be aforesaid to the Town of Lindfield', and from the Turn- borrowed, and to defray the several Expences aforesaid, pike Road between Cuckfield and Crawley to the Town and there are several other Parts of the said Bill, of Horsham, and also the Road from Swingate, in the which, if passed into a Law, will be very burthensome

Parish of Burwash, to Shover Green, in the Parish of and injurious to the Petitioners; and that the Peti-

Tlcehurst, all in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. tioners conceive the Laws already in being sufficient Thomas Pelham and Colonel Lenox do prepare, and for all the necessary Purposes intended by the said

bring in, the same.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Committee on Public

Expenditure, to consider of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious &c. deferred.’ Speech to both Houses of Parliament as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill, and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Rights, Interests, and Property, of the Petitioners, and others, within the said Borough, would be materially affected, and burthened with a heavy and unnecessary Expence: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Expiring Laws Committee appointed.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Rose, Mr. Henry Hobart, See.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen,

against the and Commonalty of the Borough of Ripon, in the Nation for" bounty of York, in Common Hall assembled, was pavingltipon. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Ripon is an ancient Borough, and the Petitioners, by Prescription and divers Charters, are entitled to certain Rights, Privileges, and Immunities, are Conservators of the Peace within the said Borough, and Liberties thereof, and the natural Guardians of the Rights and Interests of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and its Liberties and Dependent cies; and that a Petition is intended to be presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, within the said Borough, and within the Township of Ripon, in the said County; and the Petitioners are informed that it is intended by the said Bill virtually to repeal the Statute, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the

Public Highways of this Kingdom, so far as relates to y° j€.’B<?a' the Execution thereof, within the said Borough and ^iCy "link fit.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Davallon’g Act for naturalizing John Baptist Davallon, was read Nat. Bill the First Time. read-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Evelyn Shirley, Esquire, Lord of the Petition Manor of the Township or Hamlet of against

in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in the County of JVarxvick, and a considerable Proprietor of Lands in lsI^e°j5iifIC °* the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Places of the Township or Hamlet aforesaid, the Reverend Edward IValkcr, Clerk, Vicar of the same Township or Hamlet, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands therein, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth.

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Land and Ground, within the said Township or Hamlet of Upper Eatington; and that the Petitioners conceive such Inclosure will be very detrimental and injurious to their respective Interests and Properties in the said Common Fields: And

therefore praying, That they may not be compelled to alter the present Mode of Enjoyment of their respective Properties in the same Common Fields, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field within the Township or Hamlet of Upper Eatington, in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in the County oiJUarwick, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if

the Execution thereof, within the said Borough and its Liberties and Precincts, by the Justices of the Peace, and to empower certain Commissioners, to be therein named, to put in Execution, or at their Will and Pleasure to suspend the Execution of the said general Highway Act, which the Petitioners conceive

is an

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill

-J:_______.l._ T»!ll /____ IX . I

improper and dangerous Power; and that, by Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and

nd and whnlpsnmp Prnvisinn innd/> hir flip said flmond an Art marie in tlm KTInik Vnor/if ilio Poiirn Writs

the good and wholesome Provision made by the said general Highway Act, the Streets and Highways within the said Town and Borough, and its Liberties, have been, for many Years past, well and sufficiently paved and repaired, and are now in good and sufficient Repair, and the said Town and Borough is now sufficiently lighted by the Liberality of Mrs. Allanson, and the Two Representatives in Parliament; and that the Commissioners to be appointed by the said Bill will, as Vox.. 47.

amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering the mus, &c. " Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, and In- p^sed.

" formations in the Nature of a Quo more

" speedy and effectual; and for the more easy trying the Rights of Offices and Fran-

and

determining

" chises in Corporations and Boroughs," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

5 E The

Act 26 Geo. III. respecting Greenland, <fcc. Fisheries to be considered.

Contracts and Accounts relating to Convicts, ordered.

Accounts and Papers relating to New South Wales, ordered.

386 15° Ftbrua. A. 1792.

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made in the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 16. After " such" to insert " Plea as lie " or they might have lawfully " pleaded before the passing of " this Act, or such."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon " Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; " and for the more easy trying and determining the " Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and " Boroughs."

Ordered, That Mr. Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Support and Encouragement " of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and " Davis's Streights."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Contracts at present subsisting with Mr.

Duncan Campbell, or any other Person, for maintaining and employing Convicts on Board of Hulks in the River Thames, or elsewhere, together with an Account of all contingent Expences attending the same, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Convicts maintained and employed at this Time by Mr. Duncan Campbell, or any other Person, specifying where, and in what Manner, employed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity and Cost of Provisions and Stores which have been sent to South W or for which Orders have been given for that Purpose, for the Maintenance and Support of the Convicts there, since the last Accounts were laid before the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of Letters from Governor Phillip, giving any Account of the Nature and Fertility of the Land in and adjoining to any Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Probability there is of raising any, and what, Provisions thereon; and of the Behaviour and Employment of the Convicts sent there; and which have been received since the last Account was laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Convicts which were embarked on board the Neptune, Scarborough, and Surprize, the Number that arrived at New South Wales, and the State of their Health at the Time of their Arrival there.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Contract entered into with the Proprietors of the Neptune, Scarborough, and Surprize, for transporting such Convicts.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, such Copies or Extracts of Letters and Papers from the Treasury, and the Office of Secretary of State for the Home Department, bearing Date since the last Accounts were laid before the House, as relate to the transporting of Convicts to New South Wales, and providing for the same.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Extract of a House, by His Majesty’s Command, ?lsp?i.cV

N° 1. Extract of a Dispatch from the King of [^Prussia'to Prussia to Count Goltze, dated Reic August 7th count Goltze 1790; and Translation: And also, — andofLst-

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to ters between Mr. Whilzoorth, dated November 14th 1790: And also, LedsanV N° 3. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Mr. Whit- Mr. Whitzm'ih, dated December 24th 1790: And also, worth, pre-N° 4. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Whitworth to sentct1, the Duke of Leeds, dated Saint Petersburgh, the 10th of January 1791: And also,

N° 5. Extract of die Report of a Conference between the Vice Chancellor, Count D'Osterma and Mr. worth, Held the 22d January (O.S.j 1791; and Translation: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Whitworth to the Duke of Leeds, dated Saint Petersburgh, February 5th 1791.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The First and Fifth of the said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Translations thereof, and the other Papers, are as followeth;

TRANSLATION of the Extract of a Dispatch from his Majesty the King of Prussia to Count Goltze; dated Reickenbach, the 7th of August 1790.

You will have already seen, by my preceding Dispatches, that, in the Conferences at we

had proceeded so far as to sign, on the 27th of July, certain Declarations, by which the King of Hungary engaged to conclude an Armistice, and afterwards a Deliuitive Peace, with The Ottoman on the

Basis of the Status quo before the War. These Declarations, made under the Mediation and Guaranty of the Maritime Powers, have just been ratified on each Side; the Ratifications were exchanged Yesterday, and I send you, inclosed, Copies of those Acts, which you may communicate to the Russian Ministry. You w ill, at the same Time, desire a Conference with the Vice-Chancellor Count D'Osterman, and make the following Overtures to him.

That her Majesty the Empress of Russia will be pleased to recollect that I have for several Years, in Concert with my Allies, employed and offered my good Offices for effecting the Re-establishment of Peace in Europe: That the King of Hungary and Bohemia having, on his Accession to the Throne of his Ancestors, manifested to me Dispositions favourable to such Pacification, a long Correspondence ensued between us; in consequence of which we agreed that a Negotiation should be opened at Reichenbach, in Silesia: That our respective Plenipotentiaries being the re assembled, had proceeded to sign, on the 27th of July, certain Declarations, purporting in Substance, that his Apostolick Majesty would conclude an Armistice with The Porte, and afterwards a Definite Peace, on the Basis of the Status quo, as it existed before the present War; and that he would take no further Part in it, contenting himself with keeping the Fortress of Choczim, as a neutral Deposit, to the End of the War between Russia and The Porte:

That Endeavours should be used to assemble a Coi»-

?ess, for the subsequent Conclusion of a Definitive eace, under my Mediation and Guaranty, and that of the Maritime Powers, which the Ministers of those Powers have also promised, by the above mentioned Declarations signed at Reichenbach: That, guided by my constant Friendship for her Majesty the Empress of Russia, and by my Reliance on her pacific and moderate Sentiments, I thought it incumbent on me to communicate these Events to her Imperial Majesty, flattering myself, that, according to the Example of

<5 the

32 Geo. III.

the King of Hungary and Bohemia, she would be willing to accede to the Principles of the Pacification, of which we have laid the Foundation: That .1 expressly took the Liberty to invite that Princess thereto, and to propose to her to concur in a general Pacification under my Mediation, and under that of my Allies, either in a general Congress, or in such other Manner as may be agreed upon.

These Offers are dictated by the most friendly and disinterested Principle. The Result of my Negotiations with the King of Hungary clearly demonstrates that Principle: and nothing will be wanting, on my Part, towards furnishing, on this Occasion, her Majesty the Empress of Russia with Proofs of my sincere Friendship for her. Having no other Object than that of re-establishing and securing general. Peace and Tranquillity, upon just and moderate Grounds, and such as are proper for maintaining the Balance of Power, I am willing to flatter myself that her Imperial Majesty will do Justice both to my Motives and to my Sentiments, and that she will be pleased to give me a speedy and precise Answer.

EXTRACT of a Letter from the Duke of Leeds to Mr. JVhilzcorth; dated November

14th 1790.

There appears to be some Ground for believing, that the Impediments to a general Pacification, arising from the Determination of the Empress not to accede to the Mediation of the Allies, may be removed by their receding from that Term, and by their substituting in its Place the Offer of employing their good Offices for bringing about a Pacification between the Court of Saint Petersburgh and The Porte.

As the Production of such an Effect is the sole Object which His Majesty has in View, He is of course desirous of employing such Means for its Attainment as, without receding from the Principle which has all along influenced His Conduct, appear to be most likely to bring about an Event so extremely desirable. With this View I think proper to direct you, in case any Overture on this Subject should be made to you by the Vice-Chancellor, to inform that Minister, that, should the Empress agree to enter into a Negotiation with The Porte on the Basis of the Status quo, such as it existed before the Commencement of the War, His Majesty will no longer continue to urge His formal Mediation, but will employ His good Offices and Influence, in Conjunction with His Allies, to engage the to make Peace

on that Principle. You will, however, at the same Time, be careful not to extend this Overture, on the Part of His Majesty, to any Case in which His Interference may be requested, on any other Principle than that I have just mentioned.

As an additional Proof of His Majesty’s Desire to bring about the wished-for Object of a Peace between those Powers, and as much as possible to render the Disposition of the Empress more conciliatory, I must further desire that you will take an Opportunity of insinuating to the Vice-Chancellor, that His Majesty w'ill employ His good Offices and Influence to engage the Turks to give a formal Act of Renunciation of the Crimea, under the Guaranty of the Allies. A Concession of this important Object, as it was the Origin and avowed Purpose of the War, cannot be unacceptable to her Imperial Majesty; and must, I should hope, be sufficient to satisfy her Wishes, and to induce her to agree to a Pacification, on the Terms proposed by His Majesty and His Allies.

EXTRACT of a Letter from the Duke o to Mr. Whitworth;dated December

24th 1790.

My Dispatch, N° 13, which was forwarded to you Vo 1. 47.

38?

by Brooks the Messenger, on the 14th Ultimo, will have

sufficiently explained to you the Sentiments of Ilia Majesty’s Servants on the Subject of the Terms on which they think the Pacification in the North of Europe may be completed, as well as the Line of Conduct to be pursued by yourself in your Conferences with the Vice-Chancellor.

EXTRACT of a Letter from Mr. Whitworth to the Duke of Leeds; dated,

January 10th 1791.

Count D'Osterman this Morning communicated to.

me the Purport of the Instructions transmitted by this Opportunity to Count Woronzowand which contain nothing more than a mere Reference to those lately communicated to your Grace, in which her Imperial Majesty absolutely refuses admitting the Principle of the Status quo, and consents only to accept His Majesty’s good Offices, inasmuch as they may tend to procure for her the Indemnification she requires of Oczakozo and its District.

TRANSLATION of the Extract of the Report of a Conference, held the 2 2d of January (O. S.) 1791, between the Vice-Chancellor Count D'Osterman, and Mr. Whitworth.

The Vice-Chancellor said to the English Envoy, that, with regard to his last Communication, her Imperial Majesty ordered him to declare, that she had, in her late Answers, clearly manifested how impossible it was for her to consent to the Proposition made by England, touching the Pacification with the Turks, on the Footing of the Status quo ante; that now

she can only refer to those Answers, and especially as the Court of England had not hitherto made any Reply to them.

Mr. Whitworth took a Memorandum of what the Vice-Chancellor had just communicated to him, in order, as he said, to make a Report of it to his Court; and afterwards asked whether the Answer which he had then received had already been sent to London.

To which the Vice-Chancellor answered Yes, and read to him the Orders sent the 16th of this Month to Count de Woronzozc;adding, that the Whole had been

forwarded by the ordinary Conveyance of the Post.

He afterwards desired Mr. I to support, on his Side, in the most efficacious Manner, the just Demands of Russia.

EXTRACT of a Letter from Mr. Whitworth to the Duke of Leeds; dated Saint Petersburgh, February 5th 1791.

Count D'Osterman having communicated to me Yesterday the Contents of tire Answ er, which has been transmitted, some Days ago, by the Post, to Count dc Woronzow, I have no longer any Pretext for detaining the Messenger IVijjin, and dispatch him accordingly.

Your Grace will, before his Arrival, have seen the little Effect of His Majesty’s Endeavours to convince this Court of the Necessity of Peace on reasonable Conditions; and that the Empress still abides by her former Resolution, with even a more determined Inflexibility.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before tin’s House, an Account Account of the Time at which Press Warrants for respecting Manning the Navy were first issued in the Year 1791, and at what Time Press Warrants were re-called in 3’or the Yeare 1790 and 1791.

A Petition

15° Febrvarii.

388 ' 15° FebruariL . 1792.

Tealby In- A Petition of Robert Manners, Esquire, Ayscoghe closure Peti- Boucherett, Esquire, the Reverend Henry

don. Doctor of Physic, and others, the Proprietors of several

Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Moors, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Tealby, otherwise Tevilby, in the County of , who have thereunto

subscribed their Names, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Parish are Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, Moors, Grounds, and Common Pastures, wherein the different Properties lie intermixed and so dispersed, that, in their present State, the same are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, Moors, Grounds, and Common Pastures, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Thomas Tatonshend, Mr. Anderson Pelham, and Sir John Thorold, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ludgershall The House was moved, That the Order made upon Election Peti- the 1st Day of this Instant , for taking

tion deterred. jnt0 Consideration, upon Thursday the 15th Day of March next, the Petition of Nathaniel Es-

quire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 5th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, mates — Ac- Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in count of Ex- Qrcat Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 2,5th Dc-of the Army cember 1791 to 24th June 1792, both inclusive, being

— and Ord- 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee, nance Esti- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, fcrred Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in erre ' Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 2.5th June 1792 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25 th December 1791 to 24th 1792, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th June 1792 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great for the Year 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea for the Year 1792,

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments

Committee of Supply.

Army Esti-

of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1792, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Additional to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1791 to 24th December 1792, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces: to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General for the Year 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th December 1791 to 24th December 1792, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Battalions of Foot, serving in North America and the West Indies, from 25th December 1791 to 24th June 1792, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Five Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, the West Indies, and Gibraltar, from 25th June 1792 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Recruiting and Contingencies of His Majesty’s Land, Forces, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to the Troops in Great Britain, and of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States-General, for the Year 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Garrison and Staff Officers and Corps for the several Periods therein mentioned, in the Year 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1792, approved by Lieutenant General Lord Adam Gordon, Commander of His Majesty’s Forces there, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1790 to the 24th of December 1791, both inclusive, and not provided

32 Gf.o. III. 15° — 16°

for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1792 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hairy Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

.Turner’s a Petition of James Turner, of Milbank Street,

Uion' Westminster, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Yellow Colour heretofore used in this Country for painting Coaches, and various other Things, was imported from Abroad, but the Petitioner hath invented a Yellow Colour which has been found to be superior to the Foreign, and is also less expensive, and it is now know n that the Necessity of importing that Article will he almost superseded, and that it w ill become an Object of Importance to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, and that by the great Consumption of Common Salt necessarily used in preparing the said Yellow Colour, the said Invention will afford an Increase to the Public Revenue, and will render the Use of those noxious Arsenical Colours, King’s Yellow and Orpiment unnecessary, by which the Health of the Workmen have been frequently much injured; and that His Majesty was graciously pleased, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 26th Day of February 1781, to grant to the Petitioner the

exclusive Right and Property in his said Invention for the Term of Fourteen Years, and the Petitioner hath, pursuant to a Proviso in the said Letters Patent, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, described and ascertained the Nature of his said Invention, and in what Manner the same was to be performed, and hath caused the same to be inrolled in His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery; and that the Petitioner hath been hitherto deprived of the Renefits of his Invention by the Artifices of certain Chymists and Colourmen, who, taking Advantage of the Specification for preparing the same, which lie had caused to be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery as aforesaid, and being in Possession of the Channels of the Trade, have secretly invaded his Patent, and have supplied the Consumers with an inferior Sort of Yellow Colour at a iower Price, without the Consent of the Petitioner, by which Means the Sale of the improved Colour hath been almost totally taken from him, particularly in the Years 1787, 1788, and 17S9, so that the Whole of his Receipts at those Periods did not amount to the Expences incurred by the Preparation thereof; and that, although the Petitioner hath obtained Verdicts and Decrees in divers Suits in Law and Equity, instituted against some of those Persons, yet the prosecuting such Suits hath been attended with much Expence and Loss of Time to the Petitioner, and the Damages awarded have been only nominal, so that, unless the Term granted by the said Letters Patent be prolonged, and the Property in the said Invention secured to the Vox.. 47.

Februarii, 389

Petitioner for an additional Term, he cannot receive an adequate Recompence for his Labour, Expence, and Time, in bringing to Perfection his said Discovery:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of his said Invention throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, for such limited Time as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Martin, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rcsolvody That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for detcrrc raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° die Februarii;

Anno 3 2° Georgii II. Ith Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Horsham the Petition of the Honourable II idiom Gordon, Election commonly called Lord H’illiam Gordon, and James Bail/ie, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being lawful Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

rJ he House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty-nine Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, w ho were not objected to.

Noic. — 'l hat in the Course of draw ing the said Names, the Names of Nine other Members, then present,* were drawn and set aside; Four on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); and five against whose Election Petitions w ere depending.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Charles Bragge, Esquire; and the Counsel for the Sitting Members nominated the Honourable Thomas Maitland\ to serve on the said Committee.

5 G And

390 16° Februarii. A. 1792.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel, the Door of the House was opened j and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Buckingham A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying md Hanwll into Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Seventh et'* teenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the North Extent of the Parish of Ham-ell, in the County of Oxford leading towards . WarmingtonGate, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road,

which cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the 'Perm of the said Acts, so far as relates to the Road above mentioned, be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made in the said Acts: And therefore praying, 'That Leave may be given to bring in a Pill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road, from the Town of Buckingham to the North Extent of the Parish of Hamcell aforesaid, for such 'lime, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Marquis of 77 Mr.

James Grenville, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Beckett’s A Petition of Gilbert Beckett, Esquire, was

Name Pe- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That tjtion. Martha Turner, late of , in the Parish of

Westbury.,in the County of Wilts, W idow, did, in and by her last Will and Testament in Writing, executed and attested in such Manner as to pass Real Estates, bearing Date on or about the 29th l)ay of Mm/ 1772, give and devise all her Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments at St. Margaret's, in the said County of Wilts, in the Parish of in the County of Somerset, and at in the Parish

of Edington, in the said County of Wilts, with their and every of their Appurtenances, unto the

Elder, of Grange, in the County of Dorset, Esquire, Nathaniel Tcmp/eman, of Lincoln's London, Esquire, and John Gaisfof Bit turn, in the said Parish of Westbury, Esquire, and their Heirs, to the several Uses and Trusts, and to and for the several Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to the several Provisoes and Limitations thereinafter limited and declared, and herein after in Part recited or mentioned; (that is to say) in Trust in the First Place to permit and suffer her then late dear Husband’s Sisters, Mary Talman, Ann Gibbs, and Beckett, and the

Survivors of them, to receive the whole Rents, Issues, and Profits of all and singular the Premisses, for and during their natural Lives, Share and Share alike, and in Trust to permit and suffer the last Survivor of them to receive the whole Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, for and during her natural Life, and from and immediately after the Decease of the Survivors of them, to the Use of the Petitioner the said Gilbert Beckett,

(by the Description of the Second Son of the said PhillippaBeckett) and his Assigns, for his Life, with Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs, during his Life, in Trust, to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to his First and other Son and Sons

successively in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over.

In which said Will is contained a Proviso in the Words following; (that is to say): "Provided always, and it " is my Will and Meaning, that no Descendant of the " said Phillippa Beckett, Sister of my late dear Husband, shall hold or enjoy any Estate, Interest, or " Benefit, by virtue of any of the Limitations and " Uses before mentioned, btrt on this express Condition, that such Descendant of the said Phillippa " Beckett shall, within One Year after such Estate or " Interest shall accrue, take, by Act of Parliament, the " Surname and bear the Arms of my dear Husband " George Turner, Esquire, deceased, and on Failure of " so doing my Will and Meaning is, that the several " Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments " before devised shall descend or go to the Use of the " next Person in Remainder, by virtue of the aforesaid " Trusts and Limitations;" and the said Testatrix died on or about the pth Day of January 1789, without altering or revoking her said Will; and that the said

o o

Phillippa Becleitsurvived both her Sisters, the said

Mary Talman and Ann Gibbs, and departed this Life on or about the iSth Day of December now last past, and upon her Death the Petitioner became entitled, for the Term of his natural Life, to all and every of the Messuages or Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments in the said Will, and hereinbefore mentioned to be situate and being at Stratcn St. Margaret's, and in the Parish of Beckington, and at Tinhead aforesaid, under

or by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said Will, subject to the Proviso or Condition therein contained ot taking the Name and bearing the Arms of Turner: Arid therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him and his Issue Male to take the Surname and bear the Anns of Turner, conformable to the said Will of the said Martha Turner, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Player of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hartley and Mr. Vansit tart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Aldridge presented to the House, according to Hand Cross Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and altering the and Henfield Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening P the Roads irom Hand Cross to Corner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road, leading from Horsham to Steyning, and horn Corner House aforesaid to the

May-pole, in the Town of Ilenfield, in the County of Sussex; and also for keeping in Repair a certain Branch of Road leading from the Direction Post near a certain Place, called The Crab Tree, in the Parish of otherwise Seal, through the Parishes of Nut hurst and Horsham, to the Town of Horsham, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Borough Petition for of Lewes, in the County of Sussex. assembled in their an Abolition Town Hall, pursuant to Public Notice given for that the Slave Purpose by their Chief Magistrates, was presented to Trade* the House, and read; Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Shoolbred, from Account, Ac. the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading ot African to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, Company at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the l"eseme ‘ Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1790 — The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to

32 Geo. III.

16° Februarii.

391

Lnnd Tax Bill deferred.

iUalt Bill deferred.

€< to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper Title And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1790 — Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Tanpler be added to the Gentle-

added to bring men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, in Cros- pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several

Wl'osurc0* Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on

Bill. Behalf of themselves and others, entitled to Bights of

Common on certain Commons or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of Croscombe and Dinder, in the Cuuntv of Somerset.

Croscombe, ' Mr. Tempter presented to the House, according to &c. Inclosure Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons Bill pre-je filed.

Marine Mutiny Bill committed.

or Waste Lands, being Parts of Alendip, Lyalt, and Dinder Hill, within the Parishes of Croscombe and Dinder, in the County of Somerset: And the same was receiv ed; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Public Good; and that, if Hackney Coaches were established and regulated by a Law, in, over, and round the adjacent Parts of the City and its Neighbourhood) it would he also a Benefit to the Inhabitants and other Persons resorting to Bath: That Part of the Parish of JValcot is within the City, and the Uoidue is without the City, in the County of Somerset, and the Magistrates of the City have the sole exclusive Jurisdiction of and over the City, including therein that Part of the Parish of Walcot as is within the Cilv, but the Magistrates of the County have the Jurisdiction over the Residue of the Parish of Walcot that is in the County, which is now very populous from a great Increase of new Buildings and Inhabitants; hence arises an Evil and a Delay of Justice, by Rogues, T hieves, and other disorderly Persons, committing Offences in one Jurisdiction and running immediately into the other, and thereby frequently escaping Justice, which in Part destroys the Welfare of the Place and the Morals of the People: That the Commissioners of the Land Tax and other the King’s Taxes for the City, extend over but a Part only of the City, and from hence arises a Sort of Confusion by separate Jurisdictions and Powers in and over separate Parts of the City; and that there are many other Matters and Things which want the Aid and Authority of Parliament for Amendments, better Regulations, and Government of the City, including therein the said Parish of Walcot, and other Parts adjacent thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Relief in the Premises, in such Manner, and to‘such Effect, as to the House shall seem most reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Bayham, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Ilood, from the Commissioners for Account executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great r^9Pec^u£ Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their "r-

ranis pre-

Order, sented.

An Account of the Time at which Press Warrants for Manning the Navy were first issued in the Year 1791; and at what Time Press Warrants were recalled in the Years 1790 and 1791.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bath Police A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Petition, Council of the City of Bath, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Balk is an ancient City, and of late Years become very populous, from numerous Houses being built and inhabited within it: That the Jurisdiction of the several City Courts of Justice, and of the Power of the City Magistrates, Officers*, and other Persons in Authority in the City, extend to the City7, and also to a certain Part of the Manor of Bathzcick, in certain Cases, by a late Act of Parliament, but to no other Part of the County of Somerset; and that the present Powers of watching, cleansing, lighting, pitching, and paving the Public Streets and Ways, extend in and over the same Parts and Places as the other Powers above extend to, but are found by Experience to be very imperfect, and greatly defective for the Public Good; and that the Extent to which a Licensed Chairman is bound to carry a Fare is now but a small Distance, which is an Inconvenience, and ought to be extended ^nd enlarged, new modelled and regulated, for the

Vol. 47.

Mr. Hairy Hobart, according to Order, reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Sul)P,y* was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read: and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Guards md That a Number of Land Forces, including One thou-Garrisons, sand Six hundred and Twenty Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand and Thirteen effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the 2,5th Day of December 1791 to the 24th Day of June 1792, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d*

That a Number of Land Forces, including One thousand Six hundred and Twenty Invalids, amounting to Fifteen thousand Seven hundred and One effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned

Officers

392

16° Febru

A., 1792.

Charge of Guards and Garrisons.

Officers included, be employed for One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the 25th Day of June 1792 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

serving in North America and The West Indies, for One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the 25th Day of December 1791 to the 24th Day of June 1792, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Difference That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty- That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred between five thousand and Sixty-four Pounds Twelve Shil- and Three Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence, B^uishand lings and Nine-pence One Half-penny, be granted to be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference 1,.^ £8ta. His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen between the Charge of the British and Esta- blishments.

thousand and Thirteen effective Men, for Guards, blishments of Five' Regiments of Foot serving in Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in North America, The West Indies, and Gibraltar, for ~ ~ One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the 25th

Day of June 1792 to the 24th Day of December follow-

Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private

ing, both inclusive.

D*.

Forces in the Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Troops in Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Al- That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Three hun- fndia-lowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Sur- dred Forty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two Pence, geons. Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, for One be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the 25th Day of necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light December 1791 to the 24th Day of June 1792, both Dragoons and Nine Regiments of Foot for Service in

East India, for the Year 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Recruiting That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-eight thousand Land Forces, and Thirty-seven Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, towards defraying gencle6’ c‘ the Charge of Recruiting His Majesty's Land Forces, of the Contingencies of the said Forces, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to the Troop3 in Great Britain, and of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Full Pay to That a Sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand Sixty- Supernume-four Pounds and Eleven Shillings, be granted to His rar>’^fficers-of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Majesty for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Su-Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, for One pernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the 2.5th Day Year 1792.

of June \"]\V2 to the 24th Day of December following, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Generaland

both inclusive. That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hun- Staff Officers

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, dred Twenty-seven Pounds and Six Pence, be granted That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Seventy to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Pay of thousand One hundred and Ninety-three Pounds the General and General Staff Officers in

for the Year 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowances That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Three to the Pay-

inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Seventy-five thousand One hundred and Forty Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Fifteen thousand Seven hundred and One effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and' Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge

Nine Shillings and Six Pence One Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in Acre South

hundred Thirty-eight

Pounds Five Shillings

O

and Two mass.Ge:

D\

Difference between Charge of British and Irish Esta- -blishments.

Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Com- Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to neW’ C' C* missioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces;

Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non- to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their De-Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, for puties and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the 25th their respective Offices; and for the Amount of Exche-Day of December 1791 to the 24th Day of June 1792, quer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the both inclusive. Year 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-nine That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifty-nine thousand Two hundred Ninety-four Pounds Thirteen thousand Seven hundred Ninety-seven Pounds and Ten and Vdrine». Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and in the Plantations, those in Garrison at Gibraltar, Marines, for the Year 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Two Horse Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, Guards‘ for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Cap- of Horse Guards, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen tains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, for One of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the 25th Day of 1792.

June 1792 to the 24th Day of December following, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Officers late both inclusive. That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hun- in the Ser-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, dred Sixty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence, stcaeteof^*e That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two be granted to His Majesty, on Account of the several ral

~ - — Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Q^ecrcgdflf That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand and British Ame-

Ninety-two rican Forces.

and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency,

hundred and Fifty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Battalions of Foot

ll4T>"

/.Lane

MOiN

<A1*

yule<

-iaii(

toy

11:

''ice

'vir,

32 Geo. III.

16° Februarii.

393

Ninety-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to Honourable Edward Finch, the Marquis of Titchfield, His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers Clement Tudway, Esquire, John Esquire,

of His Majesty’s British-American Forces, for the Year George Sutton, Esquire, the Honourable Edward James 1792. , the Right honourable Thomas Pelham, Lord Vis-

Allowance* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, count Donne, Patrick Miller, Esquire, Sir John

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hun- house. Baronet, Galley Knight, Esquire, Charles oHiniish-619 dred aiu^ Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted Bragge, Esquire^ the Honourable Thomas Maitland.

Widows Pen-iions.

Garrison and Stall Oilicers.

Ameucan to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allow-

Forces. ances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

British-American Forces, for the Year 1792.

Chelsea Pen- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, sioners. That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-three thousand One hundred Four Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Three hundred Eighty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, for the Year 1792.

Scotch Roads

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, audibilities. That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Six hundred and Sixty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Garrison and Staff Officers and Corps for several Periods, in the Year 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, previous to 31 That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Seven-Cec;'7^:not ty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two Pence, be provi e 10,. grante(j to jjs Majesty for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, previous to the 31st of December 1783, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-three thousand Two hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1790.

Ordnance for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ,792. That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Seventy-seven thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1792.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Qrilnance,

Ordnance, not provided for in 1790.

Mutiny Bill ordered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Horsham

Election

Committee

appointed.

The Counsel and Agents, before mentioned, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Charles Bragge, Esquire, and the Honourable Thomas Maitland, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows: James Buller, Esquire, Thomas Kempe, Esquire, the Vol. 47.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Honourable William Gordon, commonly called Lord William Gordon, and James Baillie, Esquire; and also of the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being lawful Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Paper* relat-the Directors of the East India Company, attended at ing to Tippoo the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented

1 tt X - 7 r the Nizam,

to the House, pursuant to their Orders, on>

N° 1. Copies of all Orders and Instructions from sented. the Court of Directors, and the Secret Committee, to the Governments of India, relative to the Conduct to be observed towards Tippoo Sultan, and the Nizam, from the 1st of January 1788 to the Receipt of the first Accounts from India of the Commencement of Hostilities with Tippoo: And also,

N° 2. Copies of Minutes of all Consultations of the Bengal Government, relative to the Negociation between Earl Cornwallis and the Nizam, in 1786: And also,

N° 3. Copies of all Correspondence between the Court of Directors, and the Secret Committee, and the Governments of India, relative to the Negociation carried on by Earl Cornwallis with the Nizam, in 1789:

And also,

N° 4. Copies of all Parts of Letters from Earl Cornwallis, and the Presidency of Fort Saint George, relative to a considerable Loan of Money promised by Lord Cornwallis to the Mahrattas, in June 1791: And also,

N° 5. Copies or Extracts of Letters from the late Sir Archibald Campbell to Brigade Major Bannerman, respecting the Purchase or Acquisition of Cranganore or Jaycottah by the Rajah of Travancore: And also,

N° 6. A Paper, intituled, " Information submitted " to the Honourable House of Commons, in Obedience " to their Order, dated 9th February 1792, requiring " to be laid before them Copies of all Correspondence between the late Sir Archibald Campbell u and the Rajah of Trarancore, relative to the Purchase or Acquisition of Cranganore or Jaycottah, by " the Rajah of Travancore."

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

II

Bowes and Sunderland Boad Petition.

394

17° Febru

A. 1792.

Veneris, 17* die Februarii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1792.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Trustees appointed, elected, and authorized, to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one of them made and passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the High Road from the Town of " Bonnes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence through " Staindrop, to Neu'gate in Bishop Auckland, and from

" Neu'gate along Gibb-Chair to Groundless Bridge, and " from thence by Melderstone-Gill, otherwise " Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, " in the said County of Durham," and the other, of the said* Acts made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted " by an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the " High Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County " of York, to Barnard-Castle, in the County of Durham " and from thence, through Staindrop, to A in

" Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate along Gibb-Chair " to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence by Melderston-

" Gill to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, " in the County of Durham," and also of the Creditors on the Tolls arising from the several Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars erected upon the said Road, under and by virtue of the said Two recited Acts of Parliament, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have made great Progress in repairing the said Road, and borrowed several Sums of Money at Interest upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Sums, together with the Interest thereof, have been in a great Part repaid; and that, notwithstanding the Tolls collected, and the Money so borrowed, have been duly applied in repairing and amending the said Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts, yet by reason of the Intercourse and late great Increase of Trade between the Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancastci', and York, and the County of Durham, and Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, many heavy Carriages are continually passing and re-passing along the said Road, and several of them with narrow Wheels, which cut and tear up the Road by reason of its Narrowness, the same not being more than Fourteen Feet in Breadth in many Parts thereof, and the Expence of purchasing Ground to widen and improve the said Road, and of providing proper Materials for repairing the same, which are brought from a considerable Distance to many Parts of the Road, it is impossible to widen the same, and to complete the Repairs thereof, and keep the same in Repair, unless the Terms and Powers given by the said Acts are further continued, altered and enlarged; and that the widening and completing the Repairs of the said Road, and keeping the same in Repair according to the Intention of the said Acts, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Landed Estates in the Neighbourhood, and the Increase of Trade and Commerce in the North Riding of Yorkshire and County of Durham, and the further Commercial Interest of the said several Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster, York, Durham, and the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, and also the Commercial Interest of this King-

doin in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the ’Terms and Powers of the said Two several Acts of Parliament, and for rendering the same into One, and for the more effectually widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tempest, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr.. Morton, from Accounts and the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, present- India/flairs, ed to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several presented. Acts of Parliament,

N*. l. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Bengal, and of the Annual Charges at the said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 2. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Fort Saint George, and of the Annual Charges at the said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

Lor

..rcc

' T

N° 3. An Account (made up according to the latest

Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Bombay, and of the Annual Charges at the said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° .5. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also,

A List of all the Offices, Places, and Employments in the Civil and Military Establishments of the United East India Company, in the East Indies, with the Salaries, or Pay, and Emoluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof.

Together with a Schedule of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Schedule, and the Title of the said List, were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and List are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Dvbr

1

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby and ^h*8^5. Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hail, and clear the same

The Lords

r* ill proceed on Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

Derby Paving, &c. Petition reported.

same of all Strangers, and summon tire Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Wi Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Leeds and

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendis reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Burgesses and other Inhabitants of the Town of Derby was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills and Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Simpson being examined, said, That the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Town are not properly paved, cleansed, watered, or lighted, and are subject to various Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are also in some Parts narrow and incommodious for Passengers and Carriages; and that the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watering the same in a proper Manner, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and rendering the same in all Parts sufficiently wide and commodious for Passengers and Carriages, will be of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons residing in, and resorting to, the said Town. And the Witness further said, That there is within the said Town or Borough a Piece of Waste Ground called Nuns , on which the Freeholders, Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, and Burgesses of the said Borough, have the sole Right of Common, but from which they derive very little Benefit; and that if the said Piece of Waste Ground was sold, and the Money arising by such Sale applied in Aid of any Rates which may be made for defraying the Expence of paving, cleansing, watering, lighting, and otherwise improving the said Town or Borough, it would be of Benefit to the Freeholders, Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, and Burgesses of the said Borough, and of public Utility: And the Witness added, That he apprehends a considerable Majority , Vol, 47.

of the Parties interested are desirous that a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid should pass.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of , and for selling a certain Piece of Waste Ground, situate within the said Borough, called Nun’s Green, towards defraying the Expence of the said Improvements: And that Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, and Mr. Coke of Derby, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Benedict's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to in

the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxham, and also a Lane called Hangmans Lane, near the Gates of the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the Burgh of Montrose, and of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Forfar, North Britain, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the River which is broad, deep', and rapid, intersects the Great Road from Edinburgh and the South of by

Montrose to Aberdeen, and other Parts of the North, and, there being no Bridge over it at that Place, the Ferry is inconvenient and dangerous; and that a Bridge built at or near Montrose would render the Communication betwixt the different Parts of the Country more expeditious and convenient, and be in many Respects advantageous to the Public; but, as that Work must be attended with considerable Expence, and the Persons intrusted to execute it and keep the Bridge, when built, in Repair, must be invested with sufficient Powers, those Purposes cannot be properly accomplished without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring io a BlU for building a Bridge over the River

South

Norwich and Thetford Road Bill reported.

Norwich and Swafi ham Road Bill reported.

Montrose

Bridge

Petition.

Kingdom and Bruntis-lnnd Harbours Bill presented.

Petition for an Abolition of the Slave ' Trade.

Carmarthen Gaol, and Paving, &c. Petition.

South Esk, at or near the said Burgh of Montrose, grant- and other Buildings projecting into thfe Street; and

ing to certain Trustees, or Commissioners, to be therein that the bringing Water into the said Town, better named, all necessary and proper Powers for accomplish- paving, cleansing, widening,. lighting, and watching ing the Purposes above mentioned. the said Avenues, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other >

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the public Passages within the said Town and County of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do the Borough aforesaid, and preventing of all Nuisances, examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein shall appear to them, to the House: for the future, and the purchasing and taking down of

And it is referred to Mr. David Scott, Sir John all the Houses and Erections which incommode the same,

Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday and all the Sheds, Penthouses, Stalls, Bulks, Walls, Pa-iVJ/orning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s lisadoes, and other Obstructions, and the laying the Site Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, or Ground whereon they stand, or of such Part thereof and Records. as shall be necessary, into the Highways and public

Streets and Passages of the said Town and County of Mr. IVemyss presented to the House, according to the Borough aforesaid, and Liberties thereof, will be of Order, a Bill for improving the Communication between great Benefit, Safety, and Advantage to the Inhabitants, the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by the and of public Convenience and general Utility: And Passages or Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

Leith and Newhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers,

Kinghorn and Bruntisland, in the County of Ffe, and and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places more meet.

commodious: And the same was received ;and read the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the First Time. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as

it shall appear to them, to the House:

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Cambridge, And it is referred to Mr. Rice, Mr. Barlow, &c.:

was presented to the House, and read; Praying for an And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Abolition of the Slave Trade. Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Table.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to West Auck-A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Justices of the Order, a Bill for altering, raising, widening, repair- la* Road Peace, Burgesses, Inhabitants,’Landholders, and Pro- ing, and preserving the Road leading from the North B‘nte^e' prietors of Lands and Houses, within the County of the End of the Turnpike Road, called The Coal Road, near Borough of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, West Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elsdon and read; Setting forth, That the Gaol of the County Turnpike Road, at or near in the County of

of the Borough of Carmarthen has no Manner of Outlet Northumberland, and for erecting, building, and making or Airing Ground, and is totally destitute of Water necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, and other Conveniences, which cannot be added thereto, upon the same: And the' same was received; and read owing to the present confined and limited Situation the First Time.

of such Gaol and the Liberties thereof, and there is Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, no House of Correction at present within the said

County Borough, although there is daily Occasion A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inhabitants Tewkesbury for such Erection; and that, as the Gaol has been, of the Borough and Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County Poor. and now is, presented in the Court of Great Sessions of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, 1>etltion‘ for the said County Borough as incommodious and was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, insufficient to answer the general Ends and Purposes That the Parish of Tewkesbury is large and populous, of a common Gaol, being unwholesome, and dan- and the Poor thereof exceedingly numerous and main-gcrous to the Health of the Persons confined therein, tained at a very great and burthensome Expence; and and, as the same is a real Nuisance to the Neigh- that the Petitioners apprehend that the said Poor might bourhood, it is highly expedient that such Gaol be more effectually relieved and maintained, and at much should be immediately taken down and removed, and less Expence, if Powers were given to provide a conve-that a fit and sufficient Gaol and House of Corrcc- nient Place for their Reception, and to employ and re-tion should be forthwith erected in some other con- gulate them in a proper Manner: And therefore pray-venient Situation; and that the Town and County of ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the the Borough of Carmarthen is ill supplied, and in better Relief and Employment of the Poor of, and be-great Want of Water, and often in Danger from Fire longing to, the Parish of Tav/cesbury, in the County of for want of a certain and sufficient Supply thereof, Gloucester.

and the Avenues, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the other public Passages within the same, and the Li- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do berties and Precincts thereof, are very ill paved and examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it cleansed, in a ruinous Condition, and incommodious shall appear to them, to the House: to Passengers, by reason of sundry Nuisances, Annoy- And it is referred to Mr. Martin, Mr. Pulteney, &c.: ances, and other Obstructions, and many Disorders and And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, Irregularities are frequently committed in the Night at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Time in the Avenues, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and and public Passages, within the said Town and County Records, of the Borough aforesaid, for want of the same

being properly lighted and watched; and that several Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ciitheroe Passages and public Streets, within the said Town the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, and County of the Borough aforesaid, are greatly the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-obstructed by sundry Buildings and Erections, and in- liament for the Borough of Clitheroe, in the County commoded by certain Sheds, Penthouses, Stalls, Bulks, Palatine of Lancaster, in the Room of Penn Asheton Steps, Walls, Palisadoes, and Rails, heretofore built Curzon, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said against the Fronts and Pine Ends of Dwelling Houses, Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or

Bailiff,

Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Gross Amount of the Duty of One nm^o 8nd Half-penny per Pound on Tallow Candles, after de-d«te<r. °r" ducting therefrom the Amount of the Drawbacks, at that Rate of Duty, for Four Years, ending the 5th of July 1791; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Produce of the Tax upon Malt, imposed by an Act of the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, with the Allowances deducted therefrom, to as late a Period as the same can be made up.

Accounts of Duties on Candles; and Malt; presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Waring, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross Amount of the Duty of One Half-penny per Pound on Tallow Candles, after deducting therefrom the Amount of the Drawbacks, at that Rate of Duty, for Four Years, ending the 5th of July 1791; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Tax upon Malt, imposed by the Thirty-first of George the Third, from the 5th of January 1791 to the 10th of October 1791, being as far as the same can be made up, with the Allowances deducted.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Flouses of Parliament as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

lain and Prince Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, Sovereign Duke of Silesia, Sovereign Prince of Orange, Neufchatel, and Valengin, as also of the County of Duke of Gucldres, Alagdcburgh, Juliers, Bergues,

Stettin, Pomerania, of the Ca and Vandals, of Mecklenburgh, as also of Crosnia, Burgrave of bergh, Prince of Halbcrstadt,

Schwerin, Batzeburgh, East and Meurs,

Count of Hohenzollern, Ruppin , Hohenstein, Ticklenbwgh, SchBure, and

Leerdam, Lord of Ravenstein, Rostock, Stargard,

burgh, Butau, Arley, and Breda, &c. being closely

united by the dearest Ties of Blood and Friendship, consented, with the most lively Satisfaction, to the Marriage of Their most dear Children, Their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York and Albany, Prince Bishop of Osnaburgh, and the Princess Frederica Charlotte Ulrique Catherine of Prussia, and that this Marriage has been duly and legally solemnized at Berlin, and at London, according to the Laws of the Two Countries, and the Rites of the Reformed Churches there respectively established. Their Majesties being desirous to reduce into the requisite Forms, the Engagements contained in a provisional Act concluded at Berlin, on the 15th of September 1791, by their respective Ministers, to serve as the essential Basis of the future Contract of Marriage of Their Royal Highnesses; and desiring also to provide for the entire and complete Execution of the said Engagements, have named and authorized, for that salutary Purpose, Their respective Commissaries; His Majesty the King of Great Britain, Sir Alorlo Eden, Knight of the Order of the Bath, and His Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Prussian Majesty; and His Majesty the King of Prussia His Ministers of State, of War, and of the Cabinet, Charles William Count de Finkenstcin, Frederick Count de

lenburg, Knights of the Order of the Black Eagle, and Philip Charles Baron d'Alvensleben, Knight of the Order of St. John; who, by virtue of their respective full Powers reciprocally communicated and exchanged, after having discussed all the necessary Points, have agreed on the following Articles:

Treaty with Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Prussia, on House, by His Majesty’s Command, the Marriage Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the of York Upre- King of Prussia, on the Marriage of His Royal High-seutai. ’ ness the Duke of York, with Her Royal Highness the Princess Frederica Charlotte of Prussia,

signed at Berlin, 26th January 1792; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth; viz.

TRANSLATION of a Treaty between His Majesty and the King of Prussia, on the Marriage of His lloyal Highness the Duke of with

Her Royal Highness the Princess Frederica Charlotte Ulric Catherine of Prussia; signed at Berlin, 26th January 1792.

In the Name of Almighty God.

Be it known to all Persons, now living and to come. That the Most High and Most Puissant Prince and Lord, George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburgh, Arch Treasurer and Prince Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, &c. and the Most High and Most Puissant Prince and Lord, Frederick William, by the Grace of God, King of Prussia, Margrave of Arch Chamber-

Vox.. 47-

Article I.

His Majesty the King of Prussia gives to the Princess, His Daughter, a Portion of One hundred thousand Crowns, in Frederics d'Or; viz. Forty thousand Crowns, as being the usual Portion of the Princesses of the House of Prussia, and Sixty thousand Crowns as Paraphernalia. In case the Princess should happen to die before Her Husband, without leaving Issue, both the Sums, as well for the Portion as for the Paraphernalia, shall revert to the King and His Successors, in as far as Her Royal Highness shall not have disposed of the latter; but the Produce thereof shall belong to His Royal Highness Her Husband surviving. His Majesty has besides provided Her Royal Highness with a Trousseau, suitable to Her Birth and Rank.

Article II.

Her Royal Highness the Princess renounces, and by the Act signed the 29th of September 1791, has renounced, conformably to the Usages and Family Compacts of the House of Prussia and Brandenburgh, in Favour of the Male Succession, all Right of Inheritance, arising from the said House, in the same Manner, in the same Terms, with the same Reservations, and the same Validity of Engagement, as the Princesses of Prussia and Brandenburgh have, on their Marriage, done to this Time: And His Majesty the King of Great Britain, in His own Name, and in that of His Son the Duke of York, confirms this Renunciation in the most express and solemn Manner.

5 I Article

398

17° Februarii: A. 1792.

Article III.

His Royal Highness the Duke of having promised to give to the Princess His Wife as the Gift on the Day after the Marriage, called by the Name of Morgengabe, the Sum of Six thousand Pounds Sterling, the Interest of which was to be paid from the 15th September 1791, and to make Part of the Sum fixed for Pin Money, and for the Annual Expences of Her Royal Highness, without Her Royal Highness having, however, any Power of disposing of the Capital, during the Life of Her Husband; His Majesty the King of Great Britain confirms this Engagement.

Article IV.

His Royal Highness the Duke of York having promised to pay Annually, and during the whole Time of His Marriage to Her Royal Highness, for Her Pin Money and daily Expences, known by the Name of Kleider, Hand, and Spielgclder, the Sum of Four thousand Pounds Sterling, of which Her Royal Highness shall have the free Disposal, for Her own Use, without defraying, out of that Sum, the Charge of the Maintenance of the Persons attached to Her Suite, and intended for Her Service; His Majesty the King of Great Britain has been pleased to take upon Himself the full and entire Execution of the said Engagement; and His Majesty, in Consequence, promises and engages to secure to Her Royal Highness the Duchess of York, the Annual Payment of Four thousand Pounds Sterling, including the Interest of the Sum of Six thousand Pounds Sterling, mentioned in the Third Article.

Article V.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain grants, as a Counter-Portion to the Portion given by His Majesty the King of Prussia, the like Sum of One hundred thousand Crowns in Gold.

His Brilannick Majesty also engages to secure to the

Princess, in case of the unhappy Event of a mournful Separation, by the Death of His Royal Highness the Duke of York, the Annual Sum of Eight thousand Pounds Sterling for Her Jointure, together with a Residence and a suitable Establishment.

Article VI.

This Treaty shall be ratified by His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and by His Majesty the King of Prussia, and the Letters of Ratification shall be exchanged in the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner, if possible, to be computed from the Day of the Signature. In Witness whereof, We, the Plenipotentiaries of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of His Majesty the King of Prussia, by virtue of our respective full Powers, have signed the present Treaty, and put thereto the Seals of our Arms.

Done at Berlin, the 26th of January 1792.

(l. s.) Morton Eden. (l. s.) Charles William Count dc

(l. s.) Frederick William Count de Schulenberg. (l. s.) Philip Charles

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House on Public to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Expenditure. to consider of so much of His Majesty's most Gra-’ cious Speech to both Houses of Parliament as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt;

Accounts, Ordered, That the several Accounts, which were Ac. referred, presented to the House upon the 13th Day of this Instant February, by Mr. Brent, from the Office for

Affairs of Taxes, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which were presented to the House upon the 15th Day of this Instant February, by Mr. Hawor from the Exchequer, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 31st Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Reports, which, upon the 21st Day of March 1786, and the 10th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committees, to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts, and other Papers, presented to the House, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl of Mornington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Earl of Mornington reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

The Earl of Mornington also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Instruction. Committee, That they do consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums " in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of " a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; " and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public Expences " occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty’s " Forces, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety."

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

The

32 Geo. 'III.

17° — 20°

399

Committee of Ways and Means.

Account of Consolidated Fuad — Reports of Public Income and Expenditure, &c.

referred.

Committees to sit.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1792, of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Reports, which, upon the 21st Day of March 1786, and the 10th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committees, to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts, and other Papers, presented to the House, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, of the Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered \That all Committees have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Town of Kingston upon Hull, in Common Council assembled;

Were severally presented to the House, and read:

Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Middleton put in Execution Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth Tvas Lane Year of the Reign of Kin® George the Second, and Road Petit the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- tion. jesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of Middleton 1'yas Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greata Bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of the said Acts for such Time as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bunion, Mr.

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have /

Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Proceedings of Westminster Bridge Commissioners, &c. presented.

Luna,20* die Februarii; Anno 32* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1792.

Prate rs.

Bridgnorth Church Bill presented.

Petitions for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

MR. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for re-building the same, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Barnard Castle, and the adjacent Country: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the

Vol. 47.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of ITest minster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from the 29th of May 1781 to the 24th of May 1791: And also,

Yearly Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, commencing from the

10th of October 1780, and ending the loth of October 1791; together with Yearly Rentals and Accounts of Bridge Rents received within the same Period.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said State and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the 'Fable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the most Xoblc Henry FiennesDuke Raffl)IC| of Newcastle, Lord of the Manor of Basford, in the rInsure ivti-County of Nottingham, Ichabod ffright, Esquire, JejJ'ry Uan-Brock, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open Arable Fields, and entitled to Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and the same, and likewise the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the said Fields and Commons were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Commons, in such Manner 0* to the House 9haJJ seem meet.

Ordered,

400

20p Februarii.

A. 1792.

Wyrley and Wolverhampton Canal Bill presented.

Norwich and Thetford Bond Bill passed.

Norwich and Swaffham Road Bill passed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, if divided into specific Allotments and inclosed, the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that same might be very considerably improved, and such Mr. Galley Knight and Mr. Pierrepont do prepare, and Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, would be a ma-bring in, the same. nifest Advantage to the several Persons interested

therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a closing the said Commons and Waste Lands, under Navigable Canal from, or from near, Wyrley Bank, such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House in the County of Stafford, to communicate with the shall seem meet.

Birmingham Canal, at or near the Town of JVolver- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, hampton, in the said County, and also certain Colla- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that teral Cuts therein described from the said intended Mr. Tempest, Mr. Barlmv, and Mr. Owen, do prepare.

Canal: And the same was received; and read the and bring in, the same.

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Bradford

are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Town of BoadPeti-An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Bradford, in the County of and the Country Uon*

Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Set-amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, ting forth, That Bradford, and its Neighbourhood, are in the County of the City of Noncich, to the Chalk exceedingly populous, in which a very considerable Pits near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, was and extensive Manufacture of superfine Woollen read the Third Time. Cloth is carried on, and its Commercial Connections

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title with the Cities of Bath and Bristol are upon a very be, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of large Scale; and that the present Road to Bath is the the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amend- direct one to which is not only circuitous but

ing the Road from the End of the Town Close, in perilous, as its Direction is up and down some reraark-the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits ably long and steep Hills, which not only very much near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk. impede the Traveller, but are the Occasion of fre-

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill quest Accidents; and that Stoke Bridge, which is to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. thrown across a very rapid Part of the River Avon,

and over which the Petitioners are obliged to pass, is An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an very narrow, high, and dangerous, and constructed Act, of the Tenth Year of llis present Majesty, for of Wood, and subjects Passengers, who are very nu-amending and widening the Road from Saint Bene- merous, to a heavy Toll, the Bridge being private diet's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Property; and that the Petitioners conceive, if a Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Half- new Road was made from the Bottom of a certain penny Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxhum, Lane near the Town of Bradford, called Masons Lane,

and also a Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates to join the Turnpike Road, leading from the City of of the said City, was read the Third Time. Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bath-Ford Bridge, it

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year of Hi’s present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Benedict's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of and also a

Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City.

Ordered, That Sir John Wdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Borough-bridge and Durham Road Bill presented.

Mr. Tempest presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mold Incio- A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are surePetition. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Manor of Mold, in the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Commons and Waste Lands, upon which the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands in their present State are of little Value, but, o

would be a real Accommodation to the Public, as well as a great Benefit to Bradford and its Dependencies: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under proper Regulations.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Pulteney,

Ac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and allotting several Open and Avebury in-Common Lands and Grounds within the Parish ofc, osure Avebury, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second committ ’ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Portsea are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act £avlllS» &c-passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Paving of the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing " Nuisances and other Annoyances, in that Part of the " Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton,

" commonly called Portsmouth Common," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That some Progress hath been made in paving the Streets,

Lanes, and Places, comprized in the said Act, and in otherwise putting the same in Execution: but the Powers and Provisions thereof have been found in

many

32 Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

401

many Respects so defective and insufficient, that it is East End of the same Street; the Whole of Pound expedient that the same should be wholly repealed, Lane leading from Pound Street to the Frame Turnpike and new Powers granted for the better paving, cleans- Road at or near a Brewhouse in the Possession of Mr. ing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Public Benjamin Buckler; from the Comer of through

Passages and Places, in the said Part of the Parish of Common Close to a House in the Occupation' of Mr. Portsea called Portsmouth Common, for removing and Hippie Edgell; all Back Lane, and a small Piece of

Folkfstone Road Bill presented.

preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, and for widening some of the said Streets and Passages, in order to render the same safe and commodious for Passengers: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Heathcote, Mr.

Minchin, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward Knatchbull presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road from Dover, through Folkestone, to at a certain Place

called Canterbury Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, to a certain Place in the Parish of Folkestone, called Mudshole; and for making a new Road from thence, through a certain Field, called Yalder gates, through Rainden Wood, over Minnis, through Denton, and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Direction Post on Barham Downs, in the Parish of Barham, at The Four Vents: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second, Time.

Road on the West Side of the Cross or Obelisk between the Road leading to Frame and the Road leading to Bath, are in many Places very incommodious, and in some ruinous, and cannot be effectually remedied, amended, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, the Road leading from the House late of Robert Bleek, Gentleman, in the Parish of Warminster, in the said County of /Fills, to the West End of Chain Street, in the said Parish of Warminster, is, amongst other Roads therein described, directed to be repaired by the said Act, and it will be of great Public Utility if the said Road is put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners, and to which the Trustees for the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act are willing and desirous to consent; and that, by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of

in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and other Roads therein mentioned, the Road leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, at or near the House of the late Michael Webb, Gentleman, where the Bath and Frome Roads divide, to a Place called is, amongst other Roads therein described, directed to be repaired by the said Act, and that it will be of great Public Utility if Part of the said Road, to wit, from or near the said House of the late Michael Webb to the Churchyard Gate in Warminster aforesaid, is also put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners, and to which the Trustees for the Roads directed to be repaired by the said at the Town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the County Act are willing and desirous to consent: And that it

Upton and A Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Hastings'16 Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and Road aui widening the Road from Upton, in the Parish of committed. ley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post

Warminster Jtoads, otc. Petition.

of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Sir William Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirteenth of King George the First, and of the Sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads near the said Town, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned in the said County, as relates to the Road within the Town of Heytesbury, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and of several Persons living near to, or travelling

the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the said Act hath been put in Execution to the great Advantage of the Public, whereby Restrictions as to the House shall appear proper and a considerable Debt hath been contracted, which can- necessary

would be of great Advantage to the Public, and to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Warminster, if the Footways from the East Gate to the Obelisk, and from thence to the Church; from or near the Obelisk to the House in Possession of Mrs. Blech, at the W est End of Warminster; from the West End of Chain Street to the Bottom of Back Lane, and through the same; from the House of Thomas Marsh to the North Gate; from Portway, through Common Close, to a House in Possession of Mr. Hippie Edgell; from the Market Place to a House in the Possession of Grattwood\

Widows in Meeting House Lane; from the Entrance of Chapel Lane to Lawrence Mead Bridge; and, from the North End of Pound Street to the Turnpike Gate there, were put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners, and if they were empowered to remove all Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, and to regulate and direct the Public Market, it would be of great Utility to the said Town as well as

o

to all Persons resorting the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and

not be repaid, or the said Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the d erm of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof amended and enlarged: And that the several Roads in Warminster aforesaid herein after mentioned (that is to say) from the Pound in Pound Street to the North George Thynne, See. Vol. 47.

Ordered, That the saiil Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Weymouth, Lord And they are to meet To-mo*roH 5 K Mornimr,

402 20° Februarii. A. 1792.

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whitchurch A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Bridge P«ti- Merchants, 'Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are tion' thereunto subscribed, residing in the Counties of

Berks and Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is no Communication, except by Ferries, over the River Thames, between the Counties which are bounded by the said River from the Town of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Reading, in the said County, which are near Seventeen Miles distant from each other by Water, and Sixteen by Land; and that the Ferry between the Villages of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, and Pangbourn, in the County of Berks, is nearly Central in both these Respects between Wallingford and Reading, and much frequented by Passengers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, and the Passage across the said Ferry is at all Times attended with great Delay, in some Seasons extremely dangerous, and at others impracticable, and, if a Bridge was erected over the said River between Whitchurch and Pangbourn aforesaid, the same would be of great Public Utility, and of essential Service to the Counties of Berks and Oxford in particular: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for building a Bridge over the River Thames, between Whitchurch and Pangbourn aforesaid, and purchasing from the Persons interested in the said Ferry their respective Rights therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Francis

Sykes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hand Cross A Bill for enlarging the Term and altering the and Henfield Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His Roads Bill present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening commit e . the ]{oac]s froin Hand Cross to Corner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road, leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to the May-pole, in the Town of Henfeld, in the County of Sussex; and also for keeping in Repair a certain Branch of Road leading from the Direction Post near a certain Place, called The Crab Tree, in the Parish of Beeding, otherwise Sethrough the Parishes of

Nut hurst and Horsham, to the Town of Horsham, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aldridge, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Weldon A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names

Inclosure are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprie-

Petition. tors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields,

Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Great Weldon, and Little Weldon, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Lands of the Petitioners and others, in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in their present Situation incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct. Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baker, Mr. Pmoys, and Mr. Dickins, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hartley presented to the House, according to Beckett’s Order, a Bill to enable Gilbert Trme Beckett, Esquire, Name and his Issue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Presente Arms, of Turner, pursuant to the Will of Martha Turner, Widow, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vaughan reported from the Committee, to Cherrill and whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the ported.""' Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill, to the Three Mile Burrough, at the Top of Cherrill in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Mere-wether being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of 1,898/. upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which remains due, and cannot be repaid, unless the Term of the Act be continued, and some other Powers given. — And he further said, That the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road near the West Corner of a Close called The Land of Nod, in Chittoe Heath, and extending through Whetham to the Town of Caine, might be better and more conveniently repaired than at present, if the same was put under the Management of the Trustees aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill to the Three Mile Burrough at the Top of Cherrill Hill, in the County of Wilts; and for more effectually amending the Turnpike Road from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine: And that Mr. Vaughan and Mr.

Jekyll do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, ac- Bill to amend cording to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending Act 31 Geo. an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign H. for the of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen em- Seamen,

" ployed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a re- presented.

" gular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling " them more easily and readily to remit the same for " the Support of their Wives and Families, and for " preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, ac- Bill for cording to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending preventing an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign p^^"of

32 Geo. III.

QO° Februarii.

403

Seamen's Wages, &c. preseuted.

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter " further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending of the said Petition, and had directed him to report " the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and " Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers 1 J "L T* "; 1 ‘ T'’ , '

" and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Took with Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, in the Township of Tockwith, in the County of the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting 'forth, That there are several Open Common Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Uninclosed Lands, within the said Township; and that the Lands of the respective Proprietors thereof lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to all the Parties interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Dun- present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. George Branrwell being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have incurred a Debt of 3,000 /., which cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for repairing the Road from Newlund Bridge to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding: And that Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, and the Ear! of Burjord, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Stourbridge are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the p^t;on Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of ]His

Monk Fry-ston Inclosure Petition.

Ctmibe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, in the Manor

the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and IVancick, respectively, so far as the said Two several Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from Pool, in the Parish of

and Township of Monk Frys/on, in the West Riding of and County of Worcester, to The Cross of Hands at the County of York, was presented to the House, and Holloway Head near Birmingham, and The Five

read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Com- Ways to New Street in in the said County

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Uninclosed Lands, within the said Township; and that the Lands of the respective Proprietors thereof lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to all the Parties interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Roads from B/ake-dorvn Pool to The Cross Hands, and from The Five Ways to New Street in Birmingham aforesaid, in the doing of which, a considerable Debt hath been contracted, which cannot be paid off, and the Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and that the said in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regu- Roads from Pool to The Cross and

1-a.:______ 1 a. „ nr____ i n*. r____rri. „ r* . w/______ a r.. v*_______.« i _________ rt-

lations and Restrictions as the House shall think fit, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. W and Mr. Dun-

combe, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Hull and Beverley Road Petition re* ported.

from The Five Ways to New Street, in and near Birmingham, are exceedingly narrow in many Parts, and, from the Nature and hilly Situation of the Country through which the said Roads pass, it will he necessary in some Places to vary and alter the Course thereof, and to purchase Land, as well for that Purpose as for widening the Roads in several Parts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees empowered to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Road betw een the Town Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it " the East Riding of the County of York," and the shall appear to them, to the House: other, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His And it is referred to Sir George Augustas William present Majesty King George the Third, to continue Sir Robert Lawley, c.: And they are to

the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of the aforesaid meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in Act, and for repairing the Road from Newland Bridge the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the Persons, Papers, and Records.

said

Riding, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Land Tax

House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bl11 deferred. Vol. 47. upon

Malt Bill deferred.

Iteedsdale and Corsen-sidelnclosure Bill presented.

Committee to examine the Seaford Election Petitions, revived.

Mr.Frogatt's Petition referred.

American Trade Acts to be considered.

20° Februarii.

A; 1792.

upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-resolve itself into the said Committee.

,ngj

Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Waste Lands, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor of Reedsdale, and Parish of Corsenside, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to examine, whether the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Seqford, in the County of Sussex, which was

presented to the House upon the l st Day of this Instant February, be the same in Substance with that presented in the last Session, and, if different, in what the Difference consists, be revived.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Gen-

tleman, Agent for Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this Instant February, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruinents from being required from Ships belonging " to the United States of America’, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House w as also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of " an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers " for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce " between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions " and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, " to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with " the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned,"

might be read.

O

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the " Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as " the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried " on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the " Countries belonging to the said United States," might be read.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of African Com-Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- pany’s Peti-sented to the House; tion-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1790, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Af rica," and that they have invested the Money, granted in 1791, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the Forts, having been originally ill constructed, were delivered to the Petitioners in a very ruinous Condition, by the Royal African Company, and, being composed of the very worst Materials, require the constant Expenditure of very large Sums of Money to keep them in Repair, and in particular that they have been lately obliged to expend very considerable Sums in the Purchase of Building Materials and other Necessaries to repair the important Settlement of James Fort, Accra, having previously submitted the intended Plan of Repairs of the same to His Majesty’s Board of Engineers, the Expences already incurred upon the said Repairs amount to upwards of 900 /. Sterling; and that about Twenty free Natives, living under the Protection and Allegiance of the British Fort of Commendhaving been cast away upon a Part of the Coast belonging to the King of Dahomy, and detained in Bondage upwards of Two Years, the Petitioners, in Maintenance of the Attachment of the Natives of the Country, and of the Preservation of the British Interest in Africa, have been under the Necessity of ordering the Redemption of the said Natives, which, by the Estimate transmitted to them from Africa, will amount to about 6oo»/.

Sterling; and that Disturbances of a very serious and dangerous Nature, in the Course of last Year, having happened between their Governor of Annamaboe and, the Natives in the Neighbourhood of that Garrison, it has become necessary, for the ultimate Security and Preservation of it, as well as for the Purpose of maintaining a proper Degree of Influence over the Natives, so essentially necessary, for the Security dnd Prosperity of the British Commerce, as well as to prevent future Disputes, which are ultimately attended with extraordinary Expence, and a temporary Stagnation of Trade, to increase that Garrison, by sending a considerable Reinforcement from this Country, the present Expence of which, independent of the Annual increased Charge, amounts to about 1,000l. Sterling; and that their Storeship, in which the Annual Supplies were loaded in the Month of November last, having met with great Damage in The Channel, has been obliged to unload the Goods, Necessaries, and Stores, and disembark the Troops she had on Board at Portsmouth, and, being found, upon Survey in One of His Majesty’s Docks, incapable of proceeding, the Petitioners have been obliged to hire another Vessel, at an increased Freight, to take out the Troops, together with the Cargo, to the Coast, by which they have incurred a very considerable further additional Charge, not only in the Freight, but likewise in the Storeage and Re-shipment of their Goods: And that the Petitioners, sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the Preservation, Improvement, and Extension of the Trade to * Africa,

Oaffl on ut K

T,:

lil’ fated ' -ipeni t.

32 Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

405

Africa., and for the Defence and Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements on that Coast, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant, in Addition to the Sum Annually i voted for maintaining the Forts and Settlements, a

further Sum to defray the extraordinary Expences which the Petitioners have incurred from Accidents unforeseen, and for which no Provision could have been made.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Report from The Earl of Mo, according to Order, re-Committtre ported from the Committee of the whole House, to on so muc h whom it was referred to consider of so much of His Spee' h'a* re- Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Jairs to the Parliament as relates to the Public Income and Expen-public- In- diture, and the National Debt, the Resolutions which conic and the Committee had directed him to report to the Ac/**1 lt ,re’ House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 5th Day of April 1792, the Duties charged by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt," do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 5th Day of April 1792, the Duties on Female Servants, charged by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties on " Male Servants, and for granting new Duties on <( Male and Female Servants," do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 5th Day of April 1792, the Duties charged by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, tl An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates " and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other " such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under IC the Management of the Commissioners of Excise,’’ do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 5th Day of April 1792, the Duties now payable on certain Inhabited Houses, containing less than Seven Windows or Lights, charged by an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 5th Day of April 1792, One Half-penny in the Pound of the Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles) do cease and determine.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Rill, or Rills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord Bap ham, Mr. Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Report Sup- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported 1^’’ from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

|um to the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ijmoff That ^Je Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be /chequer granted to His Majesty, to be carried to and made

lli. Vo L.47.

Part of the Fund for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum " of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public Expences, occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces, in the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.’’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, sum to the That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds be Bunk.forRegranted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid to the ducuonof Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report Way* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Means, was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in hig Place; and afterwards delivered in at lire Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Surplus of That, towards making good the Supply granted to Consolidated His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of *uiul 0,1 /

One hundred Fifty-five thousand Four hundred Ninety- anuary‘ five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Half-penny, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1792, of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Money out of That, towards making good the Supply granted to Consolidated His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of iun Four hundred and Eighty-six thousand Pounds, out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Fund, called The Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Day of 1792-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A further That, towards making good the Supply granted to Sum oul of His Majesty, there be issued and applied the further ’

Sum of Two Millions Three hundred thousand

Pounds, out of the Monies that shall arise of the

Surplus of the Fund, called The Consolidated Fund,

from the 5th Day of April 1792 to the 5th Day of April

17?3-

T he First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon IVedncsdayMorning next.

The Earl of Mornington presented to the House, ac- Bill for recording to Order, a Rill for repealing the Duties on piling pu-

Female Servants: And the same was received; and lltsoute*

t- , n" maleServants

read the First Time. pitsented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Rill be read a Second Time

upon Thursday Morning next.

The Earl of Mornington presented to the House, ac- Rill to repeal cording to Order, a Bill to repeal the Duties on certain Buties on Inhabited Houses, containing less than Seven Windows )e

or Lights, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of the P C Reign of His present Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

5 L Ordered,

Bill for repealing Duties on Waggons, &c. presented.

Committee on M arine Mutiny Bill.

Account and Paper relating to Convicts, & c.

Tewkesbury Poor Petition reported.

20° Febru

A. 1792.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next

The Earl of Morningtonpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties on Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Kelson, from the Navy (Mice, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account shewing the Number of Convicts which were embarked on Board the Neptune, Scarborough, and Surprize, the Number that arrived at New South I Tales, and the State of their Health at the Time of their Arrival there: And also,

Copy of a Contract made by the Commissioners of the Navy with George Whit lock, dated the 27th August

1789, for conveying Convicts to Nero South Wales, in the Neptune, Scarborough, and Surprize.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Martin reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, w as referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. MosesGooderc being examined, said, That the Parish of Tewkesbury is large and populous, and the Poor thereof exceedingly numerous, and are maintained at a great Expence — That the said Poor might be more effectually relieved and maintained, and at much less Expence, if Pow ers were given to provide a convenient Place for their Reception, and employ and regulate them in a proper Manner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and belonging to the Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. Martin and Sir William Codrington do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motlou* for That an humble Address be presented to His Ma- *>a|1€r3 *el*' jesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Di- Warbetwten rections, that there be laid before this House, Copies Russia and or Extracts of all Representations or Requisitions The ^orte-made by the Court of Berlin to His Majesty’s Minister at the said Court, or by his Prussian Majesty’s Minister at this Court, to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Foreign Department, or other Ministers at Home, relative to the War between Russia and The Porte, together with the Answers that were given to such Representations or Requisitions; and also,

Copies or Extracts of all Representations made by His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Foreign Department, or other Ministers at Home, to his Prussian Majesty’s Minister here, or by His Majesty’s Minister at the Court of Berlin, together with the Answers to such Representations, upon the Subject of the said War;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

’Sir James St.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

120.

235-

E

Mr. Adam:

/Mr. Steele,

Mr. John Smyth

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Offers made to The Ottoman Porte by His Majesty’s Minister at Constantinople for the Purpose of proposing Conditions of Peace to the Empress of Russia, together with the Answers to such Offers; and of all Representations or Requisitions made by The Ottoman Porte relative to the War with Russia, and the Answers to the same; and also, of such Engagements as may have been entered into by His Majesty’s Ministers with The Ottoman Porte relative to any Assistance to be afforded to the said Power, by His Majesty and His Allies, in Case of a Continuation of the War;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Steps taken by His Majesty and the King of Prussia, to propose to The Ottoman Porte, the Conditions of Peace, consented to by Messrs. worth and Pawkener, and Count Gollze, in their Memorial dated July 22d 1791, according to the Engagements entered into in the said Memorial, and of any Answer that may have been returned to such Recommendation, on the Part of their and

Prussian Majesties, by The Porte;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Overtures made by His Catholic Majesty and the Court of Denmark, for the Purpose of terminating the

War between Russia and The Porte, referred to in the Memorial of Messrs. Whitworth and and

Count Gollze, dated June 29th 1791;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Memorials, Representations, and Requisitions, together with the Answers to the same, that may have passed between the Courts of London and Petersburgh, relative to the War between Russia and The Forte, from the loth of December 1789 to the present Period,

inclusive,

a

Go gl<

32 Geo. III.

fc

Hr

20° — 21° — 22° — 23° Februarii. 407

Supply dele rred.

Ways and Means defer red.

inclusive, that do not appear among the Papers already presented to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Eighty-six Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 21* die Februarii; Anno 32" Georgii III'11 Regis, 1792.

Mercurii, 22° d Februarii; Anno 32* Georgii III® Regis, 1792.

PRATKR S.

Trial of Mr. fiRDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending

Hastings. U this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to -minster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in JHall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if lie find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly;

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of JEarren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

TIER MAN Schroder took the Oaths appointed, in Schroder order to his Naturalization. sworn.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Considera-the Petition of 2'homos Fletcher and Clement Kynncrshy, tlol^of Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Re- [ turn for the Borough of Newcastle under , in the ti<m Petition County of Stafford, being come; deferred.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House w as counted by Mr. Speaker; and Ninety-four Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, a Quarter before Three of the Clock in the A liter-noon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. S[>eaker till To-inorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 23* die Februarii;

The Lords will proceed on Mr. Hiist-ingss Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into / -

minster llatl accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Anno 32* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1792.

Mr.

tin's

Consideration of’ Newcastle under Lyne Election Petition deferred.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Walker:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday

Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in

llall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Thomas Fletcher and Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, being come;

Vol. 47-

Prayers.

f\RDE RED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending Trial of Mr. this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, 1 ladings, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jl est-minster Hall, and summon the Members there to at-

tend their Service in the House immediately.

And lie went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending tin’s House, do go, with the Mace, and dear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of ail Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in fTest minster Hall, and dear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members tfiere, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, wdro refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And

Newcastle under Lyne Election Petition considered.

The Lords will proceed on Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

Proceedings on Newcastle under Lyne Election Petition.

And he went accordingly;

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into -minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Thomas Fletcher and Clement Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned; .

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty-six Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of Lieutenant Colonel Gould being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was serving on a General Court Martial; and the Substance of what was so alleged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Edward Phelips, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was attending as Prosecutor at a General Court Martial holden for the Trial of Captain Shipley, of the Corps of Engineers; and the Substance of what

was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk; and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Henry Dundas being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, being One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, he conceived it w'ould be attended with material Interruption to Public Business if he was obliged to serve on the said Committee; and the Substance of what was so alleged by him being taken down by the Clerk, in Manner before mentioned, and Mr. Secretary Dundas having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Twenty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable William Pitt being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, being Chancellor of His Majesty’s Exchequer, he conceived it would be attended with material Interruption to Public Business, if he was obliged to serve on the said Committee; and the Substance of what was so alleged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said

Names, the Name of Sir HectoMunro, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Twenty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Six on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Thirteen against whose Election Petitions were depending; and Five as then serving on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated the Lord Sheffield to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The Counsel and Agents being returned to the Newcastle Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Committee Lists, wdiich had been struck by the said Counsel in appointed, his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Edward Phelips, Esquire, and the Lord Sheffield, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

The Lord Apsley, the Honourable John Eliot, Thomas Coxhead, Esquire, John Suliva Esquire, the Honourable Vere Poulett, Sir Harry Burrard, Baronet, Sir Chi'istopher Hawkins, Baronet, John Hamilton, Esquire, the Honourable John Hope, the Right honourable Dudley Ryder, the Honourable George Talbot Rice,

Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, Nathaniel Dance, Esquire,

Edward Phelips, Esquire, the Lord Sheffield.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Thomas Fletcher and Clement , Esquires,

were

32 Geo. III.

23° Februarii.

409

Plymouth

Election

Petitions

considered.

were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of John Macbride, Esquire; and also, the Petition of William Derby, Philip , Philip Moy-

sey, Junior, Richard Jago Squire, John Arthur William Ragland, John Haxvker, George Kimber Cromwell, and Edward Kingdom, all legal Freemen and Voters of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the same Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Nine Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Four Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Gibbs Crawfurd, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Henry Dundas being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House this Day; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Forty other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. — That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of John Robinson, Esquire, was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Twenty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Two on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Nine against whose Election Petitions were depending; One as being a Petitioner complaining of an undue Election and Return; and Nine as then serving on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Charles Grey, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered

j o

to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened,

Committee oo Act for Support of the Greenland, &c. Fisheries deferred*

" the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and " Davis's Streights."

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow' Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to the Paymaster General, dated lith July 1785.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Regiments on the British Establishment, that are not cleared, from 1783 to 1792.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Regiments, for which the Arrears of Subaltern Officers have been directed to be issued, previous to the Settlement of their Accounts; specifying the different Years for which the same were directed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at W’ar to the Paymaster General, dated 11 th July 1783: And also,

An Account of all the Regiments on the British Establishment, that are not cleared, from 1783 to 1792: And also,

An Account of Regiments, for which the Arrears of Subaltern Officers have been directed to be issued, previous to the Settlement of their Accounts; specifying the different Years for which the same were directed.

And the Titles of the said Paper and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for repealing the Duties on Female Servants, was (according to Order) read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Report

Supply

deterred.

Report Ways ami Means deferred.

Letter and Accounts* relation to Arrears of Subaltern Ollicers ordered.

Letter and Accounts relating to

Arrears of Subaltern Officers presented.

Bill for repealing Duties on Female Servants committed.

and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of Vol. 47.

A Bill to repeal the Duties on certain Inhabited Houses, containing less than Seven Windows or Lights, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was (according to Order) read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing the Duties on Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was (according to Order) read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Bill to repeal Duties on certain Houses committed.

Bill for repealing Duties on Waggons, &c. commuted.

M

Resolved,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve on American itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Trade Acts. of an nuule in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from "Ships belonging to the United States of America; " and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, " certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and " Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's " Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United "States;" and also, of an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of an Act. made " in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, " for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants " of the United States of America, to the Trade and " Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies "and Plantations in America, with respect to certain " Articles therein mentioned and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the " same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on " between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the "Countries belonging to the said United States."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- Mutiny Bill cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and presented. Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Papers re-Command, lating to the

A Paper, intituled, " 4th February 1792 — Master " of Mint — Exnences for 1701, amounting to q,8iq/.

" i8f. 7 d:"And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Account of the Earl of " Leicester, Master and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint,

" within the Tower of London, of all Monies by him " had and received, out of His Majesty’s Receipt of " Exchequer and elsewhere, for the Service of said " Mint, for the Year 1791; also of all Monies by him " paid, and for Charges incurred in the said Mint " within the Time of this AccountAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " Officers of the Mint Report on " Earl of Leicester's Account as Master and Worker:"

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Memorial of John Vernon, the " jounger, Solicitor to the Mint:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Principal Officers of the Mint " — on Mr. Vernon's Account as Solicitor to the " Mint."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are as followeth

4th February 1792. — Master of Mint. — Expences for 1791, amounting to 9,819/. lSs. 7

Sir,

I beg Leave to Inclose my Account for the Year 1791, upon which there appears a Balance due to me of Nine thousand Eight hundred Nineteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence; which I request you will please to lay before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

But, having already received all the Monies their Lordships are authorized to issue for the Service of the Mint, for that Year, I must submit to their Lordships the Means they may see proper for paying to me the said Balance of 9,819/. i8j. 7 d.which, however, I presume can only be done by special Vote of Parliament.

I am, Sir,

Your most obedient,

Mint Office, humble Servant,

4th February 1792. Leicester,

Master and Worker.

George Rose, Esqr.

'Hie

v

32 Geo.

23° Fcbntarii.

411

Paper* relating t<i the Mint.

The ACCOUNT of the Earl of Leicester, Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, within the Tower of London, of ail Monies by him had and received, out of His Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer and elsewhere,

for the Service of said Mint, for the Year 1791; also of all Monies by him paid, and for Charges incurred in the said Mint within the Time of this Account.

CHARGE.

The said Accountant charges himself with having received, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account, out of His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, on the Times under mentioned, as by Particulars in the Imprest Roll doth appear:

J/91-

April 20th. Received by Warrant, granted on Account of Lady Day Quarter ——

July 20. Received by Warrant, granted to make up the Half Year's Allowance to Midsummer -August 10. Received by Warrant, granted out of the Yearly Supplies, as voted by Parliament ——

November 8. Received by Warrant, granted for 'Michaelmas Quarter

,792.

January. Received by Warrant, granted for Christmas Quarter

Q91....

Received the Monies out of the Pix, after Trial thereof,"I 7tii December 1791 - - - -/

£. s. d.

956 5 — 5,943 15 —

13,581 18 io£

3.450 -

3.450 ——

DISCHARGE.

The said Accountant is discharged by Monies due to, and paid by him, and for Charges incurred within the Time of this Account, as follows:

v

3

same

same

same

same

same

same

same

To him the Balance due on his Account ending 31st To him his own Salary - - for One w

For three Clerks -For an Assayer -For a Fireman to his Assayer,

For a Purveyor -For an Office Keeper -To Lewis Pingo, Esqr, Chief Graver - Mr. John Pingo, Assistant Graver,

Mr. John Milton, Probationer under!

Chief Graver -/

Mr. Elias Walter, Smith Assistant to Gravers - Mr. Dan1 Kemp, Provost of the Moneyers - Mr. John Chambers, Surveyor of]

Money Presses -J

More to him -All by To Stanesby Alchorne, Esquire, Warrants: Sir Robert Pigot, Baronet

William Dick, Esquire - -

December 1790

hole Year

Time

Time

Time

Time

Time

Time

Time

same Time

80

to|

same

same

Time

Time

same Time £.40 ----- --]

- 10

same

same

same

Time

Time

Time

— J

50 —

Allowance by Indenture to this Accountant, for the Waste and Charges in coining the following Quantity and Species of

P . [44,325 Pounds Weight into Guineas - - at 6$. 8id. per lb.

0 ' 8,250 Pounds Weight into Half Guineas, at 7 s- per lb.

For Monies put into the Pix, from the Coinage of this Year -

To Mr. John Vernon, Solicitor to the Mint, Arrears for Prosecutions carried on by him against false Coiners, to 31 st December 1790, as voted by Parliament, and ordered by Treasury -

For Fees and Annual Allowances paid and payable for the Year 1791, as by Bill ot Particulars doth appear - ‘ -

Vol. 47.

s. d.

27,381 18 10 J 5,480 9 6

32.8G2 8 4

12,020 15 6 }

i,7f'5 ——

18,o6y 12 2

3,39’ 10 —

1,565 — 3

841 12 —

For

23* Februarii.

re- For paying necessary Charges incurred in the Year 1791, for the Service o the of the Mint, to the Persons under named, for the Particulars expressed

ti_r»:n„ . r

in their Bills;

Mr. Augustus Browne Messrs. John Young and Son Mr. John Jones Stanesby Alchorne, Esquire Mr. James Morrison More to him

Refiner -

Charcoal Men

Sea Coal -

for the Assay Offices

Purveyor - -

for fine Copper for Allay

For paying the Bills of the Artificers under named, for Materials found, and Works performed by them, in the Year 1791, to the Offices and Buildings used for Coinage; viz.

Mr. Jourdan - Mason - - . 22 1 —

Holland - Carpenter - - - - 342 8 —

Holland - - Bricklayer - - - - 111 —

Blutherwick - Furnace Builder - - - - 34 19 —

Jourdan - - Plumber - - - 45 13 —

Thorogood _ m Plaisterer - - - - 56 3 —

Coventry - - Painter - - - 30 9 —

Dennis - Glazier - - - 18 13 "

Walter - Smith - - - 79 5 —

Marbro - Pavior - - - 11 —

Imprested to Sir Robert Pigot, Bart. Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, to discharge Salaries payable by him, as by Indenture of the Mint, for One whole Year ——

Imprested more to him, for paying incidental Charges and Allowances, and for paying the Wardens Part of Diet for 1791, as by said Indenture ——

Imprested more to him, for paying several Artificers Bills, for Materials found, and Works performed by them, in the Year 1791, to the Houses and Buildings -

Imprested more to him, for carrying on Prosecutions against false Coiners, and for discharging the Salary of the Person employed therein, for a Year, ending 31 December 1791 ——

Total Discharge

Total Charge -Balance due to this Accountant -

£. s.

527 *7 7

324 2 6

8 ——

42 3 6

60 2 —

20 10 3

2,001 4 7

346 — 7 358 14 —

399 ——

a. 1m

£. d.

982 15 i°

741 2 —

3.304 19 2

42,682 6 11 1

32,862 8 4}

9,819 18 7

Leicester,

Master and Worker.

OFFICERS of Mint Report on Earl of Leicester's Account as Master and Worker.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

IN Obedience to Your Lordships Order of Reference signified by Mr. Long, the 4th Instant, directing us to examine the Account of Lord Leicester, as Master and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint for the Year 1791, and report our Opinion thereupon;

We beg Leave to report, That, having examined the several Articles in the said Account by the particular Vouchers, we find them to agree, and the Account to be truly stated; and the Balance thereupon appears to amount to Nine thousand Eight hundred Nineteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence; but, it appearing also, that all the Monies your Lordships are authorized by Parliament to issue for the Service of the Mint for that Year, have already been received, we are of Opinion the said Balance of 9,819/. 18 7

is due, and proper to be allowed and paid to his Lordship; but the Means of doing this is nevertheless humbly submitted to your Lordships great Wisdom, by,

May it please your Lordships,

Your Lordships

Mint Office, most obedient, and most humble Servants,

6th Feb'7 1792. EdzcJ Lucas, Dep7 Ward*.

In° Bast in, D. Compt'.

The Right honourable the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury.

MEMORIAL

32 Geo. III.

23° Februarii.

413

Paper*

relating to the Mint.

MEMORIAL of John Vernon, the Younger, Solicitor to the Mint.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The humble Memorial of John Vernon, the Younger, Solicitor to His Majesty's Mint,

Sheweth,

That, in pursuance of Directions from Sir Robert Pigot, Baronet, Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, divers Prosecutions have been carried on by your Memorialist against Offenders, relating to the Gold and Silver Coin, from the 3 ist Day of December 1790 to the 31st Day of December 1791; and the Expences incurred thereby, to the 10th Day of July only, amount to the Sum of 598/. 2$. 7 which Sum will be paid to your Memorialist out of the Annual Sum of 600l. allowed by Law for that Service; but the Expences of Prosecutions for further Offences committed in the said Year 1791 (including therein the Sum of 20/. paid by your Memorialist, in pursuance of an Order from your Lordships, to Henry Wilson and Hugh Anderson, as a Reward for apprehending Offenders against the Coin Laws) amount to the Sum of Seven hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence, an Account of which has been delivered into the Mint Office.

That, over and besides the said Sum of 598/. 2$. 7 d.so provided for as aforesaid, the said Sumof 737/. 16$. 10 still remains due to your Memorialist.

Your Memorialist therefore humbly prays your Lordships to take the same into your Consideration, and that your Lordships will be pleased to give such Directions, in regard to the stating and auditing of the said Account of your Memorialist, and for the Payment of what shall appear to remain due to your Memorialist thereon, as to your Lordships shall seem meet.

And your Memorialist, &c.

John Vernon, Jun'.

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are pleased to refer the aforegoing Memorial to the Master and Worker, and Principal Officers of His Majesty’s Mint, who are to consider the same, and report to my Lords their Opinion thereupon.---- Whitehall Treasury Chambers, the 3d Day of February 1792.

Charles

Mem* of John Vernon, Esq', ref"1 to the Mint.

PRINCIPAL OFFICERS of the Mint. — On Mr. Vernons Account as Solicitor to the Mint

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

In Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference, signified by Mr. Long, the 3d Instant, directing us to consider and report our Opinion on a Memorial of Mr. John Vernon, Solicitor to the Mint, praying Payment of his Account of the Expence of Prosecutions carried on by him, against Offenders relating to the Gold and Silver Coin, from the 10th July to 31st December 1791, being the Charge incurred in that Year, over and above what this Office is authorized to pay for this Service, within the said Year — we pray Leave to report,

That, having carefully examined the Account delivered to us, by the Memorialist, of the Prosecutions carried on by him within the Time above mentioned, and cleared it from Errors and Overcharges detected thereon, amounting to Thirty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence, we find the Charges in the Account as now corrected, conformable to Allowances established by a Warrant of King George 1st. dated 29th July 1715, and that he has produced Vouchers for Money paid in Fees to Counsel, and other Disbursements, as far as seems practicable to obtain them; and therefore, upon due Consideration of the Whole, the Charges appear to be such as have been usually allowed, amounting to the Sum of Seven hundred and Seven Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence, is in our Opinion proper to be allowed and paid to the Memorialist Mr.- But the Means for doing this

must be submitted to your Lordships great Wisdom, by,

May it please your Lordships,

Your Lordships

most obedient, and

most humble Servants,

Lucas, Depr Ward*.

Mint Office, James Depy Mast' and W*.

17th Feb,r 1792. Jni D. Compt*.

Vol. 47.

r> N

Ordered,

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Report from Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee,

Committee who were appointed to examine, whether the Petition

appointed to of gjr Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarkton, examine the r . 1y, k , j t.

Seaford Esquire, complaining ot an undue Election and Re-

Election turn for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County

Petitions. of Sussex, w’hich was presented to the House upon the ist Day of this Instant February, be the same in Substance with that presented in the last Session, and, if different, in what the Difference consists; and to whom the Petition of William Frogatt, Gentleman, Agent for Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleion, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find. That the Petition of the said Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, is the same in Substance with that presented in the last Session of Parliament, except inasmuch as the Petition presented in the last Session contains the following Allegation; (that is to say) " That several Persons who voted for the said John Sargent " and Richard Paul Jodhad previously asked, received, and taken, Money, and other Reward, and " had agreed and contracted for Money, Gift, and " Reward, to give their Votes in the said Election,

" and had been guilty of other illegal and corrupt " Practices, by Means whereof their Votes so given " are, and ought to be, declared to be void." But in the Petition presented in the present Session, the Allegation, ns to Bribery and corrupt Practices, is confined to the Sitting Members and their Agents only, in the following Words; (that is to say)

" That at and before the said Election, various Acts " of Bribery and other corrupt Practices, were committed by the Sitting Members, and their Agents,

" and undue Influence, of various Kinds, w-cre practised by them, whereby your Petitioners were prevented from being returned, as they ought to have " been."

And it further appears to your Committee, That the Petition presented in this present Session of Parliament is conceived in general Terms, whereas the Petition presented in the last Session, sets forth the different Allegations more specifically; but that the general Allegations contained in the Petition presented in this Session of Parliament, are in Substance the same with the specific Allegations contained in the Petition presented in the last Session of Parliament, except as hereinbefore mentioned.

And as to the Petition of the said William Frogatt,

Mr. Frogatt, being examined, said, That he is the Agent to Sir Godfrey Webster and Mr. Tarkton — That he caused a renewed Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster and Mr. Tarleton, respecting the Seaford Election, to be presented to the House on the First of this present Month, but that, owing to a Mistake, it was not an exact Copy of that presented in the last Session — That the Mistake arose from there having been, prior to the last Session, Two Drafts of a Petition prepared, one of which was presented, and the other laid aside with the Papers belonging t<£.the Seaford Election — That some Time about the Month of June last, Sir Godfrey Webster came, in great Haste, to his House, and informed him he was immediately going Abroad, and probably should not return before the present Session of Parliament, and desired him forthwith to prepare a renewed Petition; upon which he, by Mistake, took out of the Box where the Two Drafts were deposited with other Papers belonging to the Seaford

Business, the Draft of that which had been laid aside, instead of that which had been before presented, and gave it one of his Clerks to be fair copied; which was done, and it was afterwards signed by Sir Godfrey stei — That he then transmitted it by a Letter to Mr.

Tarkton, for his Signature, who returned it to him; since which he kept it locked up, until Wednesday the 1st Instant, when he delivered it to Mr. Pelham to be presented to the House, which was done that Day — -That the Petition presented in 1790 was the only one signed by the Parties till the above mentioned Mistake happened; and that the Petition presented in this Session was the only one copied fair in 1792 — That when he delivered the last Petition to be presented, he certainly did conceive it to be an exact Transcript of that presented in 1790, and to have been copied from the same Draft, which was settled by Counsel; and that when the Petition was referred, and a Day appointed for taking it into Consideration, he did conceive that the whole Merits, and the particular Allegations in the Petition of the Year 1790, were to be considered by the Committee at the Time appointed — That the Petition was presented on Wednesday the 1st Instant, and on Friday he was informed of the Mistake, by a Note from Mr. Pelham: That in Three Hours after he knew it, he sent off an Express to Mr. Tarkton, in Northumberland, with a correct Copy of the Petition presented in 1790, for his Signature — That on the 6th Instant his own Petition rvas presented, at which Time the Express from Mr. Tarkton was not returned.

That the Day after he sent the Express to Mr. Tarleion, he also sent an Express to Sir Godfrey,

who he understood was at Paris’, but the Messenger being informed at Calais that he was gone to Lyons, he immediately returned, of which he informed Mr. Pelham, who assured him Sir Godfrey Webster was at Paris; on which he immediately sent off another Messenger, who met Sir Godfrey Two Posts beyond Boulogne. Sir Godfrey Webster returned to London on Monday the 13th Instant, and then signed the Petition, which had been previously signed by Mr. Tarleton, and which Petition is a correct Copy with that presented in December 1790. — And the Witness added, That the Two Drafts of the Petition are not indorsed in the same Handwriting, and that the Mistake arose upon his seeing the Indorsement in his own Hand-writing, and not seeing the other Draft at the same Time.

Then the Petition of 1790 was read, and compared with that last mentioned to be signed by Sir Godfrey Webster and Mr. Tarleton, and were found to be in the same Words.

Ordered, That the said Report to be takert into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Plymouth returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the Election said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel al)pom 8 in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Gibbs Craufurd, Esquire, and Charles Grey, Esquire,

being added, the same was called over and is as follows:

The Honourable Major General Thomas Bruce, Lieutenant Colonel Nugent, William Montgomery, Esquire, the Honourable William Clement Finch, John Black-burne, Esquire, Lord George Thyme, John Rolle, Esquire, RowlandBurdon, Esquire, the Honourable Charles

Hope, James Ferguson, Esquire, Richard Glover, Esquire, Francis Fane, Esquire, Sir James Grant, Baronet,

Gibbs Craufurd, Esquire, Charles Grey, Esquire,

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Macbride, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of

William Derby, Philip Moysey, Philip Moysey, Junior,

Richard Jago Squire, John Arthur Winne, William

Ragland,

32 Geo.

29* — 24’ Februarii.

415

Bill.

Ragland \John Hawker George Cromwell, and

Edward Kingdom, all legal Freemen and Voters of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, on behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the same Borough, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Commits Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re-Land Tax solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1790, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1792.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Way* and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the deferred. Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re-on Malt Bill, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties, upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1792, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1790, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1792.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Marine Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Mutiny Bill the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation deferred. of jjs Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 24° die Februarii;

Anno 32° Georgii III'" Regis, 1792. Prayers.

A PETITION of Jacob Anderson, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for naturalizing John PVilliam Hentig: And praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, IVyrley Batik, in the County of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham Canal, at or near the Town of IFolverhampton, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Anderson’s

Nat.

Petition.

Wyrley and Wolverhampton Canal Hill committed.

Supply

deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole VOL. 47.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Baptist Davallon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Jackson, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land, in the County of Renfrew, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted " by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for repairing several Roads leading into the City of " Glasgow, so far as the same relates to certain Roads " mentioned in the said Act; and also, to enlarge the " Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the "Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and " render more effectual, an Act, passed in the of Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads " leading into the City of Glasgow, and to repair several other Roads leading into the said City, and " for building a Bridge cross the River of w,"

certain Trustees were authorized to survey, make, and repair, the Road from Renfrew to Greenock, and other Roads in the County of Renfr, in the said Act mentioned and described, and for building the said Bridge, and sundry Powers were thereby given to the said

Trustees,

Davallon’s Nat. Bili committed.

Renfrew

Roads

Petition.

Trustees, particularly a Power to borrow a Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls to be levied upon the said Roads; and that the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock by Corsehill, and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, which was appointed to be made and repaired by the said Act of the Thirtieth of his late Majesty, has, in many Places, been carried in an improper Direction, and it will be necessary and advantageous to alter the Direction of the said Road, and to carry the same, in many Places, nearer the Side of the River Clyde; but the Sum allowed to be borrowed by the said Act for the Use of the said Road, and the Tolls authorized to be levied thereon, are not sufficient for defraying the Expence of the said Alterations, and for making and repairing the said Road, and keeping the same in Repair; and that there are several other Roads leading through the County of Renfrew, not comprized within the said Act, to make and repair which will be of great Utility to the Public, namely, a Road from Paisley to join the Turnpike Road from Glasgow to and a Road from Dikcbar to the Confines of the County of Ren-

frew, at or near Floakbridge, and the Roads branching out of the same at Hurletto Dovecothall and and at Dikebar to Floakbridge by and from

Nielston to Whitehouse, and from Whit chouse to the River

Match by Garthland Bridge, and from

to Kilbarehan, and from Kil to Bridge

by Linwood Bridge, and the Roads branching out of the same, and leading to Houstoun by Barn ford, Paisley, and Johnston Bridge, and from Johnston Bridge to Port Glasgow, and the Road branching out of the same, leading to Lochzvinnock by the West Side of Cadder and to toun; and that the Roads leading to and from Ellestoun Bridge, in the said County of Renfrew, are in a ruinous Condition, and are become useless, by another Bridge having been built cross the River Blackart, about Half a Mile below the said Bridge of Ellestoun, and Access made to the said new Bridge, and it will therefore be advantageous and proper, that the said Roads, leading to and from Ellestoun Bridge should be shut up, and that the Roads made to and from the New Bridge should be used in Place thereof; and that the Laws now subsisting in Scotland for making Roads

O , e O

and building Bridges, have been lound ineffectual for answering those Purposes in the County of and other and further Powers are necessary in order to carry the Intention of the said Laws into Execution, and'Doubts have arisen, in some Cases, who are chargeable towards repairing the Highways, and it is attended with much Difficulty and Trouble to make effectual and properly apply the Statute Work in the said County; and that a reasonable Composition in Money, instead of Labour, is in many Places found to be more useful and effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Services, than the actual Performance of the same, and it will be of real Advantage to the County in certain Cases to convert the said Services into Money, and to fix and ascertain the Rate and Mode of levying thereof, and also, to authorize a further Sum, than is at present leviable by Law, to be levied for Road and Bridge Money in the said County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term granted by the said Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and for more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads therein mentioned, and the Bridge of Inchsnan, and the other Roads herein above mentioned, and for regulating the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, and for authorizing the Commissioners of Supply of the said County to levy an Annual Assessment for making and repairing Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, and for the other Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Shaw , Sir John

Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Renfrew Sta-Freeholders and Owners of Land, in the County of p^.k ur Renfrew, was presented to the House, and read; Set- ,on' ting forth, That the Laws now subsisting in,

for making Roads and building Bridges, have been found ineffectual for answering those Purposes in the County of Renfrew, and other and further Powers are necessary in order to carry the Intention of the said Laws into Execution, and Doubts have arisen, in some Cases, who are chargeable towards repairing the Highways, and it is attended with much Difficulty and Trouble to make effectual and properly apply the Statute Work in the said County; and that a reasonable Composition in Money, instead of Labour, is in many Places found to be more useful and effectual for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Services, than the actual Performance of the same, and it will be of real Advantage to the County, in certain Cases, to convert the said Services into Money, and to fix and ascertain the Rate and Mode of levying thereof, and also to authorize a further Sum, than is at present leviable by Law, to be levied for Road and Bridge Money, in the said County; and that the Road to and from Elieston Bridge, in the said County of Renfrew, having been in a ruinous Condition, and so steep and inaccessible as to prevent any Improvement of the same, a new Bridge, called Garthland Bridge, was erected at a small Distance therefrom, and a new Road has been completely made thereto, all at the Expence of William Mac Denroll, of Garthland, Esquire, which supersedes the Use of the said Road to and from Elieston Bridge, and it would be of Advantage to the Public, that the said Road to and from Garthland Bridge should be and remain a public Road, to be used instead of the said Road by Elieston Bridge, in Time coming, and the Road last mentioned should be shut up: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and converting the Statute Labour of the said County of Rerfrew, and other Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Shaw Stewart, Sir John Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Jonathan Hornblower, of the Borough Mr. Hom-of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Engineer, was blower’s presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Petitl0"-That, in the Year 1776, the Petitioner invented a Steam Engine for raising Water out of deep Mines, and for other Purposes, on a Plan greatly superior to any Steam Engines before or since that Time made use of, exceeding them greatly in Power, and consuming a much less Quantity of Fuel, an Object in those expensive Machines of the highest Consequence to the Mining and Manufacturing Parts of this Kingdom, and the Petitioner at that Time made a small working Model of it, but from some Family Occurrences, was prevented from pursuing and maturing his Design, so as to realize those very flattering Appearances

which

a

ton*

n

a*

32 Geo. III. 24° .

417

which resulted from his first Experiment; and that, in the Year 1778, the Petitioner was enabled to resume his Labours, at length, after an indefatigable Exertion both of Body and Mind, and at a very considerable Expence, he completed another Model on a larger Scale, the Effect of which fully answered his most sanguine Expectations; and that, in 1781, the Petitioner obtained His Majesty’s Letters Patent for a Term of Fourteen Years, and soon after erected One of his Engines on a Coal Mine, but from which the Petitioner reaped no Emolument as Patentee, it being the first of the Kind introduced into Practice, and therefore considered in the Nature of an Experiment, but the many Difficulties naturally attendant on the practical Construction of such large and complicated Machines, and the numberless unforeseen Obstacles, which constantly occur on the Introduction of new Inventions, in some Measure disappointed the very high Expectations which were formed in Favour of it, and though these Difficulties were afterwards obviated, the Minds of People in general were prejudiced against the Petitioner’s Invention, which, joined with their natural Cautiousness of entering into expensive Undertakings, prevented the Petitioner from attempting again to introduce it, by building a Second Engine, till the Year 1791, when he erected one on a Copper Mine in Cornwall, which, on being set to work, fully convinced the Public of the great Utility of the Invention, and of its Superiority over every other, but even here the Petitioner was under the Necessity of again foregoing any Benefit which he might be entitled to from it as Patentee, in order to introduce it into Practice; and representing to the House, that near Eleven Years of the Term for which his Patent was granted having already elapsed, and, instead of having reaped any Advantage from his Invention, he has expended a considerable Sum of Money, which the few remaining Years of his Term will most probably be inadequate to the Reimbursement of, and, unless the Term granted by the said Letters Patent be prolonged, it will be impossible he can obtain that Recompence which was the End and Intention of the same, and to which he presumes he is entitled for the many Years intense Labour and Study, and the large Sums he has expended, in this arduous and useful Undertaking: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting him a further Term than is prescribed by his Patent for the sole Use of the Engine so invented by him, under such Limitations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Lemon, - the Lord

Sheffield, &c.: And they are to meet upon Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kingdom A Bill for improving the Communication between and Brunt- the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by fours Bill*"* Passages or Ferries across the Frith of , be-fommitted. tween Leith and Newhaven, in the County of Edinburgh

and Kinghornand Brwitin the County of and for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places more commodious, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

I,»nerk and A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Hamilton Owners of Land in the County of Lanerk, was pre-tioa #U* sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the

Vol. 47.

High Roads betwixt the Town of LHead Burgh of the County of Lanerk, and the Town of Hamilton, are in bad Repair, inconvenient for Travellers, and dangerous for Carriages, and it would be greatly of Advantage to the said Town of Lanerk, to the extensive Manufactures now carried on in the Neighbourhood thereof, and to the Country around, that a new Line of Road was made from the said Town to cross Lanerk Bridge, and from thence, by the >outh West Side of the River of Clyde, to the Tow n ot Hamilton, all in the County of Lanerk, and Power given for building such Bridges as may be necessary in the Course of the said Road: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually making and repairing the aforesaid Road, and building the necessary Bridges in the Course thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. IVemyss, Sir James Stcuart Denham, Ac.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees whose Names are there- Cramoml unto subscribed, appointed by an Act passed in the Hridge and Eleventh Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, Quc«l's',trr>r intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and Pow ers of eU

" so much of an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year " of the Reign ot King George the Second, as relates " to the repairing the lload from Cramoml Bridge to the " Town of Queens ferry, in the County of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, by the said Act, certain Powers and Authorities were granted to Trustees thereby appointed, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, and great Progress has been made in the said Work, and considerable Sums ot Money have been borrowed and expended thereon, hut the same cannot be completely made and repaired, and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers by the said Act granted are further enlarged, varied, and increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Hope, Mr. Cochran,

Ac.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe- Langportaud cution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-sixth Soiuerton, Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of through the Towns of Laugp art and Somerlon, to But-, tcell, and several other Roads described in the said Acts, in the County of Somerset, and also ot several Persons residing, or having Estates near the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is enlarged, and it is found necessary that spme Alterations and Amendments should be made in the said Acts, in order to enable the Trustees more effectually to carry the.

5 0 Purposes

418

24° Februarii.

A. 1792.

Purposes of the said Acts into Execution; and that the A Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Borough-several Roads herein after described adjoin and com- Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made and passed bridge and municate with the Roads comprised in the said re- in the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Years of the oUr!jaT?ii eited Acts, that is to say, the Roads leading from the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for committed. Town of Castlecary, through Galhampton, in the Parish repairing the High Road leading from,

of North Cadbury, to Sparkford, and from the Cross in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the Roads at Galhampton aforesaid to the Sherborne Turn- same County, to Croft on the River and

pike Road, leading to TVincanton, and from the Cross from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Roads in Langport Eastcroer, through the Parish of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the Huish Episcopi, to the Quakers Meeting House, in the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repair-Parish of Longsutton, there to join by Two Branches ing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, was read the Martock Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Long-a Second Time. sutton aforesaid, and from the Direction Post on the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Eastern Side of the said Martock Turnpike Road, in pest, Mr. Burdon,: And they are to meet this the Parish of Longsutton, over Catsgore Common, to Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s join the Ivelchester Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Chamber.

Kingsdon, leading from Somerton to Ivelchester, and'

from Marshall's Elm, in the Parish of Street, to join the Mr. Tempest reported from the Committee, to whom Bowes and Somerton Turnpike ltoad, in the Parish of Kingweston, the Petition of the Trustees appointed, elected, and ^un^epland all in the County of Somerset, and are in a ruinous authorized to put in Execution Two several Acts of reported.' °D Condition, and in some Parts narrow and incoin- Parliament, the one of them made and passed in the modious, and cannot be effectually amended, w idened, Tw enty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing

" the High Road from the Town of Bowes, in the " County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County " of Durham, and from thence, through Staindrop, to " Newgate Bishop Auckland, and from Nezegate, along " Gito Bridge, and from thence, " by otherwise to the

" Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the " said County of and the other of the said

and the amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in good Repair, will be a great Benefit to all Persons having Occasion to make use of the same, and to the several Persons residing, or having Estates, in that Part of the Country: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, contained in the said Acts, and for more

effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Acts made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of

11 - ----- --- j i:.: — t t> i 1 '---> ~j pjc said jate Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act

" for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for repairing the High " Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of " York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, " and from thence, through Staindrop, to Nezt'gate " Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along GibbChair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence, by the new or additional Roads hereinbefore described, for such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Air. Air. Baker,:

And they are to meet upon Morning next,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; " AIelderston~Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunder-

and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and u land Bridge, in the County of Durham," and also

Records. of the Creditors on the Tolls arising from the several

Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars erected upon the said

a Tvu r v i i r, Road, under and by virtue of the said Two recited

SdDtah, 4 for dmd'"S ,nd '"Closm. certain Commons Ac(s of parliamen^-„.hose Names are thereunto sub-

liiclosure Bill Pl1^ .°.f Ma'df ^< and scribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the

-__j / t nan pm Hill lA/irhin trip riirKnpc nr t mne/'nninp nnn rn 7 r . i i r i

1 rustecs and Creditors of the said Uoad, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn-

committed.

Schroder’s Nat. Bill committed.

Dinder Hill, within the Parishes of Croseombc and Dinder, in the County of Somerset, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Phelips, Mr. Baker, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Herman Schroder, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tem-

West Auckland Road Bill committed.

pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the pest, Mr. Burdon, 8cc.: And they are to meet this said Acts were read: And,

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Sir John Eden, Baronet, being examined, said, That Chamber. the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money, A Bill for altering, raising, widening, repairing, of which the Sum of 200l. or thereabouts, now remains and preserving the Road leading from the North End due; which Money cannot be repaid, uor the Roads of the Turnpike Road, called The Coal Road, near kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the West Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elsdon said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof Turnpike Road, at or near Elishaw, in the County of altered and enlarged.

Northumberland, and for erecting, building, and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill making necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of and Batteries, upon the same, was read a Second Two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in Time. the Twenty-first and Twenty-ninth Years of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tern- Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, pest, Mr. Burdon, See.: And they are to meet this for repairing the High Road from the Town of Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in Chamber. the County of Durham, and from thence, through

Staindrop,

92 Geo. III.

24° Februarii.

419

Petition.

Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, find from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names or Sund«rlan<) Newgate, along Gibb-Chair, to Gaundtess Bridge, and Marks are thereunto subscribed, being Skippers and Keelmens from thence, by Melderston-G ill, otherwise Cowndon- KeeJmen employed on the River JVear, on Behalf of l’et‘tlun-

Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in themselves and all the other Skippers and Keelmen the County of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts employed on the said River at . near the

into One; and for the more effectually repairing, and Sea, in the County of Durham, was presented to the keeping in Repair, the said Road: And that Mr. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petition-Tempest, Mr. Burdon, and Air. Milbanke, do prepare, ers, and the other Skippers and Keelmen employed and bring in, the same. in navigating Keels upon the River are very

numerous, and, from the Nature «f their Employ-Middleton A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, ment, obliged to reside mostly in the same Parish, so and Egleston, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, that, when they or their Families become Objects of 4c. Road being severally Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants Parochial Relief, the Parish in which they are set-within the several Counties of Durham and York, near tied is either grievously burthened, or an inadequate the Road herein after described, was presented to the Fund raised for their Support, and, to avoid these House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road lead- Evils the Petitioners are induced, by a Contribution ing from a Place called The Hoodgate, at the West amongst themselves, and a regular small Deduction End of the Town of Middleton in Teasdale, in the from their Wages, to raise a Fund for the Support County of Durham, to the Town of Egleston, in the of themselves, their Wives, and Children, when they same County, both in the Parish of Middleton afore- shall become Objects of charitable Relief, but the said, and from Egleston Bridge to the Head of the Petitioners are unable to carry such Intention into said Town of Egleston, and from thence, through the Execution without the Aid of Parliament: And there-several Parishes and Townships of Gainford, Langley fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Dale, Woodland, and Staindrop, in the said County of Bill for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief Durham, to certain Collieries, or Coal Works, called and Support of Skippers and Keelman employed on West Pitts, in the Township of Lynesackand Softlcy, the River IVcar, who, by Sickness, or other acci-in the Parish of Saint Andrews Auckland, in the dental Alisfortuncs, or by Old Age, shall not be able same County, are in most Parts ruinous, narrow, and to maintain themselves and their Families, and also incommodious, and many Parts of the said Road lie for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such through uncultivated Wastes and Aloor Lands, and Skippers and Keelmen.

the said Road in other Parts is subject to be Over- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the flowed by several Brooks or Rivulets, which, by rea- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-son of the mountainous Country through which they mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it run, are frequently flooded and rendered impassable; shall appear to them, to the House: and that the Inhabitants of the populous Towns or And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Tempest, See.:

Villages of Newbiggin, Middleton, and Egleston, in the And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next,

Parish of Middleton aforesaid, and various other at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Towns, Villages, and Places adjacent to the Roads and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and hereinbefore described, are wholly supplied with Coals Records, from the said Collieries and Coal Works, called The

West Pitts, and, by Means of a Bridge at Egleston A Petition of the Gentlemen, Coalfitters, Ship p,isliop aforesaid across the River Tecs, the said Road has Owners, Merchant Adventurers, and others, the In- Wearmnuth a safe and easy Communication with the several habitants of the Town and Port of Sunderland, near I5rld"e J>etl"

populous Towns or Villages of Lartington, Colherston, the Sea, in the County of Durham, and its Vicinity, Romaldkirk, Underthuaite, and Mickleton, and other was presented to the House, and read; Setting

Parts in the extensive Parish of Romaldkirk, in the said forth, That the Town of Sunderland, and its Vicinity, County of York, the Inhabitants of which last men- having become very populous, great Inconvenience, tioned Places are also supplied with Coals from the Delays, and Danger, are experienced from the present

tion.

Alode of Passage across the River Wear at;

and that the building a Bridge at or near a certain Place called Panns, in the Parish of Bishop Wearmouth, would tend to facilitate, encourage, and improve Trade and Commerce between the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and the Towns of Sunderland, Gateshead, Newcastle upon Tyne, and North and

said Collieries called West Pitts, and in general the Cultivation of Lands and Population of the Country, near to the said Road, are improving and increasing; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, raised, and rendered safe and commodious, by the ordinary Course of Law, and if the same was properly repaired, widened, and raised, and the said Brooks made passable for Carriages in Time of South Shields, and be a Means of preventing great Floods, it would be of great Convenience and Ad- Dangers and Inconveniences to many of His Majesty’s vantage to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inha- Subjects: And therefore praying, That Leave may bitants residing in or near to the said Parishes or be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge Places before mentioned, and would greatly facili- across the River Wear, in the Township of Bishop tate the Carriage of Coals, Lead, Timber, Com, and Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, in such Man-other Produce of the Country, and be of great Pub- ner, and by such Aleans, as to the House shall seem lie Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may meet.

be given to bring in a Bill for amending widening, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

raising, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, with Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

such Powers and Provisions as shall he effectual for examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as

the Purposes aforesaid, and in such Manner as the it shall appear to them, to the House:

House shall think proper. And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Tempest, Ac.:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And they are to meet upon Morning next.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and shall appear to them, to the House; Records.

And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Tempest, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at A Petition of the Freeholders of the Parish of Colton, Colton Incite Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto sure Petition. Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Vol. 47. . Setting

Leeds and Wakefield Road Petition.

Tadcaster and Hobmoor Lane Road Petition.

420 24° Februarii. ' A. 1792.

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have pro-Four Commons or Waste Grounds, called Hamley Heath, ceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have The Marsh, Stockwell Heath, Longley Common, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the

other Commons and Waste Grounds, lying open and Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still re-uninclosed, containing, by Estimation, One hundred mains due; and that the Term of the said Acts is near Statute Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the Owners of expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid. Estates within the said Parish have Right of Common, nor the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the and which are, in their present Situation, of very in- Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers considerable Value, but might be made serviceable to thereof enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave the said Parish, if the same were inclosed, drained, may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and leased out for Terms of Years, or let to Annual and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the Tenants, and the Rents and Profits arising the re- House shall seem meet.

from applied in Aid of the Poors Rate within the said Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the shall appear to them, to the House:

House-shall appear proper. And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Duncombe,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, &c.: And they are to meet upon Morning

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Anson, and Mr. Gilbert, do ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and prepare, and bring in, the same. Records.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu- A Petition of the Reverend Miles Atkinson, of Leeds, Leeds tion Two Acts of Parliament, one of them made in' in the County of Clerk, was presented to the ChurchPeti-

the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inhabitants t'on‘

King George the Second, for repairing the Road from of the Parish of Leeds having increased very much of Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York , and the other late Years, the Parish Church of Leeds, where to the in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Inhabitants have a Right to resort for the Performance jesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the before of religious Worship, being much too small for the mentioned Act, so far as the same relates to the Road Accommodation of the Parishioners, the Right Reve-from Leeds to Wakefield, was presented to the House, rend the Lord Bishop of Bristol did agree to give to and read; Setting forth, That, by the said first-men- the Petitioner a Piece of Ground in Leeds aforesaid, tioned Act, the Road from Leeds to Sheffield was made for the Purpose of erecting thereon a commodious new Two separate Districts, the First District including such Church, with proper Appurtenances for the Accom-Part of the said Road as lies between Leeds and IVake- modation of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and field, and the other District such Part of the said Road that the Petitioner, with the Consent and Approbation as lies between JVakejicldand Sheffield, and separate of the Patrons and Vicar of the Parish Church of Tolls were granted within each District, and directed aforesaid, as also of his Grace the Lord Archbishop to be applied towards repairing the Road within the of York, hath begun to erect the said Church, and in-District in which they are collected; and that by the tends to finish and complete the same as soon as it can said Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of be conveniently done, and to have the said Church His present Majesty, the Term and Powers of the and Piece of Ground consecrated, and an Annual Sti-first-mentioned Act, so far only as the same relates to pend settled for the Minister thereof, by a Rent Charge the Road within the said First District, were enlarged; to be fixed and ascertained on the Pews, Seats, or and that a considerable Sum of Money hath been bor- Stalls, to be made in the said Church, in Considera-Towed, and is now due, on the Credit of the Tolls tion of the Petitioner having the First and Second authorized to be collected upon the said Road within Rights of Presentation to the said intended Church, the said First District, which cannot be paid off’, and without nevertheless impeaching, or in any wise pre-the Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, judicing, the Right of the Vicar of the said Parish unless all or some of the Tolls are increased, and the Church to all Fees and Immunities to the Vicar for Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same the Time being belonging: And therefore praying, relates to the Road within the said First District, en- That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effect-larged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be ing the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and and under such Regulations, as to the Flouse shall Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relates to seem meet.

the Road within the said First District, for such Time, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- shall appear to them, to the House: mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Duncombe,

shall appear to them, to the House: &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning

And it referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- Records, ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

Records. A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Broad Stairs

Hamlet of Broad Stairs, in the Parish of Be- Harbour l’e-A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by, ter, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and uton-or acting under, the Authority of Two several Acts of several of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was of Parliament, made in the Eighteenth Year of the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and there hath been, from Time immemorial, a Pier or the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Harbour within the said Hamlet of Broad Stairs, which jesty, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, hath been found of Utility in preserving Ships and within the County of the City of York, to a Place near Vessels taking Shelter there in Stress of Weather, and the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End, whose Names many Vessels have been, and still are, fitted out there, are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and employed in the home and distant Fisheries, and

v. other

’eter1 ,:id 1 loud JR,

32 Geo. III.

24° Februarii.

421

other Vessels trade to and from the said Harbour by exporting and importing divers Goods and Merchandizes; and that there are certain Rates, Droits, or Customary Dues, payable by Persons who have, from Time to Time, enjoyed the Use and Benefit of the said Pier, which are applicable to the Repair and Support of the Pier, but the Monies arising by the said Rates, Droits, or Customary Payments, have been found insufficient for effectually supporting and maintaining the same, and the said Pier is become greatly decayed, and it will require a considerable Sum of Money to put the said Pier in good Repair, and to maintain and support the same for the future; and that great Difficulties and Inconveniences have arisen for want of sufficient Power to enforce the Payment of the said Rates, Droits, and Customary Payments, and many Encroachments have been made, and Nuisances created, in and about the said Pier or Harbour, to the great Injury of the Petitioners and Detriment to the Public, and there is not sufficient Power by Law to remove and prevent the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing and maintaining the said Pier and Harbour, and for the better ascertaining and collecting the said Rates, Droits, or Dues, and for the removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, within the said Pier or Harbour, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hollywood, Sir Eduard Knatckbull\ &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Grantham Petition of the Alderman, Comburgcsses, and Bur- Canal Peti-gesses, of the Town or Borough of Grantham, in the bon. County of Lincoln, and of the several Gentlemen, t

Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Surveys and Levels lately taken, it appears that a Navigable Cut or Canal, for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be made from, or nearly from, the Town of Grantham aforesaid, to communicate with the River Trent at or' near Ratcliffe, in the County of Nottingham; and that the making of such Cut or Canal will be attended with great local Benefit to the said Town of Grantham, and the Neighbourhood thereof, as well as general Advantage to several Parts of the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Leicester, and Derby, by rendering the Carriage of Coals, Wool, Corn, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the same re^pjctively, much more expeditious, and less expensive, than it is at present: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill lor making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut or Canal, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the

O '

House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Sir Eduard Lit-tleton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Peterborough A Petition of the several Persons, who have there- Mr. William Clement Finch reported from the Com- Kingstou

and Thorney Unto subscribed their Names, being Owners and Oc- mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees and swr-Koud Peti- cupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in the for the Care of the Road leading from the Town of i{ua<*

1U1U City of Peterborough, and Townships or Hamlets of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a *^7° re~

Eastfield and Newark, in the ^Parish of Saint John Place called Shcetbridge, near Petersjicld, in the County Baptist, Peterborough, and the Parish of Eye, in the of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had County of Northampton, and Occupiers of Houses, examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Lands, and Tenements, in the Town and Parish of House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied Thorney, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, with; and that the Committee had examined the Mat-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report That the Road leading from Sicunspool Bridge, in the the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he City of Peterborough, through the said Townships or read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Hamlets of Eastfield and Newark, and Parish of Eye, to it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; the Town of Thorney, is greatly out of Repair, and in and is as followeth; viz.

many Parts passes through very narrow Lanes, and upon To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

Low Ground, so that the same cannot be effectually passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of IIis widened, repaired, and rendered safe and commodious to Majesty King George the Second, and also an Act,

Travellers by the ordinary Course of Law; but that the passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present said Road may be made more wide, safe, and conve- Majesty, for repairing and keeping in Repair the said nient, if the said narrow Lanes were, in certain Parts Road, were read: And,

thereof, avoided, and the Road made to pass on higher Mr. Joseph Iloekley being examined, said, That the and more open Ground at a small Distance from such Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Lanes, from a Place called Eastfield Gap, through cer- Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of tain inclosed Lands in Newark aforesaid, to join the Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be present Course of the said Hoad at a Place called Newark collected on the said Road, and that the Sum of 4,150/.

Spring: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe now remains due, with a considerable Arrear of Interest; given to bring in a Bill for alteringr widening, amending, which Money cannot be paid, nor the said Road kept in and keeping in Repair, the said Road, by such H ays good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts (which is and Mams, and in such Manner, as the House shall near expiring) be further continued, and the Powers think proper. thereof altered and enlarged. Then,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Air. William Hammond, Surveyor of the Road, being

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examined, said, That the present Tolls collected upon

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it the said Road are not sufficient to pay the Interest of shall appear to them, to the House: the Money now due and to grow due, and the other Ex-

And it is referred to Air. Benyon, Mr. Harrison, See.: peaces incident to the Execution of the Trust, and to

And they are to meet upon Alonday Alorning next, at keep the said Road in proper Repair.

Nine of the Clock} in the Speakers Chamber; and A Member present also informed youjr Committee,

Vol. 47. 5 P Tims

1

1

24° Februarii. A. 1792.

That it may be thought proper to divide the Rood, and to comprize the Powers for repairing the same, in Two different Acts, on Account of the great Extent of the Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thatnes, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southamp-

ton: And that Mr. William Clement Finch and Lord William Russell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Stanley iu- A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors

ti*onUre PCt*" ^essuages> Lands, and Estates, within the Manor

or Liberty of Stanley, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Manor or Liberty, a certain Common, called Stanley Common, and other Waste Grounds, which in their, present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners and the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Common and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the respective Persons entitled thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seein meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Derby Pav- Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish presented to ing, &c. Bill the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, preseuted. cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Derby, and for selling a certain Piece of Waste Ground, situate within the said Borough, called Nun's Green, towards defraying the Expence of the said Improvements: And the same

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

against D» thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and

1 ‘ others, being Freeholders, Owners or Occupiers of

Houses, Lands, and Tenements, or Burgesses, within the Borough of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That Nun's Green did formerly contain Forty-eight Acres, or thereabouts, and all the Freeholders, Owners, and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Burgesses, within the said Borough, had unlimited Right of Common for their Cattle thereon at all Times of the Year, but the said Green being greatly annoyed by Nuisances, and encroached upon by divers small Buildings, spoiled or injured by digging Gravel, and improperly stocked, an Act was passed, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for selling Part " of a Green, called Nun's Green, in the Borough of " Derby, in the County of Derby, and for applying " the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the " Improvement of the remaining Part of the said " Green, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," pursuant to which Act, a certain Portion of the said Green was sold at a high Price for Building upon, and the Residue levelled, cleared, and improved; and, by the said Act, it is expressly directed, that the remaining Part of the said Green unsold (a small Piece only excepted) shall be and remain a Common, on which the Freeholders, Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, and Burgesses of the said Borough, shall have a Right of Common for their

Cattle under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and that the said Bill contains Clauses for Sale of the said Residue of the said Green, on which the Petitioners and others are entitled to Right of Common, as aforesaid, and for applying the Money to arise thereby in paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the said Borough of Derby, by which Clauses, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners and others would be deprived of their Right of Common on the said Green, as reserved and secured to them in-Perpetuity by the said recited Act, to the great Injury and Inconvenience of the Petitioners and all others entitled to Right of Common on the said Green; and that the said Bill also contains divers other Clauses and Provisions which the Petitioners conceive would be highly prejudicial to them and others, as Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants within the said Borough: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the Flouse shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petitions are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves against and others, Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the ^erb^cPav* Borough of Derby, was also presented to the House, C‘ and read; Setting forth, That the said Bill contains a Clause for raising the Money necessary for carrying the same into Execution by an Annual Assessment to be levied upon the same Property as the House Tax, to be rated in a Proportion not exceeding that in which it shall, from Time to Time, be rated to the said Tax; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Mode of Assessment is unjust and unequal, as by pursuing it all Mills, Malthouses, Warehouses, and many other Buildings in the Town, of a large Annual Amount, that will be improved by and have the Benefit of the intended Paving and Lighting, will not be liable to contribute any Thing towards the Expence, the Whole whereof will fall upon the Houses and Household Offices, to the grievous and manifest Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as relates to the Mode of Taxation, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners or Occupiers of Houses in the Vicinity of a certain Common, called Nuns Green, in the Borough of Derby, w as likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Green did formerly contain Forty-eight Acres, or thereabouts, but, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a certain Portion thereof was put up to public Sale, in Lots, and bought by the Petitioners and others, or those under whom the present Owners claim; and that, pursuant to a Provision in the said Act, the several Purchasers at the said Sale were obliged to agree with the Trustees for executing the said Act, that they would, within a certain Term, erect Dwelling Houses, or other Buildings, on each Lot, according to such Plan and Form, and under such Covenants and Provisions, as should be settled by the said Trustees; and that the Trustees for executing the said Act were also empowered to take down all Houses and other Buildings upon, and to remove all Nuisances and Encroachments from, the Remainder of the said Green, and to ornament and improve the same in such Manner as they should think fit, and, it was by the said Act expressly enacted, that the Residue of the

32 Geo. III.

24° Februarii.

423

Borough and Neighbourhood of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the most Noble Marquis of the Cheslvn County of Stafford, and the humble Petition of Sir InclwTure

said Green remaining unsold should be and remain a Common for the Use of the Persons entitled thereto; and that, induced by the various Provisions above mentioned in the said Act of Parliament, and fully relying on the Authority thereof, that the Portion of the said Green reserved as a Common, and directed to be improved and ornamented by the said Trustees, must always remain an airy and open Place, the Petitioners and others became Purchasers of the said Lots of Ground at much higher Prices than would otherwise Edw Baronet, More ton Esquire, I>ct|l,on-

have been bid for the same, and have erected and finished Dwelling Houses and other Buildings of very considerable Value thereon, conformably to Agreements with the said Trustees as aforesaid; and that in the said Bill are Clauses for the Sale of the said Residue

Phineas Hussey, Esquire, Henry Fenton, Esquire, Matthew Bolton, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable and Waste Lands

of the said Green, by which, if the same should pass into and Grounds, in Ckeslyn Common, in the Liberties of a Law, the Property of the Petitioners purchased, or Great Saredon and Little Sarcdon, and in the Liberty

Stone Poor Ml presented.

built under the express Sanction of the said Act, would be greatly depreciated in its^Value, to their grievous and manifest Injury; and that the said Bill also contains divers Clauses and Provisions, which the Petitioners conceive would be highly prejudicial to them and others, as Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants within the said Borough: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Jervis presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for providing a Workhouse i'or the Reception of the Poor of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

of Great Wyrley, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Liberties of Gnat and Little Saredon, and in the Liberty of Great Wyrley aforesaid, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, called Cheslyn Common, which would be greatly for the Advantage of the several Persons entitled to or interested therein, if the same were inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to each Proprietor in Proportion to their Interest therein, to be enjoyed in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying, '1 hat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Michael le Fleming and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Cherrill and Caine Road Bill presented.

Mr. Vaughan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cherri/l, through Caine, to Sludley Bridge, and from Cherri/l to the Three Mile Burrough at the Top of Cherri/l Hill, in the County of Wilts; and for more effectually amending the Turnpike Road from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petitions for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of Kendal\ in the County of Westmoreland, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop: And also,

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Hertford\ in the County of Hertford: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Great Yarmouth And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and

Sir Riclwnl Hill reported from the Committee, to Whitchurch whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Poor Petition Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- reported, selves and others, paying to the Relief of the Poor, of and within such Part of the Parish of Whitchurch, maintaining its own Poor, as lies within the County of Salop, which said Persons are the Majority of a Committee appointed by a Vestry Order of the said Parish, bearing Date the 15th Day of December 1791, for obtaining an Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of such Part of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Harmam being examined, said, That the Poor of such Part of the said Parish are now maintained at a great and burthensome Expence, and that the providing a convenient House for their general Reception, with proper Powers for their Government,

Regulation, and Employment, would tend to the more effectual Relief and Accommodation of such as by Age and Infirmities are rendered incapable of supporting themselves, and will also be the Means of affording Employment for the Industrious, and such as are able to work; and that by these Means such Poor, instead

principal Inhabitants of'll,e Town and liorongh of of »_)>«% »W°rted by the Inhabit*,.*»ou!,l tkdon, in the East liidm? of the Count, of Port:"ntr.bute to the Support of each other, and thereby

And also ° J relieve such Fart of the said Parish from a heavy and

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of JVaru'ick: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Kingston upon Hull: And also,

A Petition of the there undersigned Inhabitants of the Browne do prepare, and bring in, the same. Vox. 47.

grievous Burthen.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and within such Part of the Parish of Whitchurch, maintaining its own Poor, as lies within the County of Salop: And that Sir Richard Hill and Mr. Hawkins

A Bill

24° Febru.

A. 1792.

Bridgnorth Church Bill committed.

Reedsdale and Corse n-side Inclosure Bill committed.

A Bill for taking down the Church, Chancel and Tower, belonging to the Parish of Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for re-building the same, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hawkins Browne, Sir Rickard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Waste Lands, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor of Reedsdale, and Parish of in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Grey, Mr. Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tydd Saint A Petition of John Clement Esquire, Lord

Iar-pS?-n*°" of the Manor of Dunton Hall, in the Parish of Tydd sure e ition. Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln, Dame Jane

Trafford Southzcell, Widow, Lady of the Manor of

Tylncy Hall, in the said Parish, the Master of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, within the Town and University of Cambridge, of King Henry the Eighth's Foundation, and the Fellows and Scholars of the same College, Lords of the Manor of Trelton, in the said Parish, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, and Toftsteads, having Right of Common upon the Common Marsh and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tydd Saint Mary aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is in the said Parish an Open and Common Marsh, called Tydd Saint Marys Common, containing Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts, besides several other Waste Grounds, upon which Common Marsh and other Waste Grounds the Proprietors of Commonable Messuages, Cottages, and Toftsteads in the said Parish, have Right of Common; and that the said Common Marsh and other Waste Grounds are not so capable of Improvement, in their present State, as if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall deem necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Samuel Long and Major Mail land do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Folkestone A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading Road Bill out of the Turnpike Road from Dover, through commute . stone, to Hythe, at a certain Place called Canterbury Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, to a certain Place in the Parish of Folkestone, called Mudsholc; and for making a new Road from thence, through a certain Field, called Yaldergates, through Rainden Wood, over through Den-

ton, and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Direction Post on Barham Dozens, in the Parish of Barham, at The Four Vents, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That* the Bill be committed to Sir Edzrard Knatchbull, Mr. Hollywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bradford ( Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom R*ad Petition the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are r«p»rte . thereunto subscribed, residing in the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts and the Country adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House,-relative

to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Daniel Clutterbuck being examined, said, That the Town of Brudfoi'd and its Neighbourhood are very populous, there being a very considerable and extensive Manufacture of superfine Woollen Cloth carried on within the same, and the Commercial Connections of the said Town and Neighbourhood, with the Cities of Bath and Bristol, are upon a very large Scale.

That the present Road from Bradford to Bath, is also the direct Road to Bristol, which is not only circuitous but perilous, as its Direction is up and down some remarkably long and steep Hills, that very much impede the Traveller, and are the Occasion of frequent Accidents; and that the Passage over Stoke Bridge, is very narrow, high, and dangerous.

That if a Road was made, amended, and kept in Repair, from the Bottom of a certain Lane near the Town of Bradford, called Masons Lane, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdozen, at or near to Bath ford Bridge, it would be a real Accommodation to the Public, as w ell as of great Benefit to Bradford and its Dependencies.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Masons Lane, near the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdozen, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerset:

And that Mr. Goddard and Sir JTylney Long do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Traders, Burford, and others, of the Counties of Oxford, Berks, Gloucester, Leach lade, and Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ^ad*pe£n was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, tion.

That the Road leading from Burford, in the County of Oxford, to Leachlacle, in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes or Hamlets of Burford and and Signet, in the County of Oxford, Shilton, in the County of Berks, Broadzrell, Filkins, and Broughton Poges, in the County of O.t ford, Langford and Little

Farringdon, in the County of Berks, and Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, is in many Parts in a very ruinous Condition, in several Places very narrow and incommodious, and in some Parts subject to Floods; and that the said Road is Part of a very material Communication between the Northern and the South and South West Parts of the Kingdom, and if effectually repaired and improved would be beneficial to the Public, and particularly so to the Town of Burford, and its Vicinity (which is an extensive Corn Country) as well as to the Town of Leachlade, the said Road having an immediate Intercourse with the River Navigation to London, and the Thames and Severn Canal, which form their Junction at Leachlade, where there are sundry Wharfs and Warehouses; and that an Extension of the said intended Road to the Town of High-worth, in the County of Wills, and from thence to join the Turnpike Road leading from Swindon to Cricklade, near the Town of in the same

County (the said additional Itoad to commence from the South Side of that Part of the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Saint John’s Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, which lies within the said Town of Leachlade, and to extend Southward to the River Isis or Thames, crossing the said River by a Bridge to be erected for that Purpose, and to continue from thence, through the Parishes of Inglcsham, in the Counties

Beckett's Name Bill commit led.

Farringdon and Burfoni Road Petition reported.

Uffmgton

Inclosure

PetitioD,

32 Geo. III.

24° Febructrii.

425

ties of Berks and Wilts, and Highuorth aforesaid, to the said Town of Highu orth, and from thence, through other Parts of the said Parish of Highworth, and the Paris!les of Stanton, Stratton, Saint Margaret's, and Swindon, till it reaches the Turnpike Road leading from Swindon to Cricklade) would render the Communication before mentioned complete, there being already a Turnpike Road from Suindon to Marlborough, and Places beyond, and also one from Burford to Store, and another from Burford to Chipping Norton, and to other Parts of the Country Northward; and that, by taking the said direct Line to Inglesham, a very considerable Length of Road would be saved, and an Interference with other Turnpikes avoided: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Open and Common Fields of U/singion, in the County of Lincoln, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands within the Parish of Cjfington aforesaid iie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, with the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, are in their present Situation incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ujfington, in the County of Lincoln, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill,

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Sir James Tylncy Long, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Rill to enable Gilbert Trowc Beckett, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Turner, pursuant to the M ill of Martha Turner, Widow, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Mr. Hartley, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Rehalf of themselves and others, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Market House, in the 1 own of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Rills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: M’here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Ward, Junior, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed 2,640/. upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road amended and kept in Repair, unless the

Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Debtors, confined in the Castle of I.inca Lincoln: And also, Norwich

A Petition of the Debtors, confined in the Castle of pJtidoiis Norwich, the Common Gaol for the County of Norfolk;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Over- st. Brides seers of the Poor, and of the several other Persons, P r ami whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Bridget, commonly called Saint Bride, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence by the Parish; and that the providing of a convenient House or Houses, for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and granting proper Powers for the Government, Regulation, and Employment of them, would tend to the more effectual Relief, Assistance, and Accommodation of such as by Age, Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the Employment of the Industrious and those who are able to work, to the Correction of the Idle and Refractory, and to the Education of the Infant

Petition.

Poor in Habits of Industry and Religion; and that the Parish Church of the said Parish is in a ruinous and decayed State, and a considerable Sum of Money is necessary to be raised for repairing the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Bride, and for repairing the said Parish Church, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Term and Pow ers of the said Act are further continued, altered, and enlarged; and that it w ill be necessary to Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-vary the Course of the present Road for a small Space, mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it near the Town of Farringdon. shall appear to them, to the House:

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Rill for And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Sir Wat kin enlarging the Term and Powrers of an Act, passed in Lewes, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morn-the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ing next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford: And that Mr. Hartley and Mr. Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the

Vol. 47.

A Petition of the Right honourable David Stewart, Almond and

Earl of Buchan, and the Right honourable Janus Karl of Ilopctoun, and the humble Petition of the Honourable Henry Erskine, Dean of the Faculty of Advocates, William Honyman, Esquire, Advocate, Sir John Ingtis, of Crammond\ Baronet, Robert Colt, Esquire, of Auldhame, 5 Q Mathew

Amine lloadt Peli-lion.

ie

24° Febfuarii.

A. 1792.

Mathew Sandilands, Esquire, of Couston, Land- Petition of Michel Angelo Taylor, Esquire, and Robert

holders and Freeholders in the Counties of Linlithgow Esquire, and also, of the Petition of the

and Lanerk, or one of them, was presented to the Honourable George Gordon, commonly called Lord House, and read; Setting forth, That by certain Acts, Haddo, and the Right honourable Basil William Dou~ passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years commonly called Lord Daer, and also, of the

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Fourth and Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, a thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and House-Road has been formed from the City of Edinburgh to holders, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot within the Bridge over Almond Water (commonly called The the Borough and County of the Towm of Poole, in New Bridge) near Kirkliston, on the Confines of the Behalf of themselves and others, in like manner In-Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, and that, by habitants and Householders within the said Borough

other Acts passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty- and Town of Poole, and also, of the Petition of the seventh Years of his late Majesty King George the Se- several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, cond, and in the Fourteenth and Thirty-first of His Burgesses of the Town and County of the/fown of present Majesty, a Road has been formed from the City and entitled to vote in the Election of Burgesses to serve of Glasgow to the Town of Airdrie, in the County of ir. Parliament for the said Town and County, severally Lanerk; and that it would be highly beneficial to the complaining of an undue Election and Return lor the neighbouring Country, and of great Public Utility, said Town and County of the Town of Poole, did, on that an intermediate Line of Road between the said the 25th Day of the said Month of February, report

New Bridge over Almond Water, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, and the Turnpike Road leading irom Glasgow to Airdrie, in the County of Lanerk, should be made, amended.

to this House, that it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions did in Part depend upon the Right of Election, the Parties were therefore required to deliver in Statements in

widened, and kept in Repair, to run by or near the Writing of the Right of Election for which they re-

Lands of Broxburn, the Lands of Houston, and the Lands of Kirkton, to the Town of Bathgate, and from

thence, by or near Hardhill, Craigs,

lormie, Caldercrookmill, and Loadmanford, and by or near the said Town of Airdrie, till such intermediate Line of Road shall join the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgozvto Airdrie, at or near a Place called

Langloan; and that it would likewise be of great Public Utility that a Branch of Road should be opened and made, and kept in Repair, from the aforesaid Line of Road, by or through the said Lands of Barbachlaw, in a North Last Direction, till the same shall join the CleughTurnpike Road, at or near the North East

spectively contended: That, in consequence thereof, the Petitioners, Lord Haddo and Lord Daer, delivered in a Statement as follows — " The Inhabitants Ilouseholders within the Borough and County of the " Town of Poole, paying Scotland bearing Lot, are, " as such, Part of the Corporate Body of the said " Borough, and are legal Voters for the Two Members to serve in Parliament for the same:" That the Petitioners, Michael Angelo Taylor and Robert Kingsmill, Esquires, delivered in a Statement as follows — " The Right of Election, for Members to serve " in Parliament for the Town and County of Poole, " is in the Mayor and Burgesses only That the

Corner of the Park Wall of Andrew Gillon, Esquire, Sitting Members, Benjamin Esquire, and the

of Wallhouse, and that a Bridge should be erected over

the Water of Avon, at or near; and also,

that a Branch of Road should be made and kept in Repair from the Towns of Airdrie and Coat Is, to run Northwards, by or near East Kirk, till the

Honourable Charles Stuart, delivered in a Statement as follows — " The Sitting Members contend that the " Right of Election, for Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and County of Poole, is in the Mayor and Burgesses only: " That upon the State-

same shall join the Cumbernauld Turnpike Road, at or ment delivered in by the Petitioners, Lord Haddo and near Condorat, and at or near Bedley, in the County of Lanerk: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Hope, Sir James Steuart Denham, &c.: And they are to meet upon

Lord Daer, the said Select Committee have determined, " That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election " for the said Town and County of Poole:" That upon the Statements delivered in by Michael Angelo Taylor and Robert Kingsmill, Esquires, and the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee have determined, " That the Right of Election, for Members to serve " in Parliament for the Town and County of Poole, " is in the Mayor and Burgesses only; " and that the Petitioners are advised, and humbly insist, that the

Yoxford and Aldeburgh Roads Bill presented.

Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Right, which hath been deemed valid in the Judg Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Per- ment of the said Select Committee, is not the ancient sons, Papers, and Records. ' and true Right of Election for the said Borough

and County, or the said Tow n and County of Poole: Sir Charles Banbury presented to the House, accord- And therefore praying. That they may be admitted as ing to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keep- Parties to oppose the Right of Election which hath ing in Repair, the several Roads, or Branches of Road, been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select leading from the Parishes of Yoxford, Saxznundham, Committee, and that the Petitioners may have such and Benha/l,in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of further and other Relief in the Premises as to the

Aldeburgh, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition from Poole,

in the premises as House shall seem meet, and the Nature of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday, the 20th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant,

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being entitled to vote in the Election respecting 0p Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, Electiont0t ant* County of the Town of Poole, was delivered in at as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the the Table, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- TT ’ r "

tioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that the Select Committee, appointed, on the 10th Day of February 1791, to try and determine the Merits of the

Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. Memorandum

That Notice, of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration,

427

sideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Shelton Road A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe-1’etition. cution an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Road from Shelton, in the County of Stafford, through Bucknall, and by Ash and Cellar Head, to the Turnpike Road between Cheadle and Leek at Blakely Lane Head, and from aforesaid to the

Turnpike Road between Leek and Sandon at Weston Coyvey, in the said Act called the First District, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Act for the said First District, have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, as to the First District, is continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the said Road from Shelton, through Buclaiall, and by Ash and Cellar Head, to the Turnpike Road between Cheadle and Leek at Blakely Lane Head, and from Bucknall to the said Turnpike Road between Leek and Sandon, at Weston Coyney, in the said Act called the First District, with such Powers, and under and subject to such Provisoes, Restrictions, and Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General, Sir Edward Littleton, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hull and Mr. Samuel Thornton presented to the House, ac-lieverlcy cording to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and

presented enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Se-

venteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for repairing the Road from Norland Bridge to the West End of the Tow n of in the said

Riding: And the same was received; and read the Fust Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lamblfy In- A Petition of Samuel Turner, Esquire, Lord of the closure Pe- Manor of Lambley, in the County of Nottingham, tU oQ‘ bert Padley, Esquire, John John Jarman, and

Henry Pearson, on the Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open Fields, and entitled to Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open Fields lie intermixed and disposed, and the same, and likewise the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and Voi,. 47.

that, if the said Fields and Commons and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Hill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Robert Smithy Lord Eduard Charles Caxvndish Bentinck, and Mr. Pierrepont^ do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Stourbridge the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in petition *re-Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the ported. Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Jl ur-cester, Stafford, Salop, and IVancick, respectively, so far as the said Two several Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from Blakedoion Pool, in the Parish of Hag ley and County of J Worcester, tc? The Cross of Hands at Ho/lozcay Head near Birmingham, and from The Five JVays to New Slreel in Birmingham, in the said County of Waruick, w as referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w as read; and is as follow eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Gem being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads from Blakedoion Pool to The Cross of Hands, and from The Five IVays to New Street, in Birmingham aforesaid, in the doing of which a considerable Debt hath been contracted, which cannot he paid off’, and the Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, the Tolls increased, and some further Powers granted. —

And he further said, That the said Roads are exceedingly narrow in many Parts thereof; and, from the Nature and hilly Situation of the Country through which the said Roads pass, it will be necessary in some Places to vary and alter the Course thereof, and to purchase Land, as well for that Purpose as for w idening the Roads in several Parts thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester,

Stafford, Salop, and IVancick, respectively, so far as the said Two several Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from Blakedoion Pool, in the Parish of Hagley and County of Worcester, to Cross at Ho/lozcay Head, near Birmingham, and from The Five JVays to New Street in Birmingham, in the said County of IVancick:And that Mr. Gilbert ami Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Robert Forbes, of Gosport, in the Gosport County of Southampton, Merchant, was presented to ffrillte Peti. the House, and read; Setting forth, That great In- tion' convenience having been experienced by the Public

in

- A

428 24° Februariu A. 1792-

in general, and more particularly by the Officers and others belonging to His Majesty’s Hospital at Haslar, in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton, for want of a Bridge over a certain Salt Water Lake or Creek branching from the Harbour of Portsmouth to the Village of Alverstoke, called Stoke or Haslar Lake, situate between the Town of Gosport, in the said County, and His Majesty’s said Hospital, and the Petitioner having stated this Matter to the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt Seamen, to whom, in order to remedy the Inconvenience, the Petitioner made a Proposal to build a Bridge over the said Lake, and to permit the Officers, Servants, and others belonging to the said Hospital, to pass over the same, on being paid the like Salary that was allowed to the Ferryman employed for that Purpose, to which the said Commissioners afterwards readily assented, and in Consequence whereof the Petitioner began to erect, and hath now nearly completed, a good substantial Brick Bridge, sufficient for the Passage of Carriages, as w ell as Foot Passengers, over the said Lake; and that the Bridge now erecting will be of great Public Benefit and Convenience, particularly to those belonging to the said Hospital, as hitherto the only Mode of Conveyance for Foot Passengers over the said Lake, to and from Haslar Hospital, and the Parts adjacent, has been in Boats, which are frequently prevented passing the said Lake, sometimes from the Lowness of the Water, and at other Times from bad Weather, and Carriages being at all Times under the

' ~ O

Necessity of going round from Gosport through the Village of Alverstoke, in order to get to the Hospital, which is a Distance of near Three Miles; and that the building and finishing of the said Bridge will be attended with a very considerable Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner to erect and finish, at his own Expence, a Brick Bridge across the said Lake, called Stoke or Haslar Lake, from Gosport, in the Parish of Alverstoke, to the opposite Shore towards Haslar Hospital, in the said Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton, and for enabling the Petitioner to take certain Tolls for passing over the said Bridge, and other Purposes, in such Bill to be mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chute, Sic William Heath-cote, &c.: And they are to meet upon JSIonday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hodges and Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, ac-Cuckfield, cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Bili pre-d Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the

sented. Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of field, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the Town of Lindfield, and from the Turnpike Road between fieldand Cran ky to the Town of Horsham, and also the Road from Suingate, in the Parish of Buncash, to Shover Green, in the Parish of all in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Gedling, fcc. A Petition of the Right honourable Philip Earl of Inclosure Chesterfield, Charles Pie Esquire, John Musters,

etition. Esquire, Thomas Smith, Esquire, Ann Parr, Widow, the Reverend William Smelt, Rector, William Smith, Esquire, Daft Smith, Esquire, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Gedling,

comprizing the Hamlets of Gedling, Stoke Bardolph, and Carlton, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish and Hamlets certain Open and Inclosed Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Woods, Wastes, and other Lands, containing in the Whole about 4,379 Acres, Statute Measure, which may be greatly improved in Value if divided into specific Allotments, according to each Person’s Right and Interest therein, and inclosed:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham and the Lord Sheffield do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Tde Acts was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging " to the United States of America; and to give to " His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers " for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce " between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions,

" and the Inhabitants of the said United States;" and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the " Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for " giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the " Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the " British Colonies and Plantations in America, with " respect to certain Articles therein mentioned; " and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue the Laws now in " Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects " of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of " the Territories belonging to the United States of " America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and " Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and " the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the " said United States;" That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws, now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, continue the Laws, now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And that Mr.

Henry Hobart, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Report Ex-

who were appointed to enquire what Laws are ex- P‘nn8 ^aws. pired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee

had

.had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease," which was to be in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts of the Tenth Thirteenth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty-second, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 25th Day of March 1791, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of -the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America,

which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the ist Day of June 1769, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several Acts, made in the Fourteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the 1st Day of June 1791, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and " Utensils, an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign " Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the " Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and " to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen, " employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts " beyond the Seas," which was to be in Force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Five Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the " better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships " and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, *( up the Rivers of Thames and Medway," which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, from the 1st Day of August \717, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also, a Clause in an Act of the Seventh Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of the said Act of the Third Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, which said Act, together with the said Clause, were, by several subsequent Acts, of the Tenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, and of the Eighth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day of March 1702. and from thence to the End of the Vo u47.

then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in " Foreign Wines for the Stock of certain Foreign " Wines in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon " which the Duties on Importation have been paid,

" and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise," as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed, and taken to be, of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer, commonly called Clarice's Hydrometer, shad!, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in Force until the 5th Day of April 1788, and which, by several Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, and Thirty-first Yeara of His present Majesty’s Reign, was continued until the End of this Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First and Second Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The Third, Fourth, and Fifth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Henry , Mr. Rose, and

Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First and Second Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, lor the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hemy Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

5 R for

Marine Mutiny Bill reported.

Land Tuk

Bill reported.

Malt Bill reported*

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Cqpy of Treasury Minute, dated 16th August 1790, Papen rekt--on Memorial of Mr. on Behalf of His Majesty’s Subjects who were settled on the Mosquito Shore, quence of the praying Compensation for Losses sustained in conse- Mosquito quence of that Country having been given up to the Shore paving Crown of SpainAnd also, If'tos'a!

Copy, First Report of Messrs. Marsh and presented!"1’

dated 3 2d November 1790, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on Losses alledged to have been sustained by Persons removing from the Mosquito Shore: And also,

Copy, Second Report of Messrs. Marsh and dated 19th May 1791, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on Losses alledged to have been sustained by Persons removing from the Mosquito Shore.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

COPY of Treasury Minute, dated 16th August 1790, on Memorial of Mr. White, on Behalf of His Majesty’s Subjects who were settled on the Mosquito Shore, praying Compensation for Losses sustained in Consequence of that Country having been given up to the Crown of Spain.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 16th August 1790.

PRESENT,

Mr. Pitt

Mr. Eliot,

Lord Apsley.

"Read, Memorial of Mr. White, inclosing an Application from His Majesty’s Subjects, who were settled upon ’the Mosquito Shore, praying Compensation for the Losses they have sustained in Consequence of that Country having been given up to the Crown of Spain by the Convention Treaty of 1786.

My Lords are of Opinion, That, previous to forming any Judgment on the Propriety of proposing to Parliament Measures with a View to compensate the Memorialists for Losses alledged by them to have been occasioned by their Removal from the Mosquito Shore, it is necessary to ascertain more particularly the Nature of the Articles in which such Losses may have consisted, and especially to distinguish how far the same may relate to Implements necessary for cutting Mahogany and Logwood, or for the Cultivation of Land sufficient for the Subsistence of Persons employed in that Business; or to Buildings necessary for their Habitation; or to Expences which may have been necessarily incurred in transporting their Goods and Effects to the Coast of Honduras;and how far to any supposed permanent Property in the Soil; or to any Establishments formed with a View to a regular Settlement or Colony; or to carrying on Trade; or engaging in other Pursuits besides that of cutting Mahogany and Logwood.

Write to Messrs. Marsh and Spranger, and direct them to examine the Parties, and to consider all such Information as they may be able to collect respecting the Objects above mentioned, and respecting the Nature and Extent of the said Losses, and the several Descriptions under which the same may be classed; and to report the Result thereof to this Board.

Acquaint Mr. White, That my Lords have referred his Memorial to Messrs. Marsh and Spranger, with Directions to examine into the several Allegations contained therein, and to make their Report, with as little Delay as possible, to the Board of Treasury.

Treasury Chambers,

PebrJ 24th 1792. Charles Long.

-for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to -report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Jngrossed.

u

u

iC

<c

COP Y, First Report of Messrs. Marsh and Spranger, dated 22d November 1790, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on Losses alledged to have been sustained by Persons removing from the Mosquito Shore.

Chancery Lane, November 22d 1790.

My Lords,

According to your Lordships Directions, signified in Mr. Steele’s Letter of the 16th of September last, That we should make Enquiry respecting the Losses alledged to have been sustained by Persons by their Removal from the Mosquito Shore, in order to ascertain the Nature of the Articles in which such Losses may have consisted, and to distinguish how far the same may relate to Implements necessary for cutting Mahogany and Logwood, or for the Cultivation of Land sufficient for the Subsistence of Persons employed in that Business, or to Buildings necessary for their Habitations, or to Expences which may have been necessarily incurred in transporting their Goods and Effects to the Coast of Honduras’, and how far to any supposed permanent Property in the Soil, or to any Establishments formed with a View to a regular Settlement or Colony, or to carrying on Trade, or engaging in other Pursuits besides that of cutting Mahogany and Logwood; also, that we should examine the Parties, and consider all such Information as they may be able to collect respecting the Objects above mentioned, and respecting the Nature and Extent of the said Losses, and the several Descriptions under which the same may be classed; and to report the Result thereof to your Lordships j"

We

32 Geo. III. 24° Febru 431

We have considered the Claims that have been presented to us, and examined all such Persons as we could hear of, capable of affording Information respecting the Nature and Amount thereof.

The Number of Claims received is 63, amounting to the Sum of 41,712/. Sterling; and may be classed under the Four following Heads:

1st A large Tract of Land purchased of the Indians, by sundry Persons, with a View to a future and permanent Settlement thereon.

2d. Sugar Plantations.

3d. Lands and Houses necessary for the Use of the Settlers.

4th. Negroes, Mahogany, Craft, and Cattle.

We have in this Manner arranged the annexed Statements, N* 1 and 2, of the Amount of the Claims delivered, and what we conceive may be the probable liquidated Loss sustained under each Head: — Upon which we beg Leave submit to your Lordships Consideration the following Remarks. And with respect to " a large " Tract of Land purchased of the Indians," we have been informed by Colonel James Lawrie (who in the Year 1776 was appointed Superintendant of the Mosquito,) that in the Year 1771 he, together with Seven other Persons, for a small Consideration, purchased and obtained a Conveyance from , King of the Mosquito Shore, and Philip, Chief of the Lower Poya Indians, a Tract of Land called Abarapoya, near the principal Settlement at Black River, stated to contain 2,600,000 Acres, principally with a View to a Gold Mine apprehended to be discovered thereon. That afterwards the said Colonel Laivrie returned to England, and, in the Month of November 1771, on the Behalf of himself and others concerned, presented a Memorial to the Earl of Hillsborough, then Secretary of State for the American Department, acquainting his Lordship with the Nature of this Purchase, and requesting to be informed what Protection and Support he and others might expect from Government in working the Mine, and improving the Estate. That in Answer, his Lordship assured the said Lawrie, that whenever he was disturbed or impeded in his Rights, he might depend upon being effectually supported by Government; recommending to him the Cultivation of the Mine, and whatever other Improvement he intended to make; that the more valuable he made his Acquisitions and Improvements, the more worthy would he appear of the Protection he should at any Time have occasion to request from the Crown. — That, in consequence of this Answer, Colonel Lawrie hired Miners, and provided himself with Articles necessary for improving the Estate, and returned with them to the Mosquito Shore the latter Eijd of the Year 1773; when a Number of Negroes were purchased, and the Objects of the Mine pursued, though with little Success, on Account of Disappointments arising from the Misconduct of the Miners, until a total Stop was put thereto by the War which commenced with Spain in 1779. This Tract is represented to be very valuable, both on Account of the Mine, as well as the Nature in general of the Soil; and that it would early have answered the Expectations of the Proprietors, had the Country been in a State of greater Security against the Spaniards, prior and subsequent to the War aforementioned.

In regard to the Value of this Property, it is not in our Power to offer any Opinion. We cap only say, that the Land is estimated by the Claimants at Two Pence per Acre, and, as they conceive, very much under its Value, which amounts to the Sum of 31,360/. Jamaica Currency, or 22,400 /. Sterling. We have required from One of the Parties interested in this Tract, an Account of the Expences attending the same, which, from the Information at present received, appear to amount to the Sum of 6,391 /. like Currency, or 4,565/. Sterling.

The before mentioned alleged Answer of Lord Hillsborough, together with the Instructions in His Majesty’s Appointment of Mr. Robert Hodgson, as Superintendant of the Settlement on the Mosquito Shore, bearing Date the 31st July 1767, namely — That he should cultivate a strict Union and Friendship with his Indian and other Subjects resident on the Shore, by promoting the Prosperity and improving the Commercial Advantages thereof, seem to have justitied the Proprietors in the Steps which they had taken towards the Improvement of this Estate.

We also think it necessary, for your Lordships Information, to state that we have seen a Copy of the Declaration of Edward, King of the Mosquito Indians, dated 16 March 1739/40, whereby that Country is ceded to the Crown of Great Britain, to be settled by Englishmen, in such Manner as should be thought proper; but at the same Time we think it our Duty to add, that we do not find that Government have ever made any Grants of any Part of this country; and that it appears, by a Letter written by Lord George Germain to Sir Basil Keith, Governor of Jamaica, in June 1777, on the Subject of Applications made from the Shore, by the then Superintendant, Colonel Laurie, for Supplies of Cannon and Troops, " That it was not " the Wish or Purpose of the Crown to establish a Colony or erect a Legislature on the Mosquito Shore, as " Mr. Lawrie and others appeared to entertain Notions of, as might be collected from the Applications to

" Sir Basil Keith for Grants of Land upon the Coast, and from the Advice the Council of Jamaica gave him " to transmit, for his Majesty’s Approbation or Disallowance, several Regulations agreed upon by the Superintendant and certain of the Inhabitants with the Title of Acts."

How far your Lordships may be of Opinion, under all the Circumstances of the Case, that the Proprietors of this Tract have a reasonable Claim for Compensation for the Land, or to be reimbursed the Amount of the Expences they may prove to have been at, we submit to your Lordships Consideration; at the same Time we beg Leave to observe, that, under this Head of Claim, in the annexed Statements, we have only placed the alleged Amount of the latter.

It is also stated to us, that other very considerable Tracts of Land, distant from the principal Settlement at Black River, were in the like Manner taken up from the Indians, but without any Settlement being made thereon; but no Applications have been made to us respecting the m. — All Lands so taken up, we are informed, were surveyed and recorded on the Shore.

The Second Class of Claims is for " Sugar Plantations;" whereon we have to observe, that, whatever might have been the Wish or Intention of Government previous to the Writing of the afore-mentioned Letter from Lord George Germain to the Governor of Jamaica, many Persons, with a View of a permanent Settlement, had cultivated such Lands. — These were nearly all destroyed by the Spaniards in the Year 1779 and 1780; but, the Soil not being rendered useless for the same Culture (the Sugar Canes remaining in the Ground) the Land was deemed of more Value than others.

The Third Class is for " Houses and Lands necessary for tire Settlers;" whereon nothing material occurs to us to state for your Lordships Information.

VoL 47. The

Papers respiting giving up tli© Mosquito Shore 10 the Spaniards.

Papers re- The Fourth is for " Negroes, Mahogany, Craft, and Cattle." A Number of Negroes are stated to have specting deserted to the Spaniards, after the Convention for evacuating the Mosquito Shore, and, though hopes were

giving up the entertained, from a Correspondence which was held with the Spanish Commanding Officer in the Neighbourhood, ShoreUto°the ^at t*ie Value of such Slaves would be made good to the Proprietors, we do not find that they have obtained Spauiards. any Satisfaction for them.

With regard to a Quantity of Mahogany, stated to have been left in the Country at the Time of the final Evacuation, we understand, that though the Spaniards had agreed, that the same should be removed, yet that, soon after they had taken Possession of the Shore, none of His Majesty’s Subjects were allowed to land; and it is therefore probable, large Quantities, at a considerable Distance from Black River, could not be brought away.

As to Craft and Cattle, the Numbers and Amount thereof are not very considerable.

It has been represented to us, that, besides the Claims already delivered, many other Persons, who were settled on the Mosquito Shore, and have retired to some of the West India Islands, and other Places, lost what Property they were possessed of, and that the Amount thereof may not exceed Two thousand Pounds Sterling.

A Claim has been presented to us, by Robert White, Esquire, for the Sum of 3,072/. 195. $d. Sterling, for a Balance due to him from the Settlers, on Account of a Salary of 300l. per Annum, which is stated they had agreed to allow him for his Trouble in acting as their Agent in England; and which Balance, by the Evacuation of the Shore, they became unable to discharge. This Claim we have not included in either of the Statements, conceiving it not to fall within the Limits of the Enquiry we have been directed to make. The Account on which the Claim is founded, is made up to the Year 1786; from which Time, we are informed, Mr. White has been allowed a Pension of 3001, per Annum, in Consideration of his Services as Agent for Honduras; and, under these Circumstances, we have thought proper to mention the Receipt of this Claim, submitting the Propriety of its Allowance to your Lordships Consideration.

We have only to add, that though the Claims in general have been accompanied with the Affidavit of the Claimants, and the Appraisers of their Property, made before the Commissioners appointed to superintend the Evacuation of the Country, yet all the Information we have received, from the few Persons in England acquainted with the Property, has not been given upon Oath; nor have any of their Deeds been transmitted to this Country, but are stated to be in Jamaica and Honduras, where the greatest Part of the Claimant* jnow reside.

We have the Honour to be,

My Lords,

Your Lordships

Most obedient

Humble Servants,

Signed

Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

f John Marsh, \In' Spranger.

FIRST

FIRST STATEMENT

<5

r->

Of the Amount of Losses alledged to have been sustained by Persons at the Time of the Evacuation of the Mosquito Shore in the Year 1787.

N° of Claims. A large Tract of Land purchased with a View to a future and permanent Settlement. Sugar Plantations. Lands and Houses necessary for the Settlers. Negroes, Mahogany, Craft, and Cattle. TOTAL in Jamaica Currency.

£. s. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

63 31,360 4,231 10 — 17,278 10 — 5,526 14 3 58,396 ’4 3

Equal to £.41,712 Sterk

O

G

Chancery Lane, November 22d 1790.

(John Marsh, Signed

SECOND STATEMENT

Of the probable liquidated Amount of the Losses.

Na of Claims. A large Tract of Land purchased with a View to a future and permanent Settlement. Sugar Plantations. Lands and Houses necessary for the Settlers. Negroes, Mahogany, Craft, and Cattle. TOTAL in Jamaica Currency.

£. s. £.s. d. £. d. £. 5. d. £.s. d.

63 6,391 2,665 3 4 '3,'45 '5 — 4,022 8 8 26,224 7 —

Equal to £.18,732 Sterl*.

Treasury Chambers, Feb* 24th 1792.

It C/5 2 n

T3 Sf 5* 2 5 6J

£ © a "S

© - c s*

cr

r*

Charles Long.

32 Geo. III. 24® Februarii. 433

24° Februarii.

A. 1792.

COPY, Second Report of Messrs. Marsh and Sprmgcr, dated 19th May 1791, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on Losses alledged to have been sustained by Persons removing from the Mosquito Shore.

My Lords, Chancery Lane, 19th May 1791.

After we had the Honour of presenting our former Report to your Lordships, we received a further Charge and Claim from the Proprietors of the Alberapoya Tract of Land, to the Amount of 22,684 J. 8 9 d.

Sterling.

In our said Report we stated the Proprietors Account of their Expences attending this Tract at 6,391 I. Jamaica Currency, equal to 4,5601. Sterling, which Sum is included in the further Claim; and, that your Lordships may the better judge how they have increased it to its present Magnitude, we herewith transmit a Copy. A Perusal thereof, and particularly the Two last Items, will, we apprehend, render much Comment upon them unnecessary; but it may be proper to remark, that although the Claim of 1,380/. 8*. tod. for Salary due to Stewards, was included in the before-mentioned Sum of 6,3911. Jamaica Currency, we are inclined to think, that, upon a more strict Investigation, this Charge cannot be supported, and that hitherto no Accounts or Vouchers have been produced.

The Copy of the further Claim will shew your Lordships, that its present increased Amount is owing to the Charge therein of Interest, at Five per Cent, upon every Sum stated to have been expended, computed up to the 25th of December last, and the Claim of 7,6441, for Salaries or Annual Allowances to the Thirteen permanent Proprietors.

The Propriety of this Computation of Interest, or of admitting any Interest to he charged upon the Expences attending this Tract, we submit to your Lordships Determination; but the last Item in the Account, we apprehend, cannot be supported upon any just Principle; nor can we avoid remarking, that it appears by our former Report, that Mr. White, in the Character of Agent to the Settlers on the Mosquito Shore, brought forward a Claim of 3,072/. 194. 5 d.for his Trouble in that Agency, and, as he is One of the aforesaid Thirteen Proprietors, therefore in that Character he now claims a further Allowance of 42/. per Annum.

Upon the Whole, therefore, the apparent Reluctance with which the Account of the Consideration paid for, and of the Expences attending, the Alberapoya Tract was produced by Mr. White, the constant Repetition of every Argument he could suggest, both in the Conversations and Correspondence we have had with him, to dissuade us from suggesting to your Lordships the Propriety of estimating the Compensation to be made by the Amount of the Expences attending the same, or in any other Manner than that in which they did originally, and do still, insist upon, of Two Pence per Acre, amounting to the Sum of 22,400 /. Sterling, impress us strongly with the Idea that this further Statement is fabricated more for the Purpose of raising a Claim, on Account of Expences, to somewhat more than the estimated Value of the Tract at Two Pence per Acre, than to give that fair and candid Account of the Expences actually incurred, which we called for, and expected to have received.

With respect to the Plan upon which Compensation may be made to these Claimants, we beg Leave to submit it to your Lordships better Judgment; but we think it our Duty to add, that, since our former Report, we have stronger Reasons than we then had to imagine that there are many other Persons who may come forward as the Purchasers of large Tracts of Country obtained in a similar Way; and that a Claim has lately been presented for Lands, Houses, &c. to the Amount of 2,495/. Sterling, although we were then informed that the Amount of all unreceived Claims would not probably exceed 2,000l. Sterling.

Wre have the Honour to be,

With great Respect,

My Lords,

Your Lordships Most obedient

humble Servants,

John Marsh, In*

Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

Papers

respecting giving up the Mosquito Shore to Spain.

Treasury Chambers,

FebT 24th 1792.

Charles Long.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mutiny Bill A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for committed, the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Trade Bill ^r- Ryder presented to the House, according to presented. Order, a Bill to continue the Laws, now in Force,

for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the 'said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill for upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Female Servants, be now read. Female Ser-

And vants.

Committee on Bill to repeal Duties on certain Houses.

Committee on Bill for repealing Duties on Waggons, Arc.

House to adjourn to Monday.

Committee on Act for Support of the Greenland and Davis^ Streights Fisheries.

32 Geo. III. 24° Februarii. 485

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties on certain Inhabited Houses, containing less than Seven Windows or Lights, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, uport the Bill for repealing the Duties on Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House tills Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of " the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and " Davis's Streights," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobarf reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking R«port on into further Consideration the Report which was made the Seaford from the Committee who were appointed to examine, ®*ect,®n whether the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, cVnsidered " and John Tarleton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, which was presented to the House upon the 1st Day of this Instant February, be the same in Substance with that presented in the last Session, and, if different, in what the Difference consists, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the Resolution Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return thereupon, for the Town and Port of Seaford, presented to this House by Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and Tarleton, Esquire, upon the 1st Day of this Instant February, is the same in Substance as that presented by them in the last Session of Parliament.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on Public consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most jPcon>®"m* Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament as relates &c.Pd"ferreil’. to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report, Sup-into further Consideration the Report from the Com- ply further mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to couslJerctl* consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And the Second Resolution of the said Committee being again read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report, Ways into further Consideration the Report from the Com- and Means' mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to ^ther con-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sltm Supply granted to His Majesty.

And the Second and Third Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the

House.

The House was moved, That the First of the Resolutions, which, upon Monday last, were reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followed);

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied " die Sum of One hundred Fifty-five thousand Four " hundred Ninety-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and " One Half-penny, remaining in the Exchequer on " the 5th Day of January 1792, of the Surplus of " The Consolidated Fund, subject to the Disposition of " Parliament."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot,

the

Supply defer red.

Ways and Means deferred.

Petitions for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Penistone Bridge and Danvent Road* Petition.

the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 27° die Februarii;

Anno 32° Georgii III'" Regis, 1792. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and others, the Inhabitants of the Borough of CheppingWycombe, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of Bucks:And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Fitters, Ship Owners, and other Principal Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Sunderland, in the County of and

its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Presbytery oi Aberdeen: And also,

A Petition of certain of the Principal Inhabitants of the City and Neighbourhood of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland: And also,

A Petition of sundry Inhabitants of the City of Canterbury, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, " in the County of York, to Bridge, in

" the County of Derby, and the Roads severally leading " from Bain ford Wood gate, over Yorkshire Bridge, " to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to or near " the Eighth Mile Stone on Hathersage Moor, and to " the Village of Darzcent, in the said County of " Derby f was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That some Progress has been made in executing the said Act, and a considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be paid otf, nor can the said Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Blaekburne, from the Select Committee who Plymouth were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Election de-Petition of John Macbride, Esquire; and also, the Peti- ternuned‘ tion of William Derby, Philip Moysey, Philip Moysey,

Junior, Richard Jago Squire, John Arthur William Ragland, John Hawker, George Cromwell,

and Edward Kingdom, all legal Freemen and Voters of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the same Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of

Devon:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said John Macbride, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Electors of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And tl le said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Petition of John AlphonsoDoxat, and Charles Doxat’sand Frederick Brandt, was presented to the House, and read; Brandt’s Nit Praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for *>etltKm* their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. blaekburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Petition of John Mark Goar gas, and James Soret, Gourgas’s w as presented to the House, and read; Praying, That ®nd Sent’*

Leave may be given to bring in Bill for their Naturalization.

Nat. Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blaekburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Richard Walker was presented to the Walker’s House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given Nat.Peti' to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blaekburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Trustees of the Ax- Penu Inn minster and Honiton Turnpike Roads, and of the several and Hopiton other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Petl*

tion*

« being

32 Geo. ill. . 27° Februarii. 437

being Owners of Estates, or residing in the Counties lompton Road, near Awliscombe aforesaid, and the Road Penn Inn and of Devon, Dorset, and Somerset, and mthe Neighbour- leading from the End of Shipley Lane, near the said J^ls0Q hood of the said Roads, was presented to the House, Potters Kilns, to a Place called Cheesezcay Ash on North- petition, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act cote Hilly in the said Parish of Han't ton, and also, the passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Road leading from the London Inn. in Iloniton afore-his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing said, to a Branch of the Lyme Turnpike Hoad, near and widening the Road from a certain Intrenchment on Roncombes Gurt, and also, the Road leading from the Askenvell Hill, opposite to Chilcotnbe Farm, through the End of Star Cross Lane in Honiton, adjoining to the Town of Bridport, to Penn Inn, and from Bridport afore- Great Road from Honiton to Exeter, to the Branch of said to the Town of Beaminster, in the County of Dor- the Lyme Turnpike Road, leading from Roncombes Gurt set, and also the Road from Penn Inn aforesaid, through aforesaid to Ottery Saint Mary aforesaid, and also, the the Town of Axminster, to the Workhouse at the East Road leading from the South-East End of Holyshut End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon, Lane, near the Potters Kilns in Honiton aforesaid, to several Tolls and Powers w ere granted for repairing Langford Bridge, and so on to Ewingss Ash, and from and amending certain Roads therein mentioned, which thence to Gully Lane and Red Lane, to the End of the were to commence from the 30th Day of April 1754, Taunton Turnpike on lilagdon Hill, through the several and to continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years, Parishes of Honiton, Comberazcleigh, DunkesxrcU, Lup-and from thence to the End of the then next Session pitt, Upottery, Clayhydon, and Churchtaunton, in the said of Parliament; and, by virtue of a subsequent Act, County of Devon, and also, the Road leading from Stoney passed in the Filth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign Bridgty in Honiton aforesaid, by Tracy, to the Top of for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the Saint Cyres Hill, through the Parish of Awliscombe, are said Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year df his said declared to be a separate District of Roads, to be relate Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties paired by virtue of the said last recited Act, and should of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road from Penn be called The Fourth District of Roads; and a consider-Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Workhouse at the able Progress hath been made in amending, repairing,

East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of and improving the several Roads above described;

Devon, and to the Road from the Intrenchment on As- and that by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of kerwell Hill to Penn Inn, and from Bridport to Beamin- His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving and otherwise ster, and for repairing and amending several other Roads improving the Town of IIonil07i, in the County of therein mentioned, in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, Devon, it was enacted, that so much o!the Axm 'uister it was enacted, that the said recited Act, and all the Turnpike Road, within the Town and Parish of Honi-Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Penalties, and Forfeitures, ton, as leads from the Distance of One Hundred Yards and all other Matters and Things therein contained (ex- East of the Entrance into Shipley Lane, and along the cept so much and such Parts thereof as were thereby said Axminster Road by the Workhouse, through War* altered, varied, or repealed) should be, and the same xtick Lane, and along New Street, to the Market Cross were thereby declared to be, and continue in Force from in the High Strut, and along the High Street to the the Expiration of the Term of the said first-recited Act, Brow of Bramble Hill, and to a Lane called Star Cross and also of the additional Term granted by an Act Lane, and also, so much of the Honiton Turnpike Road, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his within the said Town and Parish, as leads from the said late Majesty King George the Second, for the Head of Shipley Lane aforesaid, and down the said Lane Amendment and Preservation of the Public High- to the East End of the said Town, and from the Pot-ways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, for the ters Kilns Turnpike Gates to the Market Cross in the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence said High Street, and also, from the Corner of H aricick to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; Lane in New Street, to Brook Hill Bridge, and from and it was thereby further enacted, that this present thence to Honiton Church, and from the Market Cross in reciting Act should, and was thereby declared to be and the High Street, along Northcote Lane, to a Barn called continue in Force, and should be executed, with the Coxvley Barn, and also, from the East End of the said said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh of George the High Street along Cluj per Lane, and also, from the said Second, for repairing the several Roads therein, and in High Street along Dowell's Lane, as far as the present this reciting Act directed to be repaired, for and during Buildings in the said Lane extend, should, from and the respective Terms aforesaid; and that the Road lead- after the Tuesday Fortnight next alter passing of the ing from Penn Inn aforesaid, through the Town of Ax- said Act, become and be under the sole Care and Ma-minster, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town nagetrient of the Commissioners for putting the said of Honiton, in the County of Devon, comprised in the Act in Execution; and that from thenceforth the Trus-said first-recited Act, and also, the Road leading from tees for the Care and Management of such Parts of Sectar Lane End, at the East End of the Town of Ax- the said respective Turnpike Roads as were therein minster, as far as Quandoes Gate, at the End of Ilazck- and hereinbefore described, should be, and were there-church Dozen, and also the Road leading from the by, absolutely discharged from the Care and Manage-Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, ment thereof, and from all Power and Authority over towards the City of Exon, as far as the Branch of the the same; and that the Road leading from Quandoes Lyme Turnpike Road, leading from Ottery Saint Mary Gate aforesaid, over Ilazekchurch Dozen, towards the to Straightway Head, in the said County of Devon, are Lyme Regis Turnpike Road, in the Parishes of Hawk-declared to be Part of the Axminster E,oads, from Penn church and Whitcchurch Cannonicorum aforesaid, and Inn aforesaid to the Workhouse at Honiton aforesaid, also, the Road leading from a certain Public House, and to be within the Third Districts of Road intended to called The Old Inn, in the Parish of Kilnnngton, in the be repaired by virtue of the said recited Acts, and as County of Devon, through the Parish of Shute, to the such should be repaired and w idened (according to the Town of Colyton, over Colyton Hill, and Stef ord Common, true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Acts) and home to the Lyme Regis Turnpike Road, at or near also the Road leading from Honiton through Northcote a Place called Hangmans Stone, within the Parish of Lane, through the Parishes of Awliscvmbe, Buckerell, Seaton and Beer, in the said County of Devon, and from Pcahembury, Broadhembury, Kentisbecr, and Part of the the White-Hart Inn, in the Town of Axminster, through Parish of Custompton, to the Town of CuWmpton, and the Parishes of Axminster, Musbury, and Axmouth, in also leading through Shipley Lane in Honiton, adjoining the said County of Devon, home to the Lyme Regis to the Great London Road from Axminster to Honiton Turnpike Road, at or near Boswell Hill Turnpike aforesaid, to the Potters Kilns there, and from thence to Gate, and also, a Line of Communication with the a Place called The Hamletx and from thence to the Cm/- said Axmouth Road, in the said Parish of Musbury,

Vol. 47. .5 T leading

Knocke Inclosure Bill presented.

438 27° Februarii. A. 1792.

leading from Long Mead Lane to a Place called Loud's Comer, in the said Parish of Shute, consisting of not more than Five Furlongs, are at present in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, but the Amendment thereof may be effected, and the same may be kept in Repair, by a Sum not exceeding 3,oooo/.; and that the Road leading from the -way Ash Branch of the Honiton Turnpike Road into Monkton Lane, and so on through the Parishes of Honiton, Comberawleigh, Monkton, and Church-

taunt on, in the said County of Devon, and of the several Parishes of Otterford and Pilminster, in the said County of Somerset, home to the Taunton Turnpike Road, leading through Blagdon, in the Parish of Pit-minsler aforesaid, is at present also in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, but the Amendment thereof may be effected, and the same may be kept in Repair, by a Sum not exceeding 1,300l.; and that the Road leading from Star Cross Lane, as far as the Branch of the Lyme Turnpike Road, leading from Ottery Saint Mary to Straightway Head aforesaid, and from thence, up Fair Mile Hill, to the Way Post in the Parish of JVhimple, in the Road leading to the City of Exeter, and branching from the said Road, in the Town of Saint Mary Otlery, by Mile Inn, to Straightway Head, otherwise Head, in the said

Parish of JVhimple, in the said County of Devon, is at present 51 Part of the Axminster and Lyme Regis Turnpike Roads, and it would be beneficial to the Trustees of those respective Roads to be exonerated from the future Care, Management, and Repair, of the Pieces of Road above described, and that the same should be put under the sole Care and Management of the Trustees of the Honiton Turnpike Roads; and that the several Roads above described, as being comprised in the said recited Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, except so much and such Parts thereof as were put, and now are, under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of the said Honiton Pav, yig Act, cannot be completely amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts of the Twenty-seventh of King George the Second, and the Fifth of His present Majesty, so far as they relate, to those Roads, are enlarged, altered, and amended; and in order to the effectual Amendment and Repair of the several other Roads above described, it is expedient that the same should be put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Acts, and that Provision should be made for defraying the Expences of such Amendment and Repair out of the Funds of the said Trusts, and it would greatly facilitate the Execution of the said Acts, if the present Powers thereof, together with such Additions, Alterations, and Amendments, as may be made thereto, were consolidated and comprised in One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Rotle,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, and allotting in Severalty,

the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Knooke, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Wooldredge, James Kemm, John Ogbourn Griffin, and James Smith, Gentlemen, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of and Persons interested in the several Common Fields and other Lands herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Manor and Parish of Ogbourn Saint George, in the County of Wilts, several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands; and that the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same, together with the said Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, were divided into specific Shares, and allotted amongst the several Proprietors, in lieu of and in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests, the same would be more convenient and advantageous to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Sir James Tylney Long do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Worcester thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the several Poor!ic-Parishes within the City of Worcest and of such Pa- *,buon* rishes as are Part within the City, and Part within the County of Worcester, and of the Parish of Michael, in Bedwardine, in the said County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Nicholas, Saint Swithin, Saint Helen, All Saints, Saint Andrew, and Saint Alban, within the City of Worcester and the Parishes of Saint Martin, Saint Clement, and Saint Peter the Great, which are Part within the City, and other Part in the County of Worcester, and of the Parish of Saint Michael, in Bedwardine, in the County of Worcester, are very numerous, and are maintained at a great Expence to the Inhabitants, and the Petitioners conceive, if proper Powers were granted for providing a House or Houses for their Reception, and their being orderly and well governed therein, it would tend not only to the more effectual Relief and Subsistence of such as by Age or Infirmities are incapable of supporting themselves, but to the better Employment of the Able and Industrious, to the Correction of the Idle and Profligate, to the Education of the Infant Poor in Industry and Religion, and to the Advantage of themselves and the said Parishes; and that, if Provision was made for allowing Contracts and Agreements to be entered into for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor belonging to any of the Parishes in the County of Worcester, in such Place as may be provided for the Reception of the Poor of the Parishes aforesaid, it would be an Ease and Advantage to those Parishes who may be willing to enter into such Agreements, and of Public Utility; and that some of the said Parishes have no Church Yards, and others have suffered great Inconvenience from their being too small, which renders a General Burying Ground for the Use of all the said Parishes necessary, and if proper Powers were given to provide the same, it would be of great

Utility:

32 Geo. III. 27° Februarii. 439

Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the Hquse shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Leckmere, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tr*v*t,im A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-rln.i plti°.rt holders, in the Counties of Monmouth and,

t;on and of several other Persons interested in the Iron

Works established there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the making and maintaining a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near a certain Place called Pontnewenydd, in the Parish of in the Coun-

ty of Monmouth, to communicate with the River at or near the Town of Newport, in the same County, with a Branch or Collateral Cut from the same, at or near a Place called Crynda Farm, to, or near to, a certain other Place called , in the same

County, which, with the Assistance of Railways, will open a Communication with divers Iron Works, Lime Stone Quarries, Woods of Timber Trees, and Collieries, in the Neighbourhood of and

Crumlin Bridge aforesaid, and with large and extensive Tracts of Land in which sure very valuable Veins and Seams of Iron and Coal, and will be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Rooke, the Marquis of Worcester, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition re- A Petition of John Smyth and William Sotheron, specting the Esquires, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Election for Setting forth, That, upon the 9th Day of March, in the Pontefract. Year 1791, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Charles Mellish and John Anstruther, Esquires, and also the Petition of several other Persons, Freeholders of Burgage Tenure, within the Borough of Pontefract, and as such claiming to be Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, reported to the House, That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions did wholly depend upon the Right of Election, and that, therefore, the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election, for which they respectively contended — -That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Charles Mellish and John Anstruther, and the said other Persons, delivered in a Statement respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, as follows: " That the Right of Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the " Borough of Pontefract, in the County of , is in " Persons having, within the said Borough, a Freehold " of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent" — That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said John Smyth and William Sotheron, Esquires, delivered

Vol. 47.

in a Statement, as follows: The Counsel for the " Sitting Members state the Right of Election for the.

" Borough of Pontefract to be in the Inhabitants " Householders Resiants" — That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee reported, that they had determined, " That the Right of Election, as set " forth in the said Statement, Is not the Right of

"Election for the Borough of Pontefract, in the " County of York" — That upon the Satement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee reported, that they had determined, " That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the " said Borough of Pontefract-, and that John Walsh,

Esquire, pretending to be an Elector of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Pontefract, having, on the 1st Day of this Instant February, presented his Petition to the House, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, praying that he might be admitted as a Party, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, to oppose that Right of Election, in favour of which the said Select Committee had reported, as above set forth, and that he might have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House should seem meet, and the Nature of his Case might require, and the Petitioners insisting that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is the ancient and true Right of Election for the said Borough of Pontefract: Therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election, so reported to the House as aforesaid, according to the Form of the said Statute, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and as the Nature of their Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 19th Day of March next, at the same Time that the Petition of John Walsh,

Esquire, who claims to be an Elector of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, w as inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Pontefract, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Petition to Lands and Grounds within the several Townships of amend H«t-Hutton Buskell and West Ay ton, in the Parish of Hutton ton 15ushe11 Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York, Inc,0-"re-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That an Act was made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings,

" Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor " and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of Yorkwherein the' Lands in-

tended to be divided and inclosed are all described as being situate within the Township of Hutton Bushell only, but, since the Time of passing the said Act, it hath been discovered that certain Parts or Parcels of the

the said Lands, containing by Estimation 200 Acres, of Ashton under Lyne, in the County of Lancaster, or thereabouts, are not within the said Township of and the Neighbourhood thereof, sustain very great Hutton Bushell, but within the adjoining Township of Inconvenience and Loss in carrying on their Trade

West Ayton aforesaid; and that the said Lands in the and Dealings with the Towns of Manchester and Old-Township of West Ayton are so intermixed with the ham, in the said County of Lancaster, and Huddersfield,

Lands in the Township of Hutton Bushell, that the said Halifax, Leeds, and in the County of York,

Act cannot at present be carried into Execution, and for want of a good Road from or near Stand-Edge, in it hath also been found, since the passing of the said the Parish of aforesaid, through, or near

Act, that divers Inconveniences, Disputes, and Dif- to, certain Places called Upper Mill and in

ferences, are likely to arise amongst the Owners and the said Parish of Saddleuorth, and through or near a Proprietors of the said uninclosed Lands and Grounds, Place called Lees, in the said Parish of Ashton and of the Messuages, Cottages, and ancient inclosed Lyne, to or near Mumps Brook, in the Township of Lands and Grounds within the said Townships of Oldham, in the Parish of in the said County

Hutton Bushell apd West Ayton respectively, unless the of Lancaster, and for want of a Branch from and out said Act be explained and amended, and the Provisions of the said intended Road, through or near Dobcross, to thereof extended to the said Township of West Ayton: or near a Place called Walt Hill, in the said Parish of And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Saddl and of another Branch from and out of bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said recited the said Road at or near Shaw Hall, to or near a Place Act, and to extend the Provisions thereof to the said called Hollins, and also for want of another Branch

Township of West Ayton, in the Parish of Hutton Bushell, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncotnbe and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

Ripon A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and

Paving Pe- Township of Ripon, in the County of York, whose tition. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Said Borough, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted or watched, and the several Streets, Lanes, Public Highways, Passages, and Places, within the said Borough and Township of Ripon, are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are in some Places very incommodious, and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers; and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety, of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Township, and all other Persons resorting to, and travelling through, the same, if the said Streets, . Lanes, public Highways, Passages and Places, were

properly paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, and kept free from Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets of the said Borough, and for repairing and amending the Highways within the said Township, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, within the said Borough and Township of Ripon, and for other necessary Purposes, in such Manner and Form, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are To meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Saddlewonh A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Roads Peti- thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Mer-tiem. chants, Woollen Clothiers, and other Manufacturers

and Residents, within the several Counties of York and Lancaster, or One of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That many of the Merchants, Woollen Clothiers, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, in the Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of York, and in the Parish

from and out of the said intended Turnpike Road tp or near a Place called Stonebreaks, all in the said Parish of Saddleuorth, to communicate between the said Towns of Manchester, Oldham, and Huddersfield, and many of the populous and trading Parts of the Parishes of Saddleuorth and Ashton under Lyne aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing a Road from or near Stand-Edge, in the Parish of Saddle-uorth, in the West Riding of the County of York, through or near to certain Places called Upper Mill and Lydiate, in the said Parish of and through or near a Place called Lees, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne, in the County of Lancaster, to-or near Mumps Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the said County of Lancaster, and for making and repairing a Branch from and out of the said intended Road through or near,

to or near a Place called Wall Hill, in the said Parish of Saddleuorth, and for making and repairing another Branch from and out of the said Road at or near a Place called Shaw Hall, to or near a Place called Hollins, and also for making and repairing another Branch from and out of the said intended Turnpike Road to or near a Place called Stonebreaks, all in the said Parish of Saddlexcorth, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

' And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and cords.

Sir George Jackson reported from the Committee, to Mr Turner.s whom the Petition of James Turner, of Milbank Street, petition re-

Westminster, Gentleman, was referred; That the Com- ported, mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Samuel Brandram, Colour Merchant, being examined, said, That the Yellow Colour heretofore used in this Kingdom for painting Coaches, and other Purposes, was imported from Abroad — That Mr.

Turner has invented a Yellow Colour that has been found superior to the Foreign; so much so, that they now export Mr. Turners Colour to the same Parts from whence the Foreign used to be imported; and that, for the general Purposes where Yellow Colour is used, it is less expensive, and infinitely more beautiful,

*» so

32 Geo. III.

27° Februarii.

441

so that the Necessity for the Foreign must, in a great Measure, be now superseded — That it is an Object Of Importance to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, and must become more so, as it is now exported to the East and West , and all

Parts of Europe — That, as Salt is used in the Preparation, it will increase the Consumption of that Article, and render the Use of the Colour called King’s Yellow, and Orpiment, in a great Measure unnecessary.

Then Letters Patent, dated 26th February 1781, granting to the Petitioner an exclusive Right and Property, for the Term of Fourteen Years, in his Invention of a Method of producing a Yellow Colour for painting* in Oil or Water, making White Lead, and of separating the Mineral Alkali from Common Salt, all to be performed in One Process, were produced to your Committee; together with a Copy of the Inrolment in the Court of Chancery of an Instrument in Writing, pursuant to a Proviso in the said Letters Patent, describing the Nature of the safd Invention, and in what Manner the same was to be performed. Then,

Mr. Brandram being further examined, said. That Mr. Turner has been deprived of the Benefit of his Invention by the Artifices of certain Chymists and Colourmen, who have taken Advantage of his Specification; and, being in Possession of the Channels of Trade, have invaded his Patent, and supplied the Dealers and Consumers with an inferior Sort of Yellow Colour, at a lower Price, by which the Sale has been diminished to a very considerable Extent.

That Mr. Turner has obtained Verdicts against several Persons, in divers Suits at Law, for invading his Patent, and an Injunction from the Court of Exchequer to prevent the like Practices in future; but that, in prosecuting such Proceedings, he has been put to much Expence, and great'loss of Time, which has not been recompensed by the Damages given, the same having been only nominal — That unless the Term of the Patent is prolonged, and the Property of the Invention secured for an additional Term, Mr. Turner cannot receive an adequate Recompense for his Labour, Expence, and Loss of Time, in bringing the Discovery to Perfection.

Mr. Brandram then stated to your Committee, That the Consumption of his (the Witness’s) House, in the Patent Yellow, was,

From July 1783 to July 1784 - Cwt. 39

1784 to 1785 - - - 45

1785 to 1786 ... 71

From July 1786 to November, inclusive 18

Jan. 1787 to August 1787 - 14

1788 to June 1789 - 6

That a Verdict having been obtained, early in the Year 1789, by Mr. Turner, he appointed the Witness and his Partners sole Agents for the Sale of his Yellow Colour.

Cwt. Qrs.

That the Consumption in April,

May, and June 1789, was - - 150 3

And from July to December, in the same Year, it was - - - 100 2

In the Half Year of 1790 '- - 233 £"1 aft.

The following Half Year - - 154 f J *

Then,

Mr. Robert Maberley, Coach Painter, being exa-. mined, said, That Mr. Turners Yellow Colour is superior to the Foreign, and less expensive — That the Quality of the Kings Yellow, and Orpiment, which they formerly used to produce a beautiful Yellow, was injurious to the Health of the Workmen in the greatest Degree; and in respect to its Use, it was very inconvenient in the drying, and in not preserving its Colour.

And Mr. Maberley added, That he was a Witness, Vol. 47.

in the Court of King's Bench, when Verdicts were obtained by Mr. Turner, in different Actions, against Persons who had invaded his Patent.

Mr. Lionel Lukin and Mr. Ouxn O'Keefe, Coach-makers, were then examined, who confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Maberley; and added, That, of all the Yellow Colour they had ever used, that made by Mr.

Turner is infinitely preferable, and cheaper in every Respect.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour, of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited: And that Sir George Jackson, Mr. Pulteney, and Sir Martin Browne Folkes, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir George Jackson reported from the Committee, Davall.ms to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nat. Bill An Act for naturalizing John Baptist was reported, and

committed; That the Committee had examined the passe Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Richard Langley, Esquire, Lord of North Grim-the Manor of North Grimston, in the East Riding of ston Inclosure the County* of York, and also Owner of several Ox- retlllon-gangs of Land and Ground within the Parish of North Grimston aforesaid, Richard Thompson, Clerk, Master of Arts, Prebendary of the Prebend of in the said East Riding, Francis Green, Clerk, Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish of North Grimston aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of other Estates and Hereditaments there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Parish are several Open Fields and Uninclosed Grounds, and the several Properties therein lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to the Persons interested therein, if the same were inclosed and divided into specific Allotments, and exempted from the Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Dorwne, Mr. Duncombe, and Mr. Wilberforce, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Trustees and Guardians of Sir March Inclo-Henry Peyton, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of - sure l’etition.

ton, with the Members, in the Isle of and County of Cambridge, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Proprietors of Messuages, Houses, Cottages, and Tofts, having Right of Common upon the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Town or Hamlet of in the said Manor and Parish of Doddinglon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Town or Hamlet of March, several Commons and Waste Grounds, containing together about 3,440 Acres, Part whereof are called Stinted Commons, otherwise Running Commons, and other Part called Cow Pastures, over the Whole whereof the Proprietors of 180 Commonable Mes-

5 U suages,

442 27 0 Februarii.A. 1792.

suages, Houses, or Toftsteads, within the said Town or Hamlet, are, in respect thereof, entitled to Right of Common, and the Owners of Nine antient Cottages in March aforesaid (or of the Toftsteads, being the Sites whereon Cottages formerly stood) have Right of Common for T\vo Cows each, from May Day to Michaelmas in every Year, on such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as are called Cow Pastures; and that the said several Commons and Waste Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall deem necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Yorke, and General Adeane, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bristol Gaols A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common-

1 ctition. alty of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, wag presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Gaol of the City of Bristol, and County of the same City, and also the House of Correction, called Bridewell, within the said City, are too small, and not properly constructed for the Reception, Confinement, Separation, and Employment of Prisoners, and it would be of great Public Utility, if a new Gaol, with a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, were erected in some other Part of the said City and County; and that the purchasing of Ground necessary for such new Gaol, Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, building the same upon a Scale sufficiently large and commodious, and maintaining and supporting the same, will be attended with very considerable Expence, which cannot be provided for, nor can proper Regulations for the due Management of the same, and for the Security and Preservation of the Health of the Prisoners, be established and enforced, without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for purchasing the necessary Ground for erecting a new Goal, with a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol and County of the same City, for building the same, and for the other Purposes above mentioned, and to enable the Petitioners to raise Monies for effecting the same, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Sheffield, the Marquis of fVorcester, See.: And they are to meet To-morrowr Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Voices to Committee on Wyrley, &c. Canal Bill.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, IVyrley Bank, in the County of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal, is committed.

Great Carl- A Petition of the Right honourable Lord p" .^ra‘naSc loughbyde Broke, Thomas Stinton, Doctor in Divinity, etition. Rector of Great Carlton, in the County of Lincoln, John Forster, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Low Lands and Fen Grounds in the said Parish of Great Carlton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

t,«

That there is within the said Parish a Tract of Low Land or Fen Grounds, containing 1,220 Acres, and upwards, which Lands, for want of a proper and effectual Drainage, are liable to Inundation in wet Seasons; and that, if the said Lands were properly drained, they would become much more productive, and greatly increase in Value, to the immediate Benefit of the Proprietors, and to the ultimate Advantage of the Community: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Drainage of the said Low Lands and Fen Grounds, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Martin Browne Mr. Henry Hobart, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Benyon reported from the Committee, to whom Peterborough the Petition of the several Persons, who have there-unto subscribed their Names, being Owners and Oc- tionreported, cupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in the City of Peterborough, and Townships or Hamlets of East field and Newark, in the Parish of Saint John Baptist, Peterborough, and the Parish of Eye, in the County of Northampton, and Occupiers of Houses,

Lands, and Tenements, in the Town and Parish of Thorncy, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Bowker being examined, said, That the Road leading from Swanspool Bridge, in the City of Peterborough, through the Townships or Hamlets of Eastfield and Newark, and Parish of Eye, to Thorney, in the Isle of Ely, is greatly out of Repair, and narrow, low, and incommodious to Travellers, and cannot be properly repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the said Road may be made more commodious, if the narrow Lanes were, in certain Parts, avoided, and made to pass on higher and more open Ground.

And the Witness further said, That some Part of the said Road, leading through a Street called Boongate, in the said City, is very narrow, and dangerous to Travellers, and that, in order to open the same, and to make it safe and commodious, it will be necessary to take down a Cottage, and some Buildings belonging thereto, the whole being of small Value; and to lay the Site, or Part thereof, into the Road; and also to add a small Part of a Close and Garden, in Boongate aforesaid, into the Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Swanspool Bridge, in the City of Peterborough, to the Town of Thorney, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for altering the Course of some Part of the said Road: And that Mr. and Mr. Lionel Darner, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough Petition re-of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham. ^Pec(||n8,the paying Scotland Lot within the said Borough, whose Eifctj0°, for

Names Newark.

Sri

jw

'.01

32 Geo. III. 27° Feb 443

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said Borough in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors of the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, upon the 22d Day of March 1791, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a certain Petition of William Paxton, Esquire, and also, a Petition of several other Persons, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, reported to the House, that they had determined, " That the Right " of voting for Members to serve in Parliament for " the Borough of Newark, in the County of Nettingham, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and all the Inhnbitants paying Scotland Lot within the said Borough and that certain Persons, pretending to be Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Newark, having, on the 13th Day of February Instant, presented a Petition to the House, praying that they may be admitted as Parties to oppose the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee have reported as aforesaid: And the Petitioners insisting that the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee have reported as aforesaid, is the true Right of Election for the said Borough of Newark; therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday, the 30th Day of March next, at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Nezvark, in the County of is ordered

to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or W arrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Newark, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Sowerby and A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer-Manchester chants. Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Petition'0" Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Surveys lately taken, it appears practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the County of to or near Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also that several Navigable Brunches may be made from the said intended Canal (amongst others) to or near Coin, Rochdale, and Oldham, all in the said County of Lanand that such Canal and Branches will be the Means of opening a certain Communication for the cheap and easy Conveyance of Coals and other Minerals, Wares, Merchandize, and all heavy Commodities, between the East and West Seas, and the very considerable intermediate Towns of Manchester, Rochdale, Halif ax, and other manufacturing and Trading Towns and Places, whereby the Vol. 47.

Intercourse of Trade and Commerce between the Ports of Hull and Liverpool, and the said Towns and Places, will be greatly promoted and facilitated, and the Agriculture ot a very populous Country will be materially assisted, by being supplied with Lime, and other Manure, at a moderate Expence, and the said Canal and Branches will, in many other Respects, be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Navigable Canal and Navigable Brandies, with convenient Reservoirs and Towing Paths thereto, respectively, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Duncombe,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- Glnsjmw unto subscribed, Owners of Land in the Counties of and '0,<or Lanerk, Dumbarton, and Renfrew, was presented to the pinion S House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Terms of Two " Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh " Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into " the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the " Roads from the City of Glasgow to Bridge, to

" Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the " Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbals "to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of " Lanerk and Renfrew," certain Trustees were authorized to survey, order, repair, and keep in Repair, the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and sundry Powers were thereby given to the said Trustees, particularly to borrow certain Sums of Money upon the Credit of the 'lolls to be collected on the said Road; and that a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Act, upon the Credit of the Tolls collected on the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, which is still unpaid, and great Progress has been made in making, repairing, and widening the said Road, but the same cannot be effectually made, repaired, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act of the Fourteenth of His present Majesty be enlarged, and further and other Powers granted for those Purposes; and that the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, commencing near to Partick, and passing by Broomehiland to the Draw-bridge over the said Canal on the Temple Farm of Garscube, and thence, by and Scots-

toun, to the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, near to Blarthill, which is not comprized in the Acts of Parliament before mentioned, is, in many Parts, out of Repair, unsafe, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually made, repaired, widened, and rendered safe and commodious, without the Interposition of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor extending or enlarging the Term, and altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, in so far as respects the aforesaid Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the aforesaid Road, and also, for making, repairing, keeping in Repair,

Land Tax Bill passed.

Bill for repealing Duties on Female Servants reported.

Bill to repeal Duties on certain Houses reported.

Bill for repealing Duties on Waggons, See. reported.

27° February. A. 1792.

and widening the Road of Communication before described between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, in such Manner, and with such Powers, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Frederick

Campbell, &c.. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Air. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Female Servants, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties on certain'Inhabited Houses, containing less than Seven Window s or Lights,

?ranted by an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Lis present Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Air. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, w’as committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from Accounts of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Sugars im-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented p°rt*dand to the House, pursuant to their Orders, presented.

An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation p Sugars Annually imported into Great Britain, with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon, from the Year 1764 to the Year 1791, both inclusive: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Raw and Refined Sugars exported from Great Britain, from the Year 1704 to the Year 1791, both inclusive, with the Amount of the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon, distinguishing each Year, and the Raw from the Refined; distinguishing also the Quantities exported to

Ireland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Ma- Marine jesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Mutiny Bill Third Time. passe,)-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, aiui

to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the a eans" Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Afr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

Air. Henry Ilohart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Alorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Aloney issued to several Persons at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, and of the Sum which will be necessary to be issued from the same on the 5th of April 1792, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers and others who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Civil Government, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which

Committee of Supply.

Accounts, &c. referred. Money issued out of Civil List.

To Mr. Cotton for American Sufferers.

Money issued pursuant to Ad* dresse s.

;.f m

-Dins

)V :al-

kV

tfftl

Forse ?rnvi*i if. Iff

Mill 1

uti

ups

Fur ca:

)D the

jerullu

Mr.

! tO p

is ol

*Se

Re)

to

ttrrj

v'tn

<s,

For maintaining Convicts at Lan^stone, and Portsmouth.

For D° on the Thames.

For sending Provisions, &c. to New South Wales.

For Regulating the shipping of Sla\ es.

For carrying on the Prosecution agau st Mr. Hustings.

To Mr. Cotton to pay hills of Ex-ehange, See.

For Relief to American and East Florida Sufferers.

Report on

African

Claims.

32 Geo. III. 27° Februarii.

445

which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Representatives of Henry Bradley, and James Bradley, Esquires, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of sending Provisions and sundry Articles to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn by Governor Phillip and Lieutenant Ball, and of other Expences incurred on Account of the Convicts to that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners, appointed in pursuance of an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and continue, lor a limited " Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating " the shipping and carrying Slaves in vessels

" from the Coast of Africa ,"and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Sums issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3 /. l o s.per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied after the Payments, which became due on the loth Day of October 1791, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dis-sentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th April 1792, together with the Sum of 61. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1792, after the same Rate of 3 /. 10 s.per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 6 I. 5 s. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into Losses which may have been sustained by Owners of Ships or Vessels engaged Vol. 47.

in the African Trade, in consequence of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of December 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the African Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred PetTuon'^'3 to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " 4th February Papers re1792 — MasterofMint — Expences for 1791, amount- "pngtothe " ing to 9,819/. 18 s. id." be referred to the said MlnU Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper intituled, " The Account " of the Earl of Leicester, Master and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint within the Tower of London, of all " Monies by him had and received out of His Majesty’s " Receipt of Exchequer, and elsewhere, for the Service of the said Mint, for the Year 1791; also of " all Monies by him paid, and for Charges incurred in the said Mint, within the Time of this Account," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Officers of " the Mint Report on Earl of Leicester's Account as " Master and Worker," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Memorial of " John Vernon the Younger, Solicitor to the Mint," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Principal " Officers of the Mint — on Mr. Vernons Account " as Solicitor to the Mint," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for «□ Mutiny punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Bl11, Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill for prt-for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the venting Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Execution of £*c'j"e Body Warrants: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney with respect General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Charles Long, to Body and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same. or erc '

5 X Ordered,

Bill for preventing Frauds in the Excise with respect to Sope, or dered.

Bill for regulating the Conduct of Auctioneers, ordered.

Bill for preventing Frauds in the Excise by Common Brewers, ordered.

Bill respecting exporting Tea to Ireland, &c. ordered.

Bill for allowing Dealers to buy British Spirits of entered Dealers, ordered.

Honiton Petition for a Tax on Dogs.

Report on Act for Support of the Greenland, &c. Fisheries deferred.

Rochester

Writ.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in -the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Manufacturing of Sope: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A. 1792.

Martis, 28® die Februarii;

Anno 32® Georgii III,a Regis, 1792.

27* — 28° Februarii.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Conduct of Auctioneers: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, by Common Brewers: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing certain Regulations with respect to Certificates on exporting Tea to Ireland or America: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing Dealers in British Spirits to buy British Spirits of all entered Dealers: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Portreeve, Bailiff, and Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are alarmed at the numerous Instances of Madness in Dogs, which have for some Time past occurred in the said Borough and Parish, and Places adjacent, as well as in other Parts of the Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that a Tax may be imposed upon Dogs, or such other Relief given as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the further Support and Encouragement of the " Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's " Streights," he received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the County of Rent, in the room of Sir Richard Bickerton, Baronet, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration SeafordEltc-the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, tion Petition and John Tarleton, Esquires, complaining of an undue C0QBld're(i' Election and Return for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Two Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read;

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of Lieutenant Colonel Gould being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons, which he before stated to the House on Thursday last; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Name, of the Honourable George Cranfeld Berkeley being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons, which he before stated to the House on Thursday last; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Thirty-two Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir James St. Clair Erskine,

Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Elijahbeing drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel fop the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Charles Gould being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, as Judge Advocate General, his Attendance was absolutely necessary on a General Court Martial holden for the Trial of Captain Shipley, of the Corps of Engineers; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him, being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside, Eight on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn);

Eleven against tyhose Election Petitions were depending; One as being a Petitioner complaining of an undue Election and Return;

Twelve

32 Geo. III. 28° Februarii.

447

Twelve as then serving on Select Committees; and Six on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Middleton Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee to whom and Egleston, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Pa it! on* re an(^ others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

ported. r being severally Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the several Counties of Durham and York, near the Road therein after described, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Kitching being examined, said, That the several Roads described in the Petition, are in most Parts ruinous, narrow, and incommodious for Carriages and Travellers — That many Parts of the Road lead through uncultivated Wastes and Moor Lands, and other Parts thereof are subject to be Overflowed by several' Brooks or Rivulets, which, by reason of the mountainous Country through which they run, are frequently flooded and rendered impassable — That if the said Roads were to be properly repaired, widened, and raised, and the said Brooks made passable for Carriages in the Time of Floods, by sufficient Tunnels, Arches, or other Erections, it would be of great Advantage and Convenience to all Persons residing near the same, and would likewise facilitate the Carriage of Coals, Lead, Timber, Corn, and other Produce of the adjacent Country, and also be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, raising, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from The Hoodgate, at the West End of the Town of Middleton , in the County of Durham, to the Town of Egleston, in the same County, and from Egleston Bridge to the Head of the said Town of Egleston, and from thence to the Collieries or Coal Works called West Pitts, in the Parish of Saint Andrews Auckland, in the same County: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sunderland Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Ktelmens Petition of the several Persons, whose Names or

Petition re- are thereunto subscribed, being Skippers and

pore. Keelmen employed on the River Hear, on Behalf of themselves and all the other Skippers and Keelmen employed on the said River at Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w-as read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Sanderson being examined, said, That the Skippers and Keelmen employed in navigating Keels upon the River Wtar, are very numerous, and from the Nature of their Employment are obliged to reside mostly in the same Parish, so that when they or their Families become Objects of Parochial Relief, the Parish wherein they reside is either most grievously Vol. 47.

burthened, or an inadequate Fund is raised for their Support; in order therefore to avoid these Evils, the Petitioners are induced, by a Contribution amongst themselves, and a regular small Deduction from their Wages, to raise a Fund for the Relief and Support of themselves and Families when they shall become necessitous, but that they are unable to carry their good Intentions into Effect without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, employed on the River Wear, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr. Milbanke do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to BishopWear-whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Coal fitters, mouth Bridge Ship Owners, Merchant Adventurers, and others, *’etition ri> the Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Sunderland ported* near the Sea, in the County of Durham, and its Vicinity, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for erecting Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Tho?nas Sanderson being examined, said, That the Town of Sunderland, and its Vicinity, having become very populous, great Inconvenience, Delays, and Danger, are experienced from the present Mode of Passage across the River Hear — That the building a Bridge at or near a Place called in the Parish

of Bishop Wearmouth, would tend to facilitate Trade and Commerce between the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, and be a Means of preventing great Danger and Inconvenience to many of His Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Wear, from the Banks or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bishop Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk Wearmouth, in the same County: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr. Milbanke do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Freeholders and principal Inha- Petition for bitants of the Town of Darlington, in the County of p^^sion to Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Borough-ting forth, That by an Act passed in the Eighteenth bridge and Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the hurhani Second, for repairing the High Road leading from oad 1 Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, there was contained a Proviso, " That nothing therein contained " should empower the Trustees to erect any Turnpike " Gate at any Place nearer to the Town of Boroughbndge than Two Miles, or at any Place nearer to

" the said Town of Darlington, on the South Side " thereof, than Two Miles, or at any Place on the " said Road nearer to the Market Cross of the Town " of Northallertofi, than One Mile;" and that, by reason of the Distance being confined to the South Side of the said Town of Darlington, instead of being made general, as in the Case of the Towns of Boroughbridge and Northallerton, a certain Turnpike Gate was erected.

28° Februarii.

A. 1T92

and now continues, on the North Side of the said Town of Darlington, and although the Inhabitants of the said Town repair their own Streets, and do not travel (to many of their respective Farms) above Two Hundred Yards upon the said Road, yet they are obliged to pay the Toll at the said Gate on that and

" fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from " Cramond Bridge to the Town of in the County of Linlinthgow," was referred: ' That the

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, haa

many other Occasions; and that, by reason of the been complied with; and that the Committee had Increase in the Manufactories of Darlington, the River examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-Slcerne is daily in such a turbid State, from the Mixture rected him to report the same, as it appeared to them, of the Poisonous Refuse of Dying Houses, that the to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, Inhabitants are obliged to water their Horses and and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

other Cattle at a little Rivulet, called Cocker Beck, within about Ten Yards North of the said Gate, and also to fetch the Water necessary for their Domestic Concerns from the same in Carts, but such Carts are

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

George Dundas, Esquire, being examined, said, That

liable, and do pay a Toll in passing the same; and that, great Progress has been made in repairing the said on the Inhabitants Application to the Trustees of the Road from Cramond Bridge to Queensferry, and a con-said Road, at their several Meetings, to have the said siderable Sum of Money borrowed and expended there-Gate removed, the Answer generally received was, that on, of which One thousand Pounds still remains due a Provision might be inserted in the new Act, in- and owing, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road tended to be obtained for the said Road, for removing kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the the said Gate; and that Leave is now given to bring said Act be enlarged and varied, and the Tolls in-in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the creased.

Two several Acts relating to the said Road, but a dis- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

cretionary Power still remains in the Commissioners for enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the removing the said Gate, and the Petitioners are appre- Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, inti-hensive that many of the Trustees being no way inte- tuled, " An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of

rested in the Petitioners Situation, and living a great Distance from Darlington (the said Road running at least Fifty-two Miles) that they may not be induced to attend to any further Application of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the Removal of the said Gate a Mile and a Half from Darlington Cross to the North, with a Side Gate, at a certain Lane called IVhessoe Lane End, would, so far from decreasing the Tolls, augment the same, and the Inhabitants of the said Town of Darlington would there-by be relieved from a very great Burthen and Nuisance,

so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond Bridge to " the Town of Queenferry, in the County of " gotoAnd that Mr. John Hope, Mr. Cochran, and Mr. I Fernyss, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Warden and Fellows of Soitls Lewknor In-College, in Oxford, and of the several other Persons c*osore ^eti' whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of tllon’ themselves and others, Owners of the Estates within

and the Petitioners are so convinced of the Propriety the Parishes of Lexcknor and in the County of

of removing the said Gate, and that the Tolls thereby Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Set-arising will not be injured, nor the Securities of any of ting forth, That there are within the said Parish of the Mortgagees endangered, that they do hereby un- several Common Fields, Common Meadows,

dertake and offer to discharge all the several Incum- Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable brances upon the said Road, by taking an Assignment Places, which, in their present Situation, are incapable thereof, and accepting a less Interest than is now of any considerable Improvement, but if the same paid to the present Mortgagees: And therefore pray- were divided into specific Shares or Allotments, ac-ing, That a Clause may be inserted in the present Bill cording to each Owner’s Right therein, and inclosed, now depending, that the Trustees therein named may and if Part thereof were exchanged for Estates within be required to remove the said Gate, called North- the said Parish of Adwell, it would be greatly advan-

gate Gate, One Mile and an Half from Darlington Cross to the North, and that the said Trustees may also be required to erect a Side Gate upon the said Road, at a certain Place called IVhessoe Lane End, with Power to receive such Tolls and Duties at the same Gates as in the said Act may be set forth.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill

tageous to the Petitioners, and all others interested in the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in Lexcknor, and in the said Estates in Ad-well: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And Two Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the that Mr. John Pitt and the Marquis of Bland ford do Eighteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of prepare, and bring in, the same, his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing

the High Road leading from in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road, is committed.

Cramond Mr. John Hope reported from the Committee, to

Bridge and whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are Roadl^etUion hereunto subscribed, appointed by an Act passed in reported. the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and " Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Clergy, and Petition* for other Inhabitants of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed: And also, Trade.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the City of Landajf: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Painswick, in the County of Gloucester: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and

« Neighbourhood

Additional Petition to Warminster Roads.

Buckingham and Hanwell Bnad Petition reported.

32 Geo. III. 28° Februarii. 449

Neighbourhood of Needham Market, in the County of Suffolk: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Deputy Recorder, Aldermen, Free Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Dunheved, otherwise Launceston, in the County of Cornwall;

Were. severally presented to the House, and j 1; read; praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present' Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirteenth of King George the First, and of the Sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads near the said Town, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, as relates to the Road within the Town of Lleytcsbury, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and of several Persons living near to, or travelling the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, the Road leading from the House late of Mr. Robert Bleek, in the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, through Whitborn, and over Corsley Heath, is, amongst other Roads therein described, directed to be repaired by the said Act; and that it will be of great Public Utility if Part of the said Road, to wit, from the House of the said late Robert Bleek in the said Town of Warminster, to the Frome Turnpike Gate at Bug ley, in the Parish of Warminster aforesaid, is put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners, and to which the Trustees for the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act are willing and desirous to consent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirteenth of King George the First, and of the Sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Westminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads near the said Town, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned in the said County, as relates to the Road within the Town of lleytcsbury, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and of several Persons living near to, or travelling, the said Roads, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter, of this Petition; and report the same, as* it shall appear to them, to the House. . 1 ‘

The Marquis of Titehfield reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to repairing the Road VO L. 4?.

from the Town of Buckingham to the North Extent of the Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford’ leading towards Warmington Gate, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the^House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the North Extent of the Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford: And that the Marquis ot Tjxhjicld and Mr. James Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the same,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Foss Navi thereto subscribed, being the Owners and Propric- ilon> tors of Land adjoining to the River Foss., in the City tlllon* of York, or North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present Course of the River Foss, leading from the City of York to the Township of Sheriff' llutton, in the North Riding of the County of York, is very crooked, and in many Places so filled up and choked with Weeds and Mud, that a free Passage for the Water cannot be had, and, by reason of the frequent Overflowing thereof, many Acres of very valuable Land adjoining to the Bed of the said River are greatly injured, and considerable Damage thereby occasioned to the Petitioners, and other Proprietors and Occupiers of such adjacent Land, who would derive great Benefit from a complete and effectual Drainage of their said Land; and that the Petitioners, considering the State of the Levels already taken in the Country along the Line of the said River, have good Reason to think, that not only an effectual Drainage of the Low Grounds adjoining to the Bed of the River may be obtained, but also, that the said River may, at a moderate Expence, be made Navigable from York to Sheriff Hutton Bridge, comprising a Distance of Twelve Miles and an Half, or thereabouts, which will be a real Improvement, and produce many solid Advantages to the City of York, and the neighbouring Towns and Villages, through or near which such intended Navigation would pass, by rendering more easy the Conveyance of Merchandise, Coals, Lime,

Corn, Manure, Timber, Bricks, Tiles, and Gravel; and that many of the common Highways and Roads near the Course of the said River are unavoidably bad and founderous in the Winter, for Want of proper Materials, within a reasonable Distance, to repair the same, which Inconvenience will in a great Measure be remedied by the proposed Navigation, as Gravel and other necessary Materials for the Repair oi such Roads may, by Means thereof, be procured at a much easier Expence to the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Pa-. rishes; and that an adequate Sum of Money has been already subscribed for the Purpose of making the said proposed Navigation and Drainage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making navigable the River Foss, from its Junction with the River Ouzc, at or near the City of York,

*to Sheriff Hutton Bridge, in the Township of Sheriff ' Hutton, and North Riding of the County of York, and ‘also for effecting a Drainage of the Low Grounds

28° Februariu

Petition to extend the

Fos* Navigation.

Stanton Heath and Shipley Canal Petition*

A. 1792.

which adjoin to the said River, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr Dun-

combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Stephen Croft, Esquire, Stephen Croft the Younger, Esquire, Francis Esquire,

Ralph Dodsxcorlh, Esquire, and others, whose Names

are thereto subscribed, being the Owners and Proprietors of Land adjoining to or near the River between Sheriff Hutton Bridge and the Parish of Sidling Urn, in the North Riding of the County of was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That' the Petitioners, convinced of the public Utility likely to arise from such intended Navigation and Drainage, conceive that an Extension thereof from Sheriff' Hutton Bridge to or near the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Stiltinglon, leading from York towards

Helmshy Blacknwor, in the said North Riding, comprising a further Distance of l our Miles, or thereabouts, will be attended with many beneficial Consequences to the Neighbourhood, and greatly increase the Advantage proposed by the said Navigation and Drainage; and that, since a Subscription for the intended Navigation and Drainage from York to Sheriff' Hutton Bridge was set on Foot, a General Meeting has been held by the Petitioners, and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands through which the said Navigation and Drainage is now proposed to be extended, and also of the Subscribers of such intended Navigation to Sheriff ] lutton Bridge, at which Meeting it was

nnanimoudy agreed, that such Extension would be for the Benefit of the Public, and competent Sums of Money have been since subscribed for the Purpose of making such Extension of the said Navigation and

o i t ( u

Drainage, which the Petitioners arc desirous to promote: And therefore praying, That the House will extend the said proposed Navigation and Drainage from Sheriff' Hutton Bridge to or near the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sldlingleading from York towards Ilelmsley Blackmoor, in the North Rilling of the County of York, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Henry Baronet, and

Edward Miller Mundy, Esquire, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Navigable Canal has been made from the River Trent, in the Lordships of and

Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham,

called The Erewash Canal; and that it appears, by a

Survey lately taken, that a Navigable Communication may be conveniently made from the said Canal upon Stanton Heath, in the County of Derby, to the several Coal Mines in the Lordships of and Ship-

ley, in the said County, and the Petitioners, being Owners of the said Coal Mines, are willing, at their own Expence, to make and maintain the said Navigable Communication; and that the making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the said Erewash Canal to the said Coal Mines will be of

Benefit to the Petitioners, and of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Erewash Canal to the said Coal Mines, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr.

Burdon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and In- Swell Wold habitants of the Town of Winchcomb, in the County of

Gloucester, and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and petition, others, livingnear thesevcral Highways and Roads herein-osier mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Roads leading from a Place, called Snell I Fold, in the Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester, through the several Parishes of Lozier Sri ell, Temple G idling, Nc. union, Lozi er otherwise G ailing; Bower, Rozccll, IFinchand

in the same County, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Borough of Tewkesbury, towards the Town of Slow, in the same County, between or near the Sixth and Seventh Mile Stones from Tcztkesaforesaid, and from the North-East End of the Swan Lane, in the Parish of Cheltenham, in the said County, through the several Parishes of Cheltenham, Bishop's

Clecre, IFinchcomb, Toddington, and all in

the said County of Gloucester, in the Parish of Sedge-borough, in the County of Forcester, to the Turnpike Road in the said Parish of Sedgeborough, leading to Evesham, in the said County of Worcester, and also from the Town of Winchcomb aforesaid, by a Place culled Stamp Cross, through the Parishes of Winch-comb aforesaid, Hailes and Didbrook, in the said County of Gloucester, to or near the Ten Mile Stone on the said Turnpike Road leading from 'Tewkesbury to Stow aforesaid, are very deep and ruinous, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, and repaired, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and repairing the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the flouse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Berkeley, Mr.

See:. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Yoxford and Repair, the several Roads, or Branches of Road, lead- Aldeburgh ing from the Parishes of Yoxford, and R°ads

Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of comrai Aldeburgh, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Sir Charles Bunbury, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank ofSeot-Bank of Scotland, was presented to the House, and land Petition.

k read;

32 Geo. III. 28a Febn 451

read; Setting forth, That, by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1695, intituled, "An " Act for erecting a Bank in a joint Stock,

amounting to the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots Money, that is, One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, was allowed to be raised by the Company thereby established, for carrying on and managing a Public Bank, and certain Persons therein mentioned were authorized to appoint a Book for receiving the Subscriptions of such Persons as were willing to become Adventurers in the said Joint Stock; and by the said Act it was declared, that all and every the Persons, subscribing and paying to the said Joint Stock in Manner therein directed, should he One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Governor ami Company of the Bank of Scotland, under which Name they

should have perpetual Succession, and should have a Common Seal, and certain Rules were thereby prescribed for the better ordering and managing the Affairs of the said Bank; and under the said Act, and Rules and Orders therein mentioned, the said Bank was soon after established, and has ever since continued; and that, by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland " to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company," it was enacted, that, within One Month after the passing of the said Act, or as soon alter as might he, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank should appoint a Book to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland, for receivin'! Subscriptions for an additional Capital or Joint Stock of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, and no more, in which Book every Person or Persons, possessed of a Share or Shares of the Original Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland, should be entitled to subscribe for as much of the said new or additional Stock, as he, she, or they, should be possessed of the old or original Stock at the Time of his or their subscribing, and no more, or for a lesser Number of Shares, if such Person or Persons should so think proper; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable 41 the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland u farther to increase the Capital Stock of the said u Company," it was enacted, that, within One Month after the passing of the said Act, or as soon thereafter as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank should appoint a Book to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland, for receiving Subscriptions for an additional Capital or Joint Stock, to the Extent of Tw elve hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Money, and no more, in which Book every Person or Persons, possessed of Two or more Shares of the Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland at the Time, should be entitled to subscribe for a proportional Share of the said new or additional Stock, corresponding to the Share so possessed by such Person or Persons at die Time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more, or for a lesser Number of Shares, if such Person or Persons should so think proper; and that the said Bank of Scotland being of great National Advantage, a further Increase of its Capital Stock would still tend greatly to the Advancement of Commerce, Agriculture, and Manufactures, and be otherwise highly beneficial to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave

may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland farther to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, under such Restrictions, Rules, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Vo l. 47.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof ;and report the , as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Dundas, Sir James St. Clair Erskine, See.: And they ure to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and jjar. Council of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and Iwur Petition, on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making a new Bason, Quays, W harfs, or Docks, for building Warehouses, for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to anil from the said Harbour, Power was given to the Petitioners to levy and collect the several Rates and Duties therein mentioned on all Ships or \ essels brought into or using the new Bason or Dock to be made at the Port of Leith, His Majesty’s Ships of War an#

Yachts only excepted; and Power was also given to borrow u . uni not exceeding 30,000l. Sterling; and that the Petitioners have, at a considerable Expence, opened a new Street to the Harbour, repaired the Quays, and erected a Draw-bridge across the Harbour, between South and North Leith, instead of an old Bridge now taken away, in order that Ships and Vessels may have Access to the New Bason or Wet Dock, intended to be made; and that, to complete the said Bason or Wet Dock, and to effectuate the other Purposes of the said Act, it will he necessary to authorize the Petitioners to borrow a further Sum of Money, and to enable them to do so, it will be necessary to authorize them to levy certain Rates and Duties on all Ships or Vessels, exceeding Thirty Tons, brought into the present Harbour of Leith, the several Rates and Duties payable by virtue of the aforesaid Act being confined to Ships and Vessels brought into, or using, the said new intended Bason or Wet Dock:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor eflectuating those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Dundas, Sir Janies St. Clair Erskine, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the (.lock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Proprietors, Owners, and Occupiers of Land, and others, in the County of Sussex, adjoining to or near the Rivers A run and Hot her, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the extending and improving the Navigation of the Rivers Arun and Rather, in the said County of Sussex, and making a Canal by a Collateral Cut from A rfold Lock, in the Parish of / Its borough Creen, in the said County, in and through the Parish of Kird/ordj in the same County, and aho making another Collateral Cut from the End of 1 Iardhani Tumidly in the Parish of llardhaui, in the said County of Sussex, to join the Navigation of the Earl of Egrcment, at a Place called llail Pitce, in the Parish of Stopham, in the County of Sussex, would tend to improve the Lands and Estates adjoining to or near the said Navigation, and would be of great Public Utility; and that the Company of Proprietors of the River Arun

Navigation

Arun and Kother

Navigation

Petition.

Derby Paving, Bill, &c. committed.

Petitions against read agaiu, referred, and Counsel ordered.

28° Februarii. A. 1792.

Navigation have, by virtue of an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, expended in improving and extending the Navigation of the said River from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to a certain Bridge called Newbridge, in the Parishes of and JVisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex, the Sum of 16,000l., and upwards,' and are willing and desirous, at their own Expence, to improve and extend the said Navigation, by making such Navigable Guts as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in One or more Bill or Bills, to enable the said Company of Proprietors of the River Navigation to extend and improve the Navigation of the said Rivers Arun and llother, and to make a Canal by a Collateral Cut from Arfold Lock, in the Parish of JVisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex, in and through the Parish of Kirdford, in the same County, and also to make another Collateral Cut from the End of Hardham Tunnell, in the Parish of,

in the said County of Sussex, to join the Navigation of the Ri<'-ht honourable Earl of Egremont at a Place called Rail Piece, in the said Parish of Stopham, in the said County of Sussex.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hurry Goring, Mr.

Sec.: And they are to meet 'l'o-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Derby, and for selling a certain Piece of Waste Ground, situate within the said Borough, called Green, towards defraying the Expence of the said Improvements, be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Monday the " 26th Day of March next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Lord George Augustus

Henry Cavendish, j> 42.

Major Jt J

r,. , c .1 -nt f Mr. Daniel Parker Coke,\

1 ellers for the Noes, jM|. . j 23.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House wras moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders, Owners or Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, or Burgesses, within the Borough of Derby; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Houses, in the Borough of Derby, and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others,

Owners or Occupiers of Houses in the Vicinity of a certain Common called Nun's Green, in the Borough of Derby, which were severally presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Seaford ret ailed to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend Commute* the said Committee delivered in to the House One of appointed the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir James St. Clair Erskine, Baronet, and Sir Elijah impey, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Sir (Vi Ilium Lemon, Baronet, J Viliam Drake, Junior,

Esquire, the Lord Valletort, the Honourable JVi/liam Eliot, John Langston, Esquire, David Howell, Esquire,

John Pitt, Esquire, Sir Frederick Leman Rogers,

Baronet, Sir RogerMostyn, Baronet, John Baring,

Esquire, Robert John Buxton, Esquire,

Esquire, the Lord Viscount Buyham, Sir James St.

Clair Erskine, Baronet, Sir Elijah impey.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir Godfrey JVebster, Baronet, and Tarlcton,

Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Westerham thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act ^oat^ *e* passed in the Tenth Year of the lleign of His present 11 lon‘ Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from " the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill,

" in the Parish of Westerham, in the County of Kent,

" through the Village of Limpsfield, to the Village " of Tits ey, over Botley Hill, Heath, and

" JVallingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading " from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That some Progress hath been made in executing the said Act, and a considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine

32 Geo. III.

28° Februarii.

453

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord William Russell, Mr. William Clement Finch&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hexham and A Petition of Sir Thomas Blackett, Baronet, and Enclosure severa^ Persons, whose Names are thereunto

l’etnion. subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Grounds, having a Right of Common upon, or otherwise interested in, the Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land and Town Fields, within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, called Hexhamshire and Allendale Common, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, and Town Fields, contain by Estimation 60,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and in their present State are of little Use, but considerable Parts thereof are capable of Cultivation and Improvement by being divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor that Purpose, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grey and Sir William Middleton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition from A Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of

Westminster, an({ Liberty of Westminster, paving Scotland

respecting / 7 1 - o

the Right of Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being

Election. Electors of Members to represent the said City and

Liberty in Parliament, on behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That some Time on or about the 3d Day of April 1789, a Select Committee of this House was appointed to try and determine the Merits of a certain Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, and also, a Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of ‘ the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, severally complaining of an undue Election for the said City and Liberty, which said Select Committee did, on the 6th Day of July then next following, report to this House, That it appeared to them, the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions did, in Part, depend upon the Right of Election, the Parties were therefore required to deliver in Statements, in Wanting, of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended: That, in Consequence thereof, the Petitioner, Lord Hoody delivered in a Statement as follows — " The Petitioner, Lord Hoody states the Right of " Election for the City and Liberty of JFestminster to iC be in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scot lc and Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint Mar-ic garct and Saint John, and the several Parishes of <c Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann% Saint Jamesy cc Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint c< Martin le Grand in the County of Middlesex, and <£ in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the " Fieldsy Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary lc " Strandy as are not within any of the Pour Wards of cc the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, called Die " Temple Bar Ward, The Hoy a I Ward, The Middle " Ward, and Precincts of the Savoy; " that the Electors Petitioners delivered in a Statement as follows — iC The Electors Petitioners state, that the Right of " Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is C€ in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scotland " Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint Margaret €‘ and Saint John, in the several Parishes of Saint Paul tc Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, Saint George Vox.. 47-

" Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin lc " Grand in the County of Middlesex, and in so much " of the Parishes of Saint Martin the Fields, Saint " Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as are not " within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the u Dutchy oj Lancaster, called Bar Hard,

" The Royal Ward, The Middle Ward, and Precincts of " the Savoy;" that the Sitting Member, Lord John Tmnshend, delivered in a Statement as follows —

" The Right of Election is in the Inhabitants, Householders of the Parishes of Margaret and " John, Saint George Hanover Square, Saint James " Westminster, Saint Martin the Fields, Saint " Danes, Saint Mary lc Strand, Saint Mary le Savoy,

" Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Anne Soho, and the " District of Saint Martin le Grand;" — That, upon the Statements delivered in by the Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined, " That the Right " of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster "is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scot " and Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint garet and Saint John, and the several Parishes of " Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James,

" Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint

" Aiartin le Grand in the County of Middlesex, and in " so much of the Parishes of Aiartin in the

" Fields, Saint Clemait Danes, and Mary le

" Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards of " the Liberty of the Dutchy of L — That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Sitting Member, the Committee have determined, " That the Right of " Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not " the Right of Election for the said (’ity and Liberty " of Westminsterand that certain Persons, pretend-

ing to be Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and Liberty of having,

on the 6th Day of February Instant, presented their Petition to the House, praying, that they may be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and, the Petitioners insisting that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is the ancient and true Right of Election for the said City and Liberty of Westminster: Theretore praying. That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon fWednesday, the 18th Day of April next, at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. AJemortmdiim:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London and also sent

to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster, according to the Directions of

an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

5 Z " An

Denbigh t Mold Kog Petition.

Coombe 1 i ill and Cheltenham Canal Petition.

Broadwell

Inclosure

Petition.

" An Act for more effectually amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of " Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Nortkop " and Holywell, and from Afon JVeii to the Town of

" Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made to the said Act; and that a certain Road branching out of the above-mentioned Turnpike Road, near a Public House opposite ney Parte, known by the Sign of the Blue Hand, and extending from thence to the Entrance into a certain Common, called Denbigh Green, and from the aforesaid Entrance into such Common across Part of the same, to join the Turnpike Road at the North End of the said Common, leading from the Town of Denbigh aforesaid to the Town of Asaph, in the said

County of Flint, is in a ruinous Condition, aiyl in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the above-mentioned Act, and for including therein the said Road leading from the Blue Hand aforesaid, to the North End of the said Common, called Denbigh Green, hereinbefore particularly mentioned and described, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. llenry Hobart, Ac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and the Places and Parishes in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Foot of a Hill, called Coomb Hill, in the Parish of Leigh, in the said County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near the North Side of a Place, called Fishers, otherwise F/it-chers Leap, in the Parish of in the same

County, would supply the Tow n of Cheltenham aforesaid, and the Neighbourhood thereof, with Coal and Merchandize at a much cheaper Rate than the Inhabitants thereof can now purchase the same, and would be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal as aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Mid that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Master, Captain Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of James Henry Leigh, Esquire, Patron of the Rectory of the Parish and Parish Church of Broaduell, in the County of Gloucester, the Reverend

Thomas Leigh, Rector of the same Parish, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands or Grounds, in the Parish of Broadwell aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Condition are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be an Advantage to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and that specific Parts and Shares thereof may be assigned and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners and others, the Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion^ to, their respective Lands, Tythes, Dues, Rights of Common, and other Interests therein, respectively, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Richard Master and Mr. Master do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Edmund Waller, Esquire, Lord of the Turkdean Manors of Upper and Lower Turkdean, in the Parish b'rlosuie of Turkdean, in the County of Gloucester, also Lessee of ~Ltltion‘ the Great Tythes, and principal Proprietor of Lands within the same Manors and Parish, the Reverend Thomas Bowen, Vicar of the same Parish, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands or Grounds in the said Manors and Parish of Turkdean aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Condition are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be an Advantage to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, and that specific Parts and Shares thereof may be assigned and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners and others interested therein, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their respective Lauds, Tythes, ' Dues, Rights of Common, and other Interests therein, respectively, by such Ways, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Richard Alaster and Mr. Master do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny B Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for r«p°rtedi punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

32 Geo. III. 28 ? Februar455

Report; Sup-

piy*

For Convicts at Langstone and Portsmouth.

For D° on the Thames.

For sending Provisions, &c. to New South Wales.

For regulating the shipping of Slaves.

Expences of Mr. Hastings’s Prosecution.

Mr. Cotton, to pay Bills of Exchange, &c.

Compensation to Owners of Slave Ships.

African

forts.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand pour hundred and One Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to the Representatives of Henry Bradley, and Janus , Esquires,

for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand and Twenty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand One hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued for defraying the Expence of sending Provisions and sundry Articles to the Settlement in New South Walts, and of the Amount of Bills drawn by Governor Philip and Lieutenant Ball, and of other Expences incurred on Account of the Convicts transported to that Settlement, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners, appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, for a limited " Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the " shipping and carrying Slaves, in Vessels,

" from the Coast of Africa and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which has not

been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hundred Twenty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four thousand One hundred and Forty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make Compensation to the Owners of Ships engaged in the African Trade, for the Losses sustained in Consequence of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to regulate the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand

Vox.. 47.

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, ami supporting the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Fight hun- nanr Kxjwn-dred and Nineteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and JJ*"*t,ie Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Mint in the Year 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Prosecution That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and Seven 01 Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences attending the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Presents to That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Three hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and N Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good of America, the like Sum which has been issued to several Persons at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Purchase of sundry Articles of Merchandize, as Presents to the Inluibilants of the North-West Coast of America, and other Purposes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extraonli-That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Forty ,ar,<;s °Lt,u thousand Three hundred and Six Pounds and Eight Arm'-Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the 2.3th Day of December 1790 to the 24th Day of December 1791, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report, Ways from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it amiAham. was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as follow eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Bills, jesty, the Sum of Three Millions Live hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Rills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Rills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1793, to be exchanged, and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of Two Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Rills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the r,th l>av of April. 1793, to be exchanged, and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills leave usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Rcsolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Kxphitw That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign L-w. of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable €t upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and " Grease," which was to he in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts of the Tenth,

Thirteenth,

456 28° — 29°

Thirteenth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty-second, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the 25th Day of March 1791, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

’Expiring Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, aw. That so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Tree Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the ist Day of June 1769, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several Acts, made in the Fourteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the 1st Day of June 1791, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Morninthe Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Third, Fourth, and Fifth of the Resolutions, which, upon Friday last, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Third and Fourth of the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Stone Poor A Bill for providing a Workhouse for the Reception UiH commit- of t|ie poor of the parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Jervis, Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cherrill and A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Calue Hoad eniarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth ted. COinnHt Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill to the T Mile Burrough at the Top of Cherrill Hill, in the County of Wilts’, and for more effectually amending the Turnpike Road from Chittoe Heath to the Tow n of Caine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Jervis, Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

Bill for re- An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties on Female

Duties on Servants, was read the Third Time.

Female Ser- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

vwits passed.

Februarii. ^.1792.

be, An Act for repealing the Duties on Female Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal the Duties on certain Bill to repeal Inhabited Houses, containing less than Seven Win- Duties oncer-dows or Lights, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year ^.ngtc|°uses of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal the Duties on certain Inhabited Houses, containing less than Seven Windows or Lights, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Daties on Wag- Bill for re-gons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by pealing Du-an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read the Third Time. passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties on Waggons,

Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report on the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the1* of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Greenland, Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act &c. Fisheries " for the further Support and Encouragement of the deferred.

" Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and " Davis's Streights," be received upon Friday Morning

next.

And then tl\e House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,29° die Februarii;

Anno 320 Georgii III1" Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending Trial of Mr.

this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, Hastings, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire,

were

32 Geo. III.

29° Februarii.

457

were called over; and they went to the Places in A Bill Westminster Hall appointed for them. in the

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of jesty Kin* the whole House, in order to be present at the said " the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the oi seamen,

Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method comin'tted-

The Lords

will proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

Time for receiving Petitions enlarged,

Bill for repealing Part of Duty on Candles, presented.

Bill for repealing additional Duties on Malt, presented.

Malt Bill passed.

Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Private Bills be enlarged until Tuesday next.

The Earl of Morningtonpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing a certain Part of the Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles): And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Earl of Mornington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Ueign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties " upon MaltAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for preventing Frauds in Payment of Seamens Wages, &c. committed.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of " Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due " for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on " Board any of His Majesty’s Ships;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty's Ships, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vox.. 47.

" for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of " their Wages; and for enabling them more easily " and readily to remit the same for the Support of " their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds " and Abuses attending such Payments;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-cominissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue the Laws, now in Force, for Arnci-ican regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Emitted. Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of Annrica, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Motion on posed, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take between Uus-into Consideration the several Papers which have been siaandThe presented to this House, by His Majesty's Command* Pwte, with-relating to the Negociations that were holden on the dravvn*

Subject of the War between Russia and The Ottoman Porte;

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Debate reposed, That no Arrangement respecting Oczahou\ and sPCCUn" its District, appears to have been capable of affect- between raising the Political or Commercial Interests of this and The Country, so as to justify any hostile Interference, on Porte, ad-the Part of Great Britain, between Russia and The j°unui(L Porte;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Cirencester upon the 1st Day of this Instant February, for taking KlectionPe-into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of Robert *l^on Preston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

6 A The

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

V

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

Petitions for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Four of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jon is, 1* die Martii Anno 32* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

f\RD FRED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to minster Hull, and summon the Members there to attend

their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear tue Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Wa Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in JFcst-viimter Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Coggeshall, in the County of Essex, and of those who reside in its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of William, in the County of Essex, and the Places adjacent: And also,

A Petition from the Town of Penrith, and its Environs: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of East Dereham, in the County of Norfolk: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other

Inhabitants of the Town, Borough, and Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Coventry, in Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants of the City and County of Coventry: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby r. And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Yeomen, Manufacturers, and others, in the Town and Vicinity of Alton, in the County of Southampton: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and others, principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Congleton, in the County Palatine of Chester: And also,

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the Burgh of Forfar And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and the principal Inhabitants of the City of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according Gourgas’* to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Mark a',uJ Soret’*

and James Soret: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and The Lords

Mr. Spranger: 'viU Profd,

xr , on 17th April

Mr. Speaker, on Mr. hL-

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this tings’s Trial. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday the 17th Day of April next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Westminster Hall.

And then the fylessengers withdrew.

Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according Doxafsand to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Alphonso Doxat, Brandt’* and Charles Frederick Brandt: And the same was Pre'

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according Walker’s to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Richard Walker: And Nat. Billpre the same was received; and read the First Time. sented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Edward Earl Bolton Pav-of Derby, and the humble Petition of Sir Henry Bt'idg- in?»&c- Pe' man, Baronet, John Blackburne, James Lever, and tUl0lu Samuel Crook, Esquires, John Ridgway, Ann Crompton,

Thomas Ainsworth, Thomas Naylor, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, within the Parish of Bolton, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Great Bolton is a large, populous, and trading Town, and constantly inoreasing in Extent, and Little Bolton, which is contiguous to Great Bolton aforesaid, is a populous and trading Town; and that the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in Great and Little Bolton aforesaid, are not properly cleansed and lighted, are subject to various Encroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and k Annoyances,

1° Martii.

32 Geo. III.

459

Annoyances, and are in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and the cleansing, watering, and lighting, of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in a proper Manner, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and rendering the same, in all Parts, sufficiently wide and commodious for Passengers and Carriages, would be of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons residing in, or resorting to, the said Towns; and that the said Towns of Great and Bolton are very insufficiently supplied with Water, and it would tend greatly to the Health, Safety, and Convenience, of the Inliabitants thereof, if Powers were given for forming proper Reservoirs, and other necessary Works, for supplying the said Towns with good and wholesome Water, as well for domestic Uses as for the extinguishing of Fires that may happen therein, and if Powers were also given for providing Engines, and a sufficient Number of Men, to be used and employed in the extinguishing of such Fires; and that the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages in Great Bolton aforesaid, are not properly paved, and the said Earl of Derby, Sir I Ferny Bridgman, John Blackbume, James Lever, and Samuel Crook, Esquires, are joint Lords of the Manor of Great Bolton, and entitled to the Soil of the Commons and Waste Grounds, and to the Royalties within the said Manor, and the said Earl of Derby, Sir Henry Bridgman, John Blackburne, James Lever, Samuel Crook, John Ridgxcay Ann Crompton, and several

other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Great Bolton, and the said Thomas Ainsworth, Thomas Naylor, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within Utile Bolton aforesaid; and that the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor of Great Bolton, at present, afford little or no Advantage to the Persons entitled thereto, but are capable of great Improvement, and if the same were inclosed and divided, and if, after allotting certain Parts thereof to the Lords of the said Manor of Great Bolton, the rest was sold on a perpetual Annual Chief Rent, and the Money thereby to be raised, and the Yearly Rent thereof, applied towards the improving and regulating of the said Town of Great Bolton aforesaid, and in Aid of the Poor Rates there, and also in widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and watering the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Town, and for better regulating the Market there, and for providing Fire Engines and Fire Men; and if a Rate or Assessment was made upon the Inhabitants of the said Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton respectively, for carrying into Execution and supporting the same, it would be of great Utility and Benefit, as well to the several Lords of the Manor of Great Bolton aforesaid, as also to the Owners and Occupiers of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said several Manors of Great Bolton and Little Bolton: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

„ And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Thomas

Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

le^FrUh6* A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,

Roads Peti-' principal Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, residing in or

tion. near the Towns of ChapChapel Alii town,

- Vo l.47-

Chinley, Hatfield, Charkworth, 1

Pudfield', and Glossop, in the County of Derby, and of Huddersfield, ami its Vicinity, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, J hat the Town and Neighbourhood of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York is very populous, and inhabited a great Number of Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory, which is carried on there in a very extensive Manner; and that the Woollen Manufactory is also carried on in and about the Tow ns of Glossop and Hay-field, and their respective Neighbourhoods, in a very extensive Manner; and the Cotton Manufactory is also greatly extending into the several Townships of Glossop, JVhi/Jitld, Hadfield, Padjicld, and oilier

Places in their Vicinity; and that a great Part of the Lands lying within the several Townships of field, Handley, Glossop, Whitfield,

Simondley, and Padpdd, are barren, and want much Improvement, and there is, in the Neighbourhood of a great and almost inexhaustible Quantity of Lime, which would much conduce to the Improvement of the said Land; and that the Inliabitants of Huddersfield, Glossop, Hayfield, and their respective Neighbourhoods,

arc principally supplied with Wool irom the Southern Counties, which chiefly comes by Wav of Derby, and also with Corn, Malt, and other Necessaries of Life, from the Eastern Counties, and, for want of a direct Road to the several Places from which the said Commodities come, they are brought to the before-mentioned Townships, and their Vicinity, by several round-about Ways, whereby the Price of the Carriage is much enhanced, and great Delay is also occasioned in Receipt of such Commodities; and that the Petitioners apprehend, in case the Highways from Chapel aforesaid to, or near to, Enterc lo Bridge, both in the County of Derby, and from the V illage of Hayfield to Marplc Bridge, dividing the Counties of Derby and

Chester, and from the Village of to a certain

Gate, called Clagland's Gate, on, or near to, the Side

of the Turnpike Road leading from Moitram to H ood-head, in the County of Chester, were diverted, altered, widened, repaired, and amended, these Inconveniences, which the Manufacturers, Farmers, and others resident in or near to the aforesaid Townships, are now subject to, would he in a great Measure obviated, but that at present great Part oi the said Roads, lying between Chapel and Enterclough Bridge, and from the Village of Hayfield to Marple , and from the Village of Glossop to Clay land Gate aforesaid, is in many Places so narrow and confined, and in Winter and rainy Seasons so ruinous, as to be extremely dangerous for Passengers, and impassable for Waggons and other heavy Carriages, and the said Roads cannot be effectually widened, kept in Repair, and made fit for Carriages, and diverted where lor the Ease and Safety of the Passengers it may be requisite, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the said Roads, from the d own of Chapel aforesaid to, or near to, a Bridge, called Enterclough Bridge, both in the County of Derby, and irom the Village of Ilayfield to Alaiple Bridge, dividing the Counties of Derby and Chester, and from the Village of Glossop to a certain Gate, called Cluylami's Gate, on or near to, the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Mottram to in the County of Chester, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr, &c.:

and they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr.

Hand Cross and Henfield Hoads Bill reported.

Nottingham Canal Petition.

1° Martii. A. 1792.

Mr. Aldridge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand Cross to Corner , and from thence to the Turnpike Road, leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Comer House aforesaid to the

Maypole in the Town of H in the County of Sussex, and also for keeping in Repair a certain Branch of Road leading from the Direction Post near a certain Place called The Crab T, in the Parish of Beeding, otherwise Seal, through the Parishes of Nuthurst and Horsham, to the Town of Horsham, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Mere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord Middleton, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Manufacturers, and others, of the County of Nottingham, and of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Survey lately taken, it appears that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels may be conveniently made from the CromfordCanal, in the County of Not-

tingham, by, through, or near the Town of Nottingham, to join and communicate with the River near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also, that the several Navigable Collateral Cuts herein after mentioned may be conveniently made from, and to communicate with, such new or intended Canal (that is to say) One from the said intended Canal, in the Parish of to a Close of the Earl of Stamford, in the said Parish, One other from the said intended Canal, in the Parish of Cossall, to a Close of Edu ard Esquire,

in the said Parish, One other from the said intended Canal, in the Parish of Lcnton, to join and communicate with the River Trent in Meadow, all in

the County of Nottingham, and One other in the Liberties of the said Town of Nottingham from the said intended Canal, near a Place called The Leen Bridge, thereto, or near to, the West End of a Place called Sneinton Hermitage, in the Parish of in the said County of Nottingham; and that the making and maintaining of such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts, together with such other Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also proper Railways, and other Roads to the said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, will open a Communication with several very valuable Mines of Coal, Lead, Limestone, Ironstone, Marble, and other Minerals, and also with several very extensive Manufactories, and will be, in other Respects, of great Public Utility; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts as aforesaid, with proper Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Edward Bentinck, Mr.

Munday, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates situate near Norfolk and the Sea, and others whose Estates have been and are Suffolk Em-liable to be affected by the Overflowing of the Sea on p^-t^Dt the North-East Parts of the County of Norfolk, and some Parts of the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King James the First, an Act was made for the speedy Recovery of many Thousand Acres of Marsh Ground and other Ground, within the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, lately surrounded by the Rage of the Sea, in divers Parts of the said Counties, and for the Prevention of the Danger of the like surrounding the reafter, and Commissioners were therein appointed for the carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and that of late Years, particularly in the Months of February and December 1791, several considerable Breaches were made by the Sea in the Banks and Clifts on the Coast between Great Yarmouth and Happisburgh, in the said County of

Norfolk, especially in the Towns of Winterton and Horsey in Norjolk, and like Breaches have also been made in some Parts of the County of Suffolk, and a great Number of Acres of Arable as well as Marsh Ground, many Miles round, have been Overflowed, and the Salt Water remaining thereon for several Days, the same are greatly injured, and will continue unprofitable for many Years to come, and such Breaches are continually increasing; and that the Powers granted by the said recited Act are found insufficient to authorize the said Commissioners to make effectual Provision for repairing the said Breaches, and for making proper Banks and other Works for effectually securing and protecting the said Lands, and, unless some more effectual Provision be made for that Purpose, there is great Reason to apprehend that the whole Level of Marshes and other Lands, extending as far as the Towns of Great Yarmouth and Beeeles, and even to or near the City of Norwich, will be Overflowed and rendered useless: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and for making effectual Provision for embanking against the Sea, and protecting the said Marshes and other Lands from being Overflowed by the Sea, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. JMartin,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Ripon Pav-W'hom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough ing Petition and Township of Ripon, in the County of York, whose rePorted* Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

George Hassell, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and

Places,

Tadcaster *nd Hobmoor I ane Hoad Petition reported.

Leeds and Wakefield Rond Petition reported.

32 Geo. III. I. Martii. 461

Places, within the said Borough and Township, are not properly paved, cleansed, and watched, and the several Streets, Lanes, Public Highways, Passages, and Places, within the said Borough and Township, are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are in some Places very incommodious and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers — That it would tend greatly to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Township, and all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets, Lanes, Public Highways, Passages, and Places, were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, watched, and regulated, and kept free from Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, and for removing

and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances within the said Borough, and within the Township of Ripon, in the said County: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by, or acting under, the Authority of Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts w ere read: And

Mr. William Gray being examined, said, That the

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts; and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Pow ers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. JVII do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One of them made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of and the other in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the before mentioned Act, so far as the same relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, was referred; That the Committee

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter Vo l.47.

of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; whereby it appeared, that by the first mentioned Act, the Road from Leeds to Sheffield was divided into Two separate Districts, the First District including such Part of the said Road as lies between Leeds and Wakefield, and the other District, such Part of the said Road as lies between Wakefield and;

and that by the said last mentioned Act the Term and Powers of the said first mentioned Act were continued and enlarged, so far only as the same relates to the Road within the said First District: Then,

Mr. Thomas Bolland being examined, said, That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the Road within the said First District, of which the Sum of 5,0001, or thereabouts, together with an Arrear of Interest, and several other Debts incurred, amounting to 44 61. or thereabouts, are now due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term and Powrers of the said Acts, so far as the same concerns the said First District of Road, be further continued and enlarged. — And the Witness further said, That the Tolls collected upon the said District of Road are considerably insufficient to keep the said Road in proper Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Monies now due; and that it will be necessary to increase the Tolls in order to effect those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the* Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, several Beastgates or Cattlegates, in or upon Two Stinted Pastures or Parcels of uninclosed Ground, called Bishopton-High - Ellers and Bishopton-Low-Ellers, within the Township of , otherwise Bishopton-Sutton cum Clotherholme, in the Parish,

Manor, and Liberty of Ripon, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Stinted Pastures or Parcels of uninclosed Ground contain together about Sixty-four Acres, One Rood, and Seventeen Perches, and have hitherto been stocked and depastured in Gates* with Beasts or Cattle, so as to consist of the Number of Sixty-one Beastgates or Cattlegates, and One Quarter of a Beastgate or Catdegate in the Whole, and the same are not, in their present State, capable of any Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, which would tend greatly to the Benefit of all Persons interested, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the said Two Stinted Pastures or Parcels of uninclosed Ground, called Bishopton-High-El/ers and Bishopton-Lmo-E within the

Township of Bishopton otherwise Bishopton-Sutton cum Clotherholme aforesaid, in such Manner and Form, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr.

6 B &c.:

Bisliopton inclosure and Drainage Petilion.

Barmby upon Dunn Inclosure Petition.

Kirkby Kendal Canal Petition.

Manchester and Ashton under Lyne Canal Petition.

1° Martii.

A. 1792.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Freeholders and others of the Township of Barmby upon , in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Township several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the Owners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests, it would be an Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilb do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Nobility, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Survey lately taken, it appears that , a Navigable Canal may be made from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, by the Way of Burton, Lancaster, Garstang, Preston, and Chorley, and that a Branch may be made from a Place at or near Boncick to Cragg, and

another Branch may be made from by Chorley to Durbury, and the making and maintaining such

Canal w ill be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to all other Persons having Lands and Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof; and that, at the Southern Extremity of the said intended Canal, there are immense Mines of Coal, at the Northern End of the same Line there are inexhaustible Mountains of Limestone, and all the intermediate Country is in great Want of both those Articles, so necessary for the Cultivation of the Lands and the Improvement of Manufactures; and that, by connecting the Port of Lancaster with so large a Tract of Inland Country, very considerable Advantages must be derived, and will in other Respects be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. burne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Residents, in the Towns of Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, in the County of Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of . Manchester to or near the Towns of Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, all in the County of Lancaster, will afford an useful,

short, and easy Communication between the Towns of Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, and the adjacent Country, open an Introduction to many valuable and extensive Mines of Coal and other Minerals, and will, in other Respects, be of great Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Manchester to or near the Towns of Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, all in the County of Lancaster, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Black-burne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Nilh River. Proprietors of Fishings in the River in the PeU‘

County of Dumfries and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That although Two separate Acts of Parliament have been obtained respecting the proper Regulation of the Fishings in the River Nith, yet the Laws therein prescribed have hitherto proved inadequate for checking the Abuses they were intended to correct, and the Salmon Gilses, Salmon or Sea Trouts, and Hirlings, and the Spawn or Fry thereof, are frequently taken and destroyed at improper Seasons in the said River, and the Rivers or Streams which run into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, to the great Detriment of the Owners and Occupiers of the Fisheries, and Disadvantage of the Public, and it is therefore proposed to remedy these Evils by adopting a new System of Regulations, which, if passed into a Law, the Petitioners hope, will prove more effectual in preserving the Fisheries in the said River: And therefore praying, That I.eave may be given to bring in a Bill for move effectually regulating and improving the Fishings in the said River.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Miller, the Lord Garlies,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Principal Inhabitants Stoke Chapel of the Chapelry of Lane End, in the Parish of Stoke Petition* upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, about the Year 1761, John Bourne, of Newcastle under Lyne, in the said County of Stafford, Esquire, erected and endowed, chiefly at his own Expence, a small Chapel at Lane End aforesaid, which, together with a Burial Ground thereto adjoining, was duly consecrated, and made Use of by the Inhabitants of the said Chapelry, and the Reverend Isaac Moreton, now deceased, was, by the said Mr. Bourne, with the Consent of the Rector of the said Parish, who was also Patron of the Church there, and the Consent and Approbation of the Diocesan, presented to the said Chapel, and he and his Successors have ever since officiated as Curates thereof; and that the said Chapel being now gone greatly to Decay, and being too small and wholly insufficient to contain the Number of Persons who of late Years have resorted thereto, owing to the great Increase of Inhabitants within the said Chapelry and its Neighbourhood, which is situated in the Staffordshire Potteries, the Petitioners and others are desirous *c> that

Stone and Eccleshall Road Petition.

Additional Petition to Colton Inclosure.

32 Geo. III. 1° Marti. 463

that a new Chapel, on a larger Plan, should be erected in a more commodious Situation within the said Chapelry, and a more extensive Burial Ground provided for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Chapelry: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and for such other Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Orders, and Restrictions, as the -House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Gilbert,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Paper*, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Sandon on Heath,

and from Meir to Trenlham, and from thence to Stablejord, in the County of Stafford, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the Powers granted by the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising from the said Roads, which still remain unpaid, and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and, unless the same is further continued, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair; and representing to the House, that the Road from a Place called in Stone

aforesaid, to Eccleshall, in the said County, is in many Places ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act for such further Term as the House shall think proper, and that Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road from Walton to Eccleshall, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Eduard Littleton, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates in the Parish of Colton, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill for inclosing and leasing or letting certain Commons and Waste Grounds lying within the Parish of Colton, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate in the said Parish; and that, if Provision was made in the said Bill for making Exchanges of any Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and also of any other Property in the said Parish, for any other Lands or Grounds in the same, or any adjacent Parish, it would tend to the better Occupation and Cultivation of the Land inclosed and leased as aforesaid, and would also be a great Convenience and Advan-Vol. 47.

tage to the Petitioners, and all others, Owners of Estates in the said Parish: And therefore praying,

That Provision may be made in the said Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Freeholders of the Parish of Colton, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition now presented.

Mr. Mundy presented to the House, according to Stanley in-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and closure Bill Waste Grounds within the Manor or Liberty of Presented-

in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of James Cole, Isaac Kellett, Hannah Kel- St. Botolph left, Robert Underwood, Elizabeth William pn""^nU

Charles Ranspach, Elizabeth RanspJoseph Custers, e Ulon' Charles Bowker, Ann Cooper, William Waterhouse, Mar-grat Waterhouse, Rebecca Custers, Henry Duff eld,

Susanna Duffcld, Thomms Trump, John Alexander, Isabella Alexander, Thomas Burgess, Elizabeth Burgess, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Persons, who have advanced Monies on Annuities for their Lives, granted by virtue of a Faculty obtained from the Ecclesiastical Court of the Lord Bishop of London, and of several Orders of Vestry of the Parish of Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City of London, made for repairing the Parish Church and building a new Workhouse for the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of the said Parish of Sain Botolph, being very ancient, and in an extreme decayed State, it was thought necessary by several General Vestries of the said Parish that the same should undergo a general Repair, and the Workhouse of the said Parish being too small, and in a very decayed State, it was also thought proper by the said General Vestries that a new Workhouse should be built for the Poor of the said Parish; and that, by virtue of a Faculty obtained from the Ecclesiastical Court of the Bishop of London, for repairing the said Parish Church, and of several Orders of Vestry of the said Parish, several considerable Sums of Money were borrowed of, and advanced by, the said Petitioners and others upon Annuities for their Lives, chargeable upon, and issuing out of, the Rates and Assessments of the said Parish, and for securing the Payment of which Annuities, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, for the then Time being, did, at different Times, by divers Orders of the Vestries of the said Parish, enter into and give their Bonds or Obligations; and that the Sums of Money so advanced as aforesaid by the Petitioners and the said several other Persons, Annuitants of the said Parish, have been expended in the Repairs of the said Parish Church, and in building a new Workhouse for the Poor of the said Parish; and that the said Annuities have heretofore been duly paid to the Annuitants out of the Parish Rates or Assessments, but of late some Doubts have arisen, whether the Money necessary to discharge the said Annuities, can be raised by the Laws now in being, or whether the said Bonds, so entered into by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, are good and valid in Law, so as to bind their Successors, and, in consequence thereof, the present Churchwardens of the said Parish have discontinued and refused to collect the Rates for the Payment of the Annuities, whereby, and by reason of 6ucbs

Refusal,

Refusal, many of the said Annuitants, who are poor, aged, and infirm, and having advanced their whole Property in the Purchase of the said Annuities, will become, destitute of Support, if the same are not paid; and that many of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, who are considerable Payers to all the Rates and Assessments of the Parish, are willing, desirous, and consenting, that such Rates and Assessments may be made as shall be necessary for Payment of the said Annuities and the Arrears thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for securing the punctual Payment of the Petitioners respective Annuities, or to compel the Inhabitants of the said Parish to raise Monies, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper, for repaying to the Petitioners the several Sums so advanced by them for the Repairs of the said Parish Church, and building the said Workhouse, or to afford them such further or other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr.

Mainwaring,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition in A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of RnolTh'An" Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City of London, nuitant* " on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the Petition. said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Parish Church of the said Parish being very ancient, and in an extreme decayed State, it was thought necessary, by several General Vestries of the said Parish, that the same should undergo a general Repair, and the W’orkhouse of the said Parish being too small, and in a very decayed State, it was thought proper that a new Workhouse should be built for the Poor of the said Parish; and that, by virtue of a Faculty obtained from the Ecclesiastical Court of the Bishop of London, for repairing the said Parish Church, and of several Orders of Vestry of the said Parish, several considerable Sums of Money were borrowed from divers Persons upon Annuities for their Lives, which have been expended in the Repairs of the said Parish Church, and in building a Workhouse for the Parish; and that the said Annuities have heretofore been duly paid to the Annuitants out of the Parish Rates or Assessments, but of late some Doubts have arisen, whether the Money necessary to discharge the said Annuities can be raised by the Laws now in being, and in consequence thereof, the present Churchwardens of the said Parish have discontinued to collect the said Rates, whereby many of the said Annuitants, who are poor, aged, and infirm, and, having advanced their whole Property in the Purchase of the said Annuities, will become destitute of Support if the same are not paid; and that the Petitioners, whp are considerable Payers to all the Rates and Assessments of the said Parish, are willing, desirous, and consenting, that such Rates and Assessments may be made as shall be necessary for granting Relief to the said Annuitants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting such Relief to the said Annuitants, in such Manner as the House shall think right.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same* as it shall appear to them, to the House.

General Rooke reported from the Committee, to whom Trevetbin the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- and Newport holders, in the Counties of Monmouth and , 9anal Peti*

and of several other Persons interested in the Iron tlonrePort* Works established there, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Dadford, Junior, an Engineer, being, examined, said, That he has surveyed the Lands described in the Plan annexed to the Petition; and is of Opinion, That it is practicable to make and maintain a Navigable Canal, from or near a certain Place called Pontnewynydd, in the Parish of Trevethin, in the County of Monmouth, to communicate with the River Uske, at or near the Town of Newport, with a Branch or Collateral Cut from the same, at or near Cryndau Farm, to or near Crumlin Bridge', which, with the Assistance of Railways, will open a Communication with divers Iron Works, Limestone Quarries, Woods of Timber Trees, and Collieries, in the Neighbourhood of Pontnewynydd and Crumlin Bridge aforesaid, and with large and extensive Tracts of Land, in which are very valuable Veins and Seams of Iron and Coal, and will be of great Public Utility.

Mr. James Cockshutt being also examined, confirmed the above Evidence respecting the Public Benefit that will result from the making of the said Canal and Collateral Cut.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near, Pontnewynydd, into the River Uske, at or near the Town of and a

Navigable Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Navigable Cuts or Canals to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock:

And that General Rooke and the Marquis of Worcester do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Land Owners, and Peel)|es others, in the County of Peebles, was presented to Roads, Ac. the House, ‘ and read; Setting forth, That, in the Petition. Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, an Act was passed for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweed Cross towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Br Mancha, and Whim, and by Linton and Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh’, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty another Act passed, intituled, "An Act " to continue the Term of an Act, made in the " Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, for repairing and widening " the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leading " from Tweed Cross towards the City of Edinburgh,

" by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and Whim, and " by Linton and Carlops, and from Ingliston through " Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of " the County of Edinburghand in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty an Act passed, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Peebles to the " King's Eatodge, and to Gatehope-knmo Burnfdot, and

" to

Nit

Pea

il7r

‘J-l

k:j

32 Geo. III. I

465

Sleaford

Navigation

Petition.

Hetnswell

Inclosure

Petition.

" to the Top of Minch-muir, and to Lech-head, in the County of Peeblesand that great Progress has been made in repairing and widening the several Roads specified in the above-mentioned Acts, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed and expended thereon, but the same cannot be completely made, repaired, and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Terms and Powers by the said several Acts granted be farther enlarged; and that it would greatly facilitate the making good Roads in the County of Peebles, and contribute to the general Benefit of the said County, if farther and other Powers were granted for regulating and applying the Statute Labour for making the Roads within the said County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill or Bills for all or any of the Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Montgomery, Sir John Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Sleaford, and the Country adjacent thereto, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a certain Stream or River, called Sleaford Mill Stream, and the River Kyme Eau, from

Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Parishes of New Sleaford, Old Sleaford, Leasingham, and

Ruskington, Haverholm Priory, and the several Parishes of Anwick, Ewerby, North and South Kyme, and Bil-

ling hay, in the Parts of Kesteven and Harts Grounds, and Szcinesheadin the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, to the Junction of the said River Kyme Eau with the River Witham, near Chapel Hill, in the same County, extends to the Distance of Thirteen Miles, or thereabouts; and that if the said Mill Stream and Kyme Eau were made navigable for Barges and other Vessels, a Communication would thereby be opened with the Port of Boston, the City of Lincoln, and the River Trent, whereby great Benefit and Advantage would arise to the Land Owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the several Parishes adjacent to the said Stream and River, by facilitating the Carriage of Coals, Wool, Corn, and other Goods and Commodities, at less Expence than is now paid for the same by Land Carriage, greatly tend to the Increase of Trade and Commerce, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Mill Stream and Kyme Eau navigable, from Sleaford Castle Causeway, to the Junction of the said Kyme Eau with the River Witham, and maintaining the said Navigation in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Anderson

Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Baronet, Sir

Cecil Wray, Baronet, Francis Swan, Clerk, William Hutton, Esquire, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of in

the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, Vol. 47.

and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, wherein the different Properties lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are for the most Part inconveniently situated, and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Parties interested therein, if the same were inclosed and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Bishop of Wood Eu-Carlisle, Lord of the Manor of Enderby, in the County of Lincoln, and of several other Owners and °

Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor and Parish of Wood Enderby aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Commonable Places, known by the Names of the East and West Fields, together with the Cow Pasture,

Commons, and Ings, lying within the said Manor and Parish, which belong to the Petitioners and others; and that the Property in the said Fields, Cow Pasture,

Commons, and Ings, is dispersed, and inconveniently situated for the several Owners thereof, but if the said Lands were divided, and specific Shares allotted to the Persons interested therein, according to their respective Interests, such Division and Allotment will be very advantageous to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes ' aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Epworth thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Inclosure others, having Right of Common and other Rights PetlU0|>-upon the Commons or Open and Uninclosed Grounds," within the Parishes of Epxcorth, Belton, and Owston, in the Isle of Axholme, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes (which lie within the Manor of Epxcorth) large Tracts of Common or Uninclosed Pasture Grounds, commonly called The Commons, containing by Estimation 9,800 Acres and upwards, which, in their present State, are not capable of Improvement, or can be occupied to such Advantage as they migiit be if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according

# o

to their respective Rights, which would tend greatly to the Benefit of all such Persons, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Commons and Uninclosed Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as ro the Mouse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Grantham the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Canal Wu-Petition of the Alderman, Comburgesses, and Bur- lio,i reported, gesses of the Town or Borough of Grantham, in the

6 C County

by

d.

County of Lincoln, and of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said,

That it is practicable to make a Navigable Cut or Canal, for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from, or nearly from, the Town of to communicate with the River Trent, at or near Ratcliff e, in the County of Nottingham — That the making of such Cut or Canal will be attended with great local Benefit to the said Town of Grantham, and the Neighbourhood thereof, as well as of general Advantage to several Parts of the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Leicester, and Derby, by rendering

the Carriage of Coals, Wool, Corn, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the same respectively, much more expeditious, and less expensive, than it is at present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Samuel Smith of Leicester do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Doicliesttr Petition for, a '1 ax on Dogs.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appearing, by the Votes, that Applications have been made for a Tax to be imposed on all Persons keeping Dogs, to be applied in Aid of Parish Rates, the Petitioners, sensibly affected with the Evils produced by the great Number of Dogs kept within the said Borough, submit to the House, that a Tax imposed on Dogs, in Aid of the Parish Rates, for the Relief of the Poor, would be of Public Utility: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Shipton Sellers, &c. Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Consolidated Parishes of Sailers and

Shipton Ol/iff'e, and some Pieces of Land which extend

into the Parishes of Whittington, Withing-

ton, and Compton-Abdale, in the County of Gloucester,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes certain Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which in their present Situation cannot be conveniently occupied, and are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but might be rendered of much more Value if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Captain Berkeley and Mr. Master do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Nutcombe Quick, of in the Quick’s

County of Devon, Clerk, was presented to the House, p*t*01u and read; Setting forth, That Hannah Nutcombe Bluett, 1 ,u Wife of BucklandNutcombe Bluett, of Nutcombe, in the County of Devon, both deceased, in and by her last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date on or about the ist Day of May 1747, duly executed in such Manner as by Law is required for passing Real Estates, did, in pursuance of the Power to her reserved by an Indenture of Settlement made on her Marriage with her then Husband the said Buckland Nutcombe Bluett, give and devise several Manors, Bartons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Indenture of Settlement mentioned and specified (from and after the Death of her said Husband Buck-land Nutcombe Bluett) to Humphry Sydenham and Robert Lucas, Esquires, and their Heirs, to the Use of Nutcombe Quick, Grandson of her late Husband Richard Nutcombe, for Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the Use of the said Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Nutcombe Quick, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Nutcombe Quick successively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Nutcombe Quick, and the Heirs of the Body and Bodies of such Daughter and Daughters, as Tenants in Common, and not as Joint Tenants, with divers Remainders over; and in the said Will is contained a Proviso and Condition, that all and every the Person and Persons who should be entitled to the Premises, and be seised thereof respectively, by virtue of that Will, should, as soon thereafter as might be, by Act of Parliament, or other lawful Means, take and use the Surname of Nutcombe, and so to be called in all Deeds and Writings, and that the Estates and Trusts limited to the said Humphry Sydenham and Robert Lucas, and their Heirs, should be under those Limitations, that the Estate and Trust limited to the Person so neglecting or refusing should cease, as if it had never been mentioned therein, and that the Estate and Trust should go over, and be to the next in Remainder, as if such Person had never been; and that the said Hamah , Nutcombe Bluett died soon after the Execution of her said Will, and the said Buckland Nutcombe Bluett is also since dead, and the Petitioner became and was, on the Death of the said Buckland Nutcombe Bluett, entitled unto and seised and possessed of all and singular the Manors, Bartons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, given and devised by the said Will in Manner aforesaid, as Tenant for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with Remainder to his Daughter and Daughters in Tail General, under and by virtue of the said Will; and that the Petitioner hath, in pursuance of the Proviso contained in the said Will, ever since he became seised and possessed of the Premises therein devised as aforesaid, taken upon himself and used the Surname of Nutcombe, and hath so styled and subscribed his Name in many Deeds, Evidences, and W ritings, and done other Acts by that Surname, and is desirous that the Surname of Nutcombe may be conferred, confirmed, and continued, by Authority of Parliament, upon and to him, and to the First and other Sons of his Body, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of such First and other Sons, and to the Daughters of the Petitioner, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies: And therefore praying, ’That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the First and other Sons of his Body begotten or to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the Body of every

Mr. Jones’s Petition relative to Taunton Hospital.

32 Geo. III.

of them respectively and successively, and the Daughter and Daughters of the Petitioner, and the Heirs of the Body and Bodies of such Daughter and Daughters, to take upon himself, herself, and themselves, respectively, the Surname of Nutcomb, and from henceforth be called by the Surname of , and at all

Times subscribe himself, herself, and themselves, by that Surname, in Performance of, and Compliance with, the said Proviso and Condition contained in the before-mentioned Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Rolle and Mr. Butler do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Thomas Jones, Contractor for the Building of the Somersetshire Hospital, at Taunton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That on the 29th Day of September 1772, a Contract was entered into, by the Petitioner and Philip Stowey his then Partner, with the Earl of the Earl of

Chatham, Lord North (now Earl of Guildford) and others, Gentlemen of the County of Somerset, for building a Public Hospital or Infirmary at,

in the said County, for the Sum of 6,327/. payable by Ten Instalments, in Manner as therein mentioned; and that the Building was accordingly begun and proceeded upon, and the Three first Instalments were regularly paid according to the Terms of the Contract, and the Fourth Instalment was likewise paid, but not till more than Three Months had elapsed from the Time when it became due; and that when the Fifth Instalment became due, the Petitioner and his said late Partner applied for Payment of the same, but could not then obtain it, on account, as they supposed, of the Insufficiency of the Contributions of the Benefactors to the said Hospital; and that, on the t st Day of November 1775, a General Meeting of the Benefactors to the said Hospital was held, at which the Petitioner and his said late Partner attended, in Expectation of receiving the Fifth Instalment agreeably to the express Terms of the Contract, but it was then resolved, by the Gentlemen who attended that Meeting, that the Fifth Instalment, which had been due for several Months past, should not be paid, unless the Petitioner and his said late Partner would consent to do certain Work then mentioned with respect to the said Building, on or before the 30th Day of June 1776, which Requisition the Petitioner and his said late Partner, being desirous of obtaining the Money then due to them, complied with; and that at a subsequent Meeting of the Benefactors to the said Hospital, held on the 9th Day of August 1776, composed of Sir Charles Kemps Baronet, Copp/cston

JVarre Bampfylde, Esquire, James Esquire,

James Poole, Esquire, Benjamin Hammett, Esquire (now 'Sit Benjamin Hammett, Knight) Hawker,

Esquire, Richard Coombe, Esquire, and Michael on. Doctor of Physic, the Petitioner attended, when he was told, that it was expected he should put in the Windows, to which he objected, alledging that the Building was at that Time considerably indebted to him and his- said late Partner, and therefore refused Compliance with that Requisition, unless the Gentlemen then present at that Meeting would undertake to pay the Petitioner and his said late Partner all the Money that should be due when the Windows were so put in, to which it was replied, that if the Requisition was complied with, no Money should be wanting, and, upon the Faith of the said Promise, the Petitioner and his said late Partner put in the Windows in the Month of December 1776, notwithstanding which, the Petitioner and his said late Partner, although they applied for Payment of the Ba-ance due to them, could not obtain the same; and that, on the 18th Day of October 1780, an Order for Vol. 47-

467

surveying the said Hospital, pursuant to the Terms of the Contract, was obtained, and on the 16th Day of December following an Estimate was made by a Surveyor duly nominated and appointed, by whose Report it appeared that there remained due to the Petitioner and his said late Partner, under the Contract, and the said Order of the 1st Day of November 1775, the Sum of 1,204/. 15$. qld.; and that by an Order of the Committee of the Subscribers, made at a Meeting held at Taunton, on the 31st Day of March 1781, ail Advertisement was inserted in the public Papers, by which public Notice was given, that the Subscriptions had fallen short, and were wholly insufficient to complete the Building, to do which would require a further Aid of about 3,000 L and that unless the Nobility and Gentry, who had already subscribed to this Charity, were disposed to augment their Donations, the Committee would be reduced to the Necessity of disposing of the Building in the State in which it then was (the Shell of which was then entirely finished) in order to pay the Contractors what remained due on Account ot it; it was therefore requested, that the Subscribers would attend at Bridycxeater, on the 12th Day of July, at which Time, should it appear that there was no Probability of a sufficient Sum being raised, it would he taken into Consideration how to dispose of the Building, in its then State, to the best Advantage, and apply the Produce; and a Meeting was accordingly held at Bridgewater, which was adjourned to the 4th Day of October then next ensuing in the Sessions Week; and that the Petitioner and his said late Partner, being still unable to obtain the Money due to them on the Surveyors Report as aforesaid, in Hilary "Perm 1782, brought an Action against the said Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Bampfylde, Mr. Bernard, Mr. Poole % Air. Hammett (now Sir Benjamin Hammett) and Mr. Hawker, grounded on the Verbal Promise hereinbefore mentioned to have been made by them at the Meeting of the gth Day of August 177!), to recover the Money so reported due by the Surveyor as aforesaid; and the Cause being entered to be heard at the Sittings at Guildhall alter Trinity "Perm 1782, a Proposal to submit the Matter to Arbitration was made by the Defendants, and agreed to by the Plaintiffs, the Petitioner and his said late Partner, and the Cause was accordingly referred to Lord North (now the Earl of Guildford) under a Rule of Court; and that the said Earl of Guildford, having consented to be such Referee, and having heard the Evidence, made his Award in W riting on the 6th Day of November 1782, and thereby awarded that the Defendants should pay to the Petitioner and his said late Partner the Sum of 641/. 1 ~}s. 9 id. Part of the said Sum of 1,204/. 15s. 9 I d. so reported due to them by the Surveyor as aforesaid, and that the said Plaintiffs and Defendants should respectively pay their own Costs; and his Lordship was thereby pleased to declare, that although the said Sum of f>4i/. 15s. 9id. was the Whole which the Defendants were liable to pay to the Plaintiffs, yet, that the original Subscribers to the Hospital were hound in Honour to pay, not only the Residue of the said 1,204/. 15*. 9id- but to reimburse the Defendants the Stum paid by them to the Plaintiffs in pursuance of the Award; and that, in pursuance of the said Award, the said Defendants in the said Action, on the 25th Day of March 1783, paid to the Plaintiffs, the Petitioner and his said late Partner, the said Sum of 641L 13s. qid. since which Time the Petitioner and his said late Partner have not received any further Part of their Demand, and the Building remains in the unfinished State in which the Petitioner and his said late Partner so left it as aforesaid; and that the Petitioner (who is now solely interested in his Concerns of Trade and Business, the said Philip Stowey having quitted the

Copartnership,

1° Mart

St. Pancras Burial Ground, &c. Petition.

St. Luke's Lighting, &c. Petition.

Copartnership, and resigned his Share to the Petitioner) " repairing the Highways within the said Parish;" and finds that he cannot pursue any Legal Remedy to re- that, in putting the said Act in Execution, the Powers cover from the Contractors the Money due to him, and Provisions thereof have been found so defective and which he and his said late Partner have actually and insufficient, that it is expedient that the same expended in Labour and Materials used and em- should be wholly repealed, and proper Powers granted ployed in the said Building, with the Interest there- for the better lighting, cleansing, watching, repairing upon, and the Costs of prosecuting the said Action at the Highways, and regulating the Squares, Streets,

Law, and their Expences in and about the same, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the said amounting in all to the Sum of 1,821/. or there- Parish, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, abouts; and that the Building, having remained in an Annoyances, and Encroachments, within the same; unfinished State for so many Years, is not likely to be And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to completed, or applied to the Purposes for which it bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, in was originally intended, and is becoming ruinous and such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the going to Decay: And therefore praying, That Leave House shall seem meet.

may be given to bring in a Bill to empower Trustees Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

to sell and dispose of the Materials of the said Build- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-ing, and the Land on which it stands, and to apply mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge shall appear to them, to the House: of the Debt remaining due to the Petitioner, and the And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Pybiis,

Interest thereon, together with the Costs of the Action &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at at Law, and his other Expences, and in reimbursing Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have the Defendants in the said Action the Sums which Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, they paid in pursuance of the Earl of Guildford's

Award. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Brough and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His pre- tion mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and shall appear to them, to the House: " widening the Road from the Low Water Mark of

And it is referred to Mr. Rolle, the Lord North, &c.: " the River Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine " Parish of in the East Riding of the

of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have " County of York, to the North End of the Town of

Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. " Brough, and from thence, through South Cave, to

" Coney Clappers in South Holmes, in the said

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and other " Riding," was presented to the House, and read; Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in County of Middlesex, in Vestry assembled, was pre- the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the

from the great Increase of the Inhabitants of the said Tolls, which has been duly applied in repairing the

Parish, the present Burial Ground belonging thereto is said Road, and still remains due; and that the Term become too small, and it is therefore necessary, for the of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money bor-proper Burial of the Dead within the said Parish, that rowed cannot be repaid, and the Road effectually a Piece of Ground should be provided for the Purpose amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and of enlarging the same, or to be made use of as an act- Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged; ditional Burying Ground to be properly inclosed for And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to the Use of the said Parish; and representing to the bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

House, that there is a Foot Path leading through the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

present Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-which is of no Public Utility, and by reason whereof mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it the said Burial Ground is disagreeably exposed, the shall appear to them, to the House: shutting up whereof cannot be attended with any In- And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

convenience to the Public, as another Path sufficiently fnre, c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- . convenient may be made in lieu thereof: And there- ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers, and Records, under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper. A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Hodges and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His pre- 2cC\f*id Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- sent Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and g|jj c^_ mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles and mktted. shall appear to them, to the House: from thence to the Town of and from Bea-

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng, dies Hill aforesaid to the Town of Lindfield, and from &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at the Turnpike Road between Cuckfeld and Craxvley to Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have the Town of Horsham, and also the Road from Szvin-Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. gate, in the Parish of Burwash, to Shaver Green, in the

Parish of Ticehurst, all in the County of Sussex, was A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are read a Second Time, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tho-gf Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, was pre- mas Pelham, Colonel Lenox, &c.: And they are to meet sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s an Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Chamber.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better enlightening and A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to South Malcleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second ling ltoad " Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of Year of the Reign of King the Second, for re- Petition.

" Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and re- pairing the Road from the South End of the South " gulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, and for Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town

of

of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence, through

Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alj'riston, in the County of Sussex, and also an Act,

passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of the said recited Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said Acts, and several Sums of Money have been expended in the Repair of the said Road, which have been borrowed, and are now due, upon Mortgage of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, and which Money cannot be paid off, and the said Road be completely amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged; and that certain Pieces of Road leading from Bopeep, in the Parish of Alciston, over Berwick Common, to Bridge, and from

thence by Swineshilland to the Stream or Watercourse, in the Town of , and from the

Lime Kiln at Sxvineshill aforesaid, to Hailsham

and from the North End of the Timber Wharf in the South Street of the Parish of Saint Thomas in the Cliffe, to the South End of the South Street in the Parish of South Mailing, all in the said County of Sussex, are narrow, incommodious, and greatly out of Repair, and it would be a great Convenience and Accommodation to the Public, if the Trustees for executing the said Acts were discharged from the Repair of Two Miles and a Quarter of the Road comprised therein, extending from Bopeep aforesaid to Longbridge aforesaid, and were enabled to amend and widen the several other Pieces of Road hereinbefore mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Colonel Lenox, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stairs Mr. Honeyxcood reported from the Committee, to

ur whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the

" Hamlet of Broad Stab's, in the Parish of Peter,

in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and of several of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Richard Collat'd being examined, said, That the Harbour of Broad Stairs is conveniently situated for the Reception of Ships and other Vessels, and will admit those of 1.50 Tons Burthen, and that great Numbers come into the said Harbour as well for the Purpose of Trade as for Shelter and Security in Times ot Storm or Distress — That the Pier, by which the said Harbour is formed, is now in a very ruinous and decayed State, and, unless the same be forthwith put into good and substantial Repair, or wholly taken down and re-built, there is great Reason to apprehend the said Harbour will, in a short Time, become of little or no Use, and that it will require a considerable Sum to defray the Expences thereof — That the only Fund at present applicable to the repairing and supporting the said Pier arises from certain Rates, Droits, or customary Dues, payable by the Owners and Masters of Ships and Vessels coming into the said Harbour; but the same are Voi. 47.

not sufficiently ascertained, nor do they produce a sufficient Sum for that Purpose, and that the Payment thereof cannot at present be effectually enforced, and some additional Rates will be required for the Purposes before mentioned — That great Nuisances and Encroachments have, from Time to Time, been committed and placed within the said Harbour, and it would be of Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Broad Stairs, and all Persons resorting thereto, if such Nuisances and Encroachments were removed and prevented for the future; and if some Regulations were made respecting the taking of Mud from the said Harbour, for the Purpose of Manure.

Mr. John Hurst being examined, said, That from Ten to Fourteen Vessels, belonging to Broad Stairs, are employed in distant and Foreign Fisheries, besides Vessels in the Chal Trade — That Vessels of about 150 Tons, drawing Eleven Feet Water, can enter the Harbour at High Water, which is dry at Low Water.

Mr. Collard being again examined, said. That the Rates and Droits were granted by a Decree from the Court of Dover, under the Sanction of the Lord Warden of The Cinque Ports — That no other Powers are now existing to compel Payment, but Custom and that Decree — That regular Accounts have been kept of the Money expended on the Pier and Harbour, which are in the Hands of the Pier Wardens — That many Nuisances have been created, by People laying Cart Loads of Flints near the Pier, which have been washed into the Harbour, and Encroachments have been made by building Jetties and Ways upon the Piers, for which the Witness knows no Method of gaining Redress — That Flints, Lime, and other Goods, are exported from the Harbour.

Mr. John Hurst being again examined, said, That several Vessels have taken Shelter in the Harbour the last Stormy Weather, particularly a Swede of about 100 Tons loaded, a Vessel of 150 Tons loaded with Potatoes and other Goods, and a Ship of about 200 Tons partly loaded — That he has known People entering the Harbour refuse to pay the Droits, because they knew there was no Power to enforce the Demand.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing or re-building the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broad Stairs, in the Isle of in the County of Kent, and for the better preserving the said Harbour, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the said Harbour: And that Mr. Honywood and the Lord North do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands and Common Right in the Common and Open Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common, or Waste Ground, within the Parish of JVolvey, in the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors lie greatly intermixed and dispersed over the said Common Fields, and cannot be improved in the Manner they might be, if inclosed; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the several Parties interested, if the said Common Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common, or Waste Ground, in the said Parish, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in proportion to their Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common, or Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William and Sir

Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

6 D Sir

Wolvey

Inclosure

Petition.

470

1° Mar

A. 1792.

Upton and

Wellesbourne Hastings Road Bill reported.

Mutiny Bill passed.

Bill for repealing Part of Duty on Candles committed.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Upton, in the Parish of Rat le to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the T hird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repealing a certain Part of the Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles) was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill lor rc- A Bill for repealing the Duties upon Mult, granted l>ealing addi- by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign tional Duties j|js present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting

mi Malt, committed,

Dover

Harbour

Petition.

to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Warden and Assistants of Dover Harbour, under their Common Seal, being offered to

O

be presented to the House;

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition w as brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the said Harbour, from its Situation and Utility, hath, for many Years past, been considered as a Place of great Importance, more especially in Times'of War; and that, by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth of King William the Third, certain Duties were granted upon Ships and Vessels for repairing the said Harbour, which Duties have been continued by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, and a Duty of only Three Halfpence per Ton is now payable to the said Harbour; and that the Money arising by the said Duty is by no Means adequate to the Expence that is indispensably necessary for the Support and Improvement of the said Harbour: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make further Provision for the Support and Improvement of the said Harbour, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord North, Mr. Pybus,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Charles Long presented to the House, pursuant Papers aild

, ° 1 Account*

to their Orders, . relating to

Copy of the Contracts at present subsisting with convicts

Air. Duncan Campbell, or any other Person, for main- presented.

taining and employing Convicts on Board of Hulks

in the River Thames, or elsewhere; together with an Account of all contingent Expences attending the same,

as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Number of Convicts maintained

and employed at this Time by Air. Duncan Campbell,

or any other Person, specifying where, and in what

Manner, employed: And also,

An Account of the Quantity and Cost of Provisions and Stores which have been sent to South,

or for which Orders have been given for that Purpose,

for the Alaintenanee and Support of the Convicts

there, since the last Accounts were laid before the

House: And also,

Copies or Extracts of Letters and Papers from the

Treasury, bearing Date since the last Accounts were

laid before the House, as relate to the transporting of

Convicts to New South 1 Vales, and providing for the same; viz.

Copy of a Letter from Air. Rose to the Commissioners of the Navy, dated i 8th Afarch 1791.

D* from 1)° to Alexander Davidson, Esquire, dated 29th Alarch 1791.

D® from D° to the Commissioners of the Navy, dated 20th Alay 1791.

D® from D® to 1)*, dated 23d June 1791.

D° from 1)° to Mr. Nepean, dated 25th June J79’-

I)° from D° to D*, dated 27th June 1791.

1)° from I)0 to the Commissioners of the Navy, dated 27th June 1791.

D° from D® to D°, dated 28th June 1791.

D* from D° to Air. Nepean, dated 3d July 1791.

D° from 1)° to the Commissioners of the Navy, dated 7th July 1791.

D® from Air. Long to Air. Nepean, dated 28th July 1791.

D° from D° to D®, dated 2(1 August 1791.

D® from D° to the Commissioners of the Navy, dated 5th August 1791.

D° from D® to D", dated 6th August 1791.

I)® from D® to D®, dated 23d November 1791.

D® from D® to Air. Stephens, dated 13th I/O1-

D* from Air. Rose to Alessieurs A and dated lGth December 1791.

D* from Air. Long to the Commissioners of the Navy, dated 23d December 1791.

D® from D® to Air. Davison, dated 5th January 1792.

D® from D® to D®, dated 6th January 1792.

D* from D® to the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company, dated 17th January 1792.

D® from Mr. Long to Air. Bernard, dated 8th February 1792.

D® from D* to D®, dated 8th February 1792.

D* from D" to the Commissioners of the Navy, dated 10th February 1792.

And

e on n re-

11 g

e iv nee en

x ami \>rte ed.

ion

il in the

r Moon the Sub-

lera-

etter

)n

1

32 Geo. III. i°_2_30_50 Mar hi. 471

And the Titles of the said Papers and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made Yesterday, That no Arrangement respecting Oczakoze, and its District, appears to have been capable ot affecting the Political or Commercial Interests of this Country, so as to justify any hostile Interference, on the Part of Great Britain, between Russia and The Porte.

And the House was moved, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Message to this House, of the 28th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the

Journal of the House, of the 29th Day of March, in

the last Session of Parliament, of the Address agreed

to by tins House, to be presented to His Majesty, upon taking His Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That no Arrangement respecting Oczakaw, and its District, appears to have been capable of affecting the Political or Commercial Interests of this Country, so as to justify any hostile Interference, on the Part of Great Britain, between Russia and The Porte;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Interference of Great Britain, for the Purpose of preventing the Cession of the said Fortress, and its District, to the Empress of Russia, has been wholly unsuccessful;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That His Majesty’s Ministers, in endeavouring, by Means of an armed Force, to compel the Empress of Russia to abandon her Claim to Oczakou', and its District, and in continuing an Armament after the Object for which it was prepared had been relinquished, have been guilty of gross Misconduct, tending to incur unnecessary Expences, and to diminish the Influence of the British Nation in Europe;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fAIr. Whitbread, 1

Tellers for the Yeas, I Mr. Michael Angelo 116.

[ Taylor: J

Tellers for the Noes, } 244‘

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Two of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Veneris, 2° die Martii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, Von. 47.

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Pnionn Tow’n and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of dc, trrrd Gloucester, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go: with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Sixty-seven Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the (dock.

Sabbati, 3° die Martii; .

Anno 32* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

Til E Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Considerable Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, complain- ^(!ester ing of an undue Election and Return for the Tow n and p|(,etion Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, Petition being come; deferred.

The Serjeant at Arms w’as directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendence of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One Member only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration and immediately adjourned the same till Monday, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 5° die Martii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

7J IC HARD IV A L K E R, John A/phonso Do.vat, ^aiur, Charles Frederick Brandt, John Mark Gourgas, &c.

James Soret, John William Hentig, and Jacob An- 9"orn* derson, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Graves and Hie Lords All'. Frames: ive agreed

Air. Speaker, to*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act j iad Tux for granting an Aid to His Alajcsty by a Land Tax, to bill, be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An *l<irinp Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Mutiny Pill f orces, while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also,

The

Norwich and Thetford Road Bill.

Norwich and Swaff-ham Road Bill.

Cirencester

Election

Petition

considered.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Benedict’s Gale, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxham, and also a Lane, called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City; without' any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and One Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Two Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of George Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Francis Armesley, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Name of Lieutenant Colonel John William Egerton being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, that he was serving on a General Court Martial, holden for the Trial of Lieutenant Lees, of the Corps of Engineers; and the Substance of what was so alleged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Forty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of the Earl of Courtown was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Forty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Seven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Twelve against whose Election Petitions were depending; Twenty as then serving on Select Committees; One on

A. 1792.

Account of having in this Session served on a Select Committee; and One on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete. Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Cirencester, met at Petitions for the Town Hall the 23d Day of February 17Q2: And "»AboJition also, . &£51*"

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stockton upon Tees: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Ship Owners, and other Inhabitants of North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Chamberlains, Common Council, and Inhabitants of the County Town of Alnwick, and the Environs thereof, in Northumberland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Market Town of Belford, and its Vicinage, in the County of Northumberland: And also,

A Petition of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, and of the Borough of Gateshead, in the County of Durham, and their Vicinity, assembled at the Guildhall in Newcastle, on Wednesday, February 8th 1792: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Helleston: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town and Liberties of Ludlow: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of Gloucester, and its surrounding Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury:

And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of Norwich, in Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Citizens and Inhabitants of Norwich:

And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Diss, and the adjacent Villages, in the County of Norfolk:

And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of New Buckenham, and the adjacent Villages, in the County of Norfolk: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Harleston, in Norfolk, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Yarm, in the County of York, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Rotherham, in the County of York ;And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Oakham, in the County of Rutland, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in and near the Town of Kingsbridge, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Free Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town of Colchester:

And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of whose

Names are thereunder signed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal

Inhabitants,

32 Geo. III. 5° Martii. 473

Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bridport, in the County enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may of Dorset; be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term,

Were severally presented to the House, and and altering, amending, and rendering more effectual read; Praying for an Abolition of the Slave the Powers of the said Act, as to the House shall seem Trade. meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

s

nstable A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are H°ck- thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution several ition. -Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of , and from the

Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King's Arms in Hockliffe aforesaid, and for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of the Waggon and Horses to the Bull Inn in Dunstable aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That some Progress hath been made in putting the said Acts in Execution, and a considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that there is a very steep and dangerous Hill in the said Road, between Dunstable and Hockliffe, called Puddle Hill, where many Accidents have happened, and Lives have been lost, and it would be of great Benefit and Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, and to the Public, if Power was given for making, diverting, altering, or turning the said Road, so as to reduce the Ascent.of the said Hill, and render the same more safe and commodious: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. John, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Saint Mr. Samuel Long presented to the House, according -’s In- to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common re Bill Marsh and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of nte ' Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

on and A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed by kin an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widen-

lon" " ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Burlton,

" in the County of Salop, through to Llany-

" mynech, in the same County, and from to

" the East End of the Llanriader Road, and from Place " CarrickLane to the Turnpike Road on Knockin

" Heath, to the East End of Knockin Lane," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, winch has been duly applied in repairing the said Roads, and still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is nearly expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are altered and Vol. 47.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House: '

And it is referred to Sir Henry Bridgeman, Mr.

Thornton, &c.: And they ar e to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom Langport the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu- and s><m»er-tion Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-sixth Year ^d*Cpeti of the Reign of King George the Second, and the tion reported. Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of through

the Towns of Langport and Somerlon, to and

several other Roads described in the said Acts, in the County of Somerset, and also of several Persons residing, or having Estates near the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House", relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio we th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Mr. Richard Michellbeing examined, said, That 3,700l. is now due upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is enlarged, and some Alterations and Amendments made thereto.

That the several Roads described in the Petition communicate with the Roads comprized in the said Acts, and are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of Fivehead, through the Towns of Langport and Somerlon to and seve-

ral other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset;and for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads from Castlecary to Sparkford, and from the Cross Roads at Galhampton to the Shci'borne Turnpike Road leading to Wincanton, and from the Cross Roads in Langport Eastover to the Martock Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Longsulion, and from the Direction Poston the said Martock Turnpike Road to the Ircl-chester Turnpike Road, in the Parish of and from Marshall's Elm, in the Parish of Street, to the Somerlon Turnpike Road, in the Parish of King-weston, in the said County: And that Mr. Phtlips and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom Croscombe the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Dinder or Waste Lands, being Parts of Mendip, Lyatt, and Inclosure Dinder Hill, within the Parishes of Croscombe and Bl1* rePortf(I. der, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the

6 E Standing

474 5° Martii. A. 1792.

k

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands, rated to the Poor’s Rate at the Yearly Sum of Twelve Shillings and One Half penny, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be divided and inclosed are rated to the Poor’s Rate at the Yearly Sum of 34/. 8*. 3 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

St. Cuth- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are bert’s Inclo- thereunto set and subscribed, on Behalf of themselves »ure Petition. anc| 0t[ierSj entitled to Rights of Common on a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, lying and being within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert in , in the County of Somersetwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a certain Tract of Common or W'aste Land, being Part of the Forest of Mendip, lying and being in and Part of the Manors of

East Horrington and Chilcot, within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells aforesaid; and that the said Tract of Common or Waste Land, lying open and uncultivated, and subject to Trespasses, is of small Value to the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, but is capable of great Improvement, by ftleans of a Division and Inclosure; and therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Tract of Common or Waste Land, within the said Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert in W ells, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Phelips and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

Southleigh A Petition of Edward Gore, Esquire, Lord of the Inclosure Manor of Southleigh, in the County of Oxford, and Petition. Owner of a very great Part of the Lands within the Manor and Parish of Sou aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Heaths, and other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioner and others, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if divided into specific Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Phelips and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Middleton Mr. Burden presented to the House, according to -^gleston, Order, a Bill for amending, widening, raising, and Bin pre! keeping in Repair, the Road leading from The sented. gate> at the West End of the Town of Middleton in

Tcesdale, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Egleston, in the same County, and from Egleston Bridge to the Head of the said Town of , and from

thence to the Collieries or Coal Works called West Pitts, in the Parish of Saint Andrews Auckland, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Keelmerf# Order, a Bill for establishing a permanent Fund for Bill pr*. the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, em- *ented-ployed on the River Wear, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom West Auck. the Bill for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and land Road preserving the Road leading from the North End 1 reP#rt*^' the Turnpike Road, called The Coal Road, near West Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elsdon Turnpike Road, at or near Elishaw, in the County of Northumberland, and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, upon the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Petition of the Grocers and Tea Dealers residing Paner&jTea in the populous Streets of London, in the Parish of Paneras, was presented to the House, and read; Set- etl ICIU ting forth, That the Petitioners, in consequence of Regulations in the Act, relative to the Collection of the Duties on Tea, are deprived from receiving Permits to convey any Tea they may sell to their Customers or Friends residing within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise, and are also deprived of Permits to send their Teas to the Quays to be shipped Coastwise to their Customers in other Towns in Britain, and are likewise deprived of Permits to send their Teas to any Waggon who quarters within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise, by which they are prevented from supplying their Customers in the Country; and that the Petitioners have suffered much by having such Restrictions, their Trade has become limited to a few Streets, and their Exertions of Industry are checked, and they beg leave to observe, that as their Trade in Tea is under the Survey of attentive and vigilant Officers of His Majesty’s Excise, they should have Permits freely granted to convey their Goods to their Customers in the same Manner as is granted to their Fellow Citizens residing w'ithin the Parish of Mary-le-Bone: And therefore praying, That the House will take their Petition into Consideration, and ordain the Streets in Paneras Parish to be annexed to the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise, or otherwise to grant such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House may appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

475

A Petition of Thomas Hilly of Gresse Streel9 Rathbone Place, London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, in the Year 1787, rented a House in Gresse Street, convenient for a Tobacco Manufactory, and there carried on Business, and an Act of Parliament, which came in force on the 10th of October 1789, has prevented him from going on with his Manufactory, as he is prohibited from removing his Goods; That the Petitioner’s Case is singular and distressing, and it is only from the House he can obtain Relief, therefore he begs Leave to state the Particulars: In the Year 1783 all Ranks of Men were calling out for a more accurate Collection of the Revenue, and an Act was passed with new Regulations to prevent Smuggling; immediately after that the Petitioner used Interest to be heard, and he was permitted to present to one of the Secretaries in the Treasury a Paper, in which he set forth, that in One Port alone, for more than Thirty Years, the Revenue had been Yearly defrauded of 30,000l., which Paper was transmitted by the Secretary to the proper Revenue Board, who examined into the Matter, and Vouchers were found to ascertain the full Amount of the Frauds, and that Revenue Board immediately adopted the Check which the Petitioner pointed out, which prevented the Frauds from being carried on in the same Channel; in consequence of this Intelligence, those in Power brought forward Regulations of the greatest Public Utility, and for such an essential Service the Petitioner expected some Mark of Public Favour, such as being appointed to superintend the Check he had pointed out; no such Offer was made; he was desirous of returning to his Business and Home; that he might do so with Safety, he asked for a Copy of the Report made by the Revenue Board, and from that Board Public Thanks in the Newspapers; this was refused, and the Petitioner could not return; that for several Years the Petitioner frequently represented to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury the Distress he was reduced to in this City, by having pointed out a Fraud that for Thirty Years had escaped the Notice of the Revenue Board, and, during the Public Scrutiny, remained undiscovered, he solicited for the necessary Papers to return home, or some Allowance to subsist on here; his Applications were disregarded; in July 1789, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury were pleased to allot 430/. to the Petitioner, as a Compensation for his Services and Expences during Six Years Attendance in London, but that Sum would only defray a very small Part of Expences incurred; the Petitioner was desirous to avoid any Argument about Pecuniary Compensation, he declined accepting the Sum offered, and requested the necessary Papers, but they were refused; a Mercantile House in the City of London, out of Pity for w hat the Petitioner suffered in Consequence of his having furnished Intelligence necessary for a Reform, were desirous to put him in a Way to obtain a Livelihood, they therefore advanced him Money to set up as a Tobacco Manufacturer in Gresse Street; and those Merchants observing that the Act had cut him off from sending his Goods to the Quays, or to any Waggon within the' Limits of the Excise Office, or selling to any Person within those Limits, and that he was refused Relief from the Lords of the Treasury and the Commissioners of Excise, they became uneasy for the Money they had advanced; the Petitioner had no Resource; his Goods were loaded with House Rent and Taxes, and going to decay; therefore he was compelled, in the Year 1791, to give the Merchants an Order for the small Sum allotted him; and that the Petitioner is fully convinced that what he suffers arises from a Mistake, for no Instance can be given of any Person being deprived of their Privileges and Property by an Act; it is certainly a Mistake to cut off the populous Streets Vo*,. 47.

in the Parish of Saint Pancras from enjoying the Liberty of the Port of London: And therefore praying the House to take his Case into Consideration, and to give him such Relief in the Premises as to them shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Owners, Proprietors, and Occu- Ford and Lo-piers of Lands and Tenements, and other Inhabitants, "lck Roads within the Parishes of Ford and Louick, and other Petition% adjacent Parishes, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are considerable Quantities of Coal and Lime lying within the said Parishes of Ford and Louick, for which there is a great Demand from the Neighbourhood, and from Scotland, w'hich occasions great Intercourse and Traffick on the Roads herein after described, lying within the said Parishes, and which, by Reason of many heavy Carriages passing thereon, are become broken and founderous, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law', notwithstanding the Inhabitants of the said Parishes have Yearly performed their Statute Duty on the said Roads, and several very considerable Sums of Money have moreover been expended in repairing and improving the same; and that the said Roads extend from Conihill Bu?'n, by Pallinsbum and Flodden Lane, to Milfield March Burn, and from Flodden Lane Westward, through Flodden Ground, towards Hozctell as far as the Parish of Ford extends, and also to Ford Bridge, and from thence, through Bartmoor and Louick, to Huntinghall Burn, near Sams House, and also from Ford Bridge, through Eta I, to Dudhoe Burn, otherw ise Homey Burn, adjoining to the Benvick Turnpike Road, and, if the same were put into good Repair, it w'ould tend greatly to the Benefit of the Public, and the Improvement of the Lands in that Neighbourhood, and for several Miles round; and that, for the Purpose of making and putting the said Roads into good Repair, the Aid of Parliament will be necessary towards granting certain 'Polls to be levied thereon, and, to render the same productive and effectual, it will also be expedient that the Main Road should pass over Ford Bridge, and that certain other Bye Roads, lying contiguous thereto, leading across the River Till at the Ford called Selby s Ford, also another Bye Road at the Ford called Flodden Ford, and another Bye Road at the Ford called The IVi/low Ford, and the Branches of the said Bye Roads, all lying within the said Parishes of Ford and Louick, or one of them, and leading Eastward towards Ford and Louick aforesaid, should be shut up: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads before described, and for levying Tolls thereon, and also for shutting up and stopping the said Bye Roads and the Branches thereof, and that such further Order may be made in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grey, Mr. Lamb ton, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow' Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Everett, Esquire, and Thomas Petition re-Batt, Gentleman, Electors of Members to serve in specting the Parliament for the Borough of Ludgcrshall, in the pJ^0^ffor County of Wilts, was delivered in at the Table, and Lud^ershall. read; Setting forth, That on the 15th Day of April 1791, a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of John Drummond and Robert Drummond\ Esquires, and also the Petition

of

of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of shall, reported to the House the Right of voting for Members of Parliament for the Borough of

shall, to be " in such Persons who have any Estate " of Inheritance, or Freehold, or Leasehold, determinable upon Life or Lives within the Borough,

" not confined to entire ancient Houses, or the entire " Scites of ancient Houses within the Borough ;" and that the Right honourable Viscount , the

Honourable William Brodrick, and Charles Esquire, on the 13th Day of February last, presented their Petition to this House, stating the said Right of Election as reported by the said Select Committee, and that the Petitioners were not satisfied with the said Resolution, and that they were desirous to be admitted Parties to oppose the said Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Behalf made and provided; and that the Petitioners insist that the Right of Election as declared by the said Select Committee is the true and lawful Right of Election for the said Borough of Ludge And therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, the 4th Day of April next, at the same Time that the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Midleton, the Honourable William Brodrick, and Charles Esquire, Electors

of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of is ordered to be

taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Ludgershall, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

St. Bride’s Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, Poor and to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Church Peti- Overseers of the Poor, and of the several other Persons, lonrepor . w|lose Barnes are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Bridget, commonly called Bride, in the City of London, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Abel Bradley being examined, said, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a very great and burthensome Expence by the said Parish; and that the providing of a convenient House or Houses for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and granting proper Powers for the Government, Regulation, and Employment of such Poor, would tend to the more effectual Relief, Assistance, and Accommodation of such as by Age, Infirmities, or Diseases are rendered incapable of sup-

porting themselves by their Labour, to the Employment of the Industrious, and those who are able to work, and to the Correction of the Idle and Refractory, and to the Education of the Infant Poor in Habits of Industry and Religion.

And being further examined, he said, That the Parish Church of the said Parish is in a ruinous and decayed State, and that a considerable Sum of Money will be necessary to be raised for repairing the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a Workhouse for the same Parish: And that Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Alderman Watson, Sir Watkin Lewes, and Mr. Alderman Saw-bridge, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Boston P»v-Estates and Inhabitants within the Borough and Parish in6 Petition, of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets and other Public Places, within the said Borough and Parish, are not properly paved and cleansed, and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and some of the Public Roads therein are not in good Repair, and the Inhabitants of the said Parish are not obliged, by Law, to perform any Statute Duty thereon; and that it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Parish, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the Streets and other Public Places within the said Borough and Parish were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, and widened, and rendered safe and commodious, and if all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein were removed and prevented for the future, and the said Public Roads properly amended and repaired: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fydell, Sir Peter Burrell,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for Boston Har-putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Six- bourPetitiM. teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for affixing and setting down Mooring Posts upon the Banks or High Marshes, within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour of the said Port, and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the Creeks upon the High Marshes, within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour, and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire in the said Haven and Harbour, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That since the passing of the said Act, the Trade and Commerce of the said Port are greatly increased, and no Power is given by the said Act for appointing a Harbour Master of the said Port, for the Purpose of directing and regulating the Mooring and Removing of Ships and other Vessels within the said Haven and Harbour, and for Want of such an Officer considerable Delay and Damage frequently happen to Ships and other Vessels, and great Inconvenience to the Owners or Masters thereof; and that there are within the said Haven and Harbour, certain Marshes, Sand Banks, and Shoals of Sand or Mud, which frequently obstruct and prevent Vessels coming s into

32 Geo. III. 5° Martii. 477

into the said Haven and Harbour, and no Provision is made by the said Act for removing such Obstructions, and the said Act is in some other Respects defective; and that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons concerned in, or having the Care or Management of, Ships and other Vessels coming into the said Port, if a proper Person was appointed Harbour Master of the said Port, and invested with sufficient Powers for directing and regulating the Mooring and Removing of such Ships and other Vessels, and if some Provision was made for cutting through, removing, or lessening the said Marshes, Sand Banks, and Shoals of Sand or Mud, within the said Haven and Harbour, and if such Alterations and Amendments were made in the said Act as shall be necessary for effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fydell, Sir Peter Burrell, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Elston, John Challand, William Whyman, Robert Waring Darrein, Esquires, the Reverend Thomas Wakefield, Vicar of East Stoke, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open Arable Fields, and entitled to Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Syersion, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open Arable Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and the same, and likewise the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Fields and Commons were divided and inclosed, it wrould be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gaily Knight and Mr. Pierrepont do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Isaac Hodgson, John Broom, and Henry Holt, Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Buildings and Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster and Diocese of Chester, have of late Years greatly increased, and still continue to do so, and One or more additional Church or Churches is or are much wanted for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and that the Petitioners have purchased, at a great Price, a Piece of Ground, as and for the Site of a new Church or Chapel, and for a Church-Yard or Cemetery thereto, and are, at their own Expence, erecting a Building on the said Piece of Ground, which is intended for a news Church or Chapel; and the Petitioners propose in all Things to finish and complete the said Church or Chapel in a proper, decent, and commodious Manner, fit for the performing Divine Service therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Vol. 47.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Tarletony Mr. Gascoyne,

&c.: And they are to meet To-inorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Sodbury In-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and closure P*1*-other Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise inte- tion* rested in, the Open and Common Field Lands within the Manors of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manors several Open Commonable Fields, Lands, and Grounds; and that the Lands of the respective Proprietors thereof lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to all the Parties interested therein if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Master and Captain Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Master reported from the Committee, to whom Coombe Ilill the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and In- and habitants of the Town of Cheltenham, in the County p^tio*n^ of Gloucester, and the Places and Parishes in the ported. Neighbourhood thereof, was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Rills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Richard Hall, an Engineer, being examined, said,

That he has made a Survey, and it is practicable to make a Navigable Canal from the Foot of a Hill, called Coombe Hill, in the Parish of Leigh, in the said County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn at or near the North Side of a Place called Fishers, otherwise Fletchers Leap, in the Parish of Deerhurst, in the same County, whereby the 1 own of Cheltenham, and the Neighbourhood thereof, may be supplied with Coal and Merchandize at a much cheaper Rate than at present — That the making of such Canal will be of great Public Utility, and the Lands through which the same is proposed to pass will be much improved thereby.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Foot of Coombe Hill, in the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called Fishers, otherwise Fletchers Leap, in the Parish of Deerhurst, in the said County:

And that Mr. Master and Captain Ba'ktley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Master presented to the House, according to Broadwell Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas- ^j11 Pre-ent* tures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Gloucester:

And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

6 F Mr.

478 5° Martii. A. 1792-

TurWean Inclosure Bill presented.

Mr. Horn* blower’s Petition reported#

Mr. Master presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Turkdean, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Jonathan of the

Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Engineer, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Penwarne, Esquire, being examined, said, That in 1776, the Petitioner invented a Steam Engine for raising Water out of deep Mines, and for other Purposes* on a Plan greatly superior to any Steam Engines before or since made use of, exceeding the irr greatly in Power, and consuming much less Fuel, of which he at that Time made a working Model, but was prevented from pursuing and maturing his Design — That in 1778, the Petitioner resumed his Labours; and, after indefatigable Exertion both of Body and Mind, and at a very considerable Expence, completed another Model on a larger Scale, the Effect of which fully answered his Expectations.

Then Letters Patent, dated 13th 17S1, granting to the Petitioner an exclusive Right and Property, for the Term of Fourteen Years, in his Invention of a Machine or Engine for raising Water and other

_ o o

Liquids, and for other Purposes, by Means of Fire and Steam, were produced to your Committee, together with a Copy of the Inrolment in the Court of Chancery of an Instrument in Writing, pursuant to a Proviso in the said Letters Patent, describing the Nature of the said Invention, and in what Manner the same was to be performed. Then,

Mr. Pcnuarne being again examined, said, That soon after obtaining the Patent, the Petitioner erected one of his Engines on a Coal Mine; but from which he reaped no Emolument as Patentee, it being the first of the Kind introduced into Practice, and therefore considered in the Nature of an Experiment; but the many Difficulties naturally attendant on the practical Construction of such complicated Machines, and the numberless unforeseen Obstacles which constantly occur on the Introduction of new Inventions, in some Measure disappointed the high Expectations formed in Favour of it; and though those Difficulties were afterwards obviated, the Minds of People were prejudiced against the Invention, which, joined to the natural Cautiousness of entering into expensive Undertakings, prevented the Petitioner from attempting again to introduce it till the Year 1791, when he erected an Engine on a Copper Mine in Cornwall, which, on being set to w’ork, fully convinced the , Public of the great Utility of the Invention, and of its Superiority over every other; but even there the Petitioner was under the Necessity of again foregoing any Benefit, in order to introduce it into Practice — That near Eleven Years of the Term of the Patent being elapsed, and the Petitioner, instead of having reaped any Advantage from his Invention, having expended a considerable Sum, it will be impossible to obtain that Recompense for his Labour, Study, and Expence, which it was the Intention of the Letters Patent to grant him, unless the Term thereof be prolonged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in Jonathan Hornblower, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property

of certain Machines or Engines for raising Water and other Liquids, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, described therein, for a limited Time: And that Sir William Lemon and Mr. Gregor do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. William M'Dowall reported from the Commit- Glasgow and

tee, to whom the Petition of the Persons whose Names Yoker Bridge are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land in the Counties of Lanerk, Dumbarton, and Renfrew, was p referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to The 'Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbalsto the Chapel of Cambin the Coun-

ties of Lanerk and Renfrew, were read; whereby it appeared, that certain Trustees were authorized to survey, order, repair, and keep in Repair, the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, of which the Sum of 1,300l., or thereabouts, now remains due; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

And the said Member further informed your Committee, That the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, commencing near to Patrick, and passing by Bruomchill and Bnishagrie to the Draw-bridge over the said Canal, on the Temple Farm of Garscubc, and thence by Anniesland and Scots-

toun, to the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker,

near to Blurt Hill, is in many Parts out of Repair, unsafe, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually made, repaired, widened, and rendered safe and commodious, without the Interposition of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the " Term of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and " Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing " several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow so " far as the same relate to the Roads, from the City " of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to " the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and " from the Village of Gorbals to the Chapel of " buslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and

so far as the said Act relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge; and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde:

And

479

And that Mr. William McDmall., Sir James Steuart Denham, and Mr. SAtfW Stewart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said City have, of late Years, much increased, and it would tend greatly to their Accommodation, and to that of other Persons resorting to the said City, that certain new Streets and Avenues leading to the same were opened, that Footways and Pavements were made, that the Streets were better lighted and cleansed, that the Police and Markets were better regulated, and that certain Funds were raised, and Powers given for carrying those useful Works into Execution, and that Powers were given for disposing of the Glebe belonging to the Cure of the High Church of the said City by Contracts of Ground-Annual, and that Watchmen maybe appointed in the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above and other Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William McDowall, Sir James Steuart Denham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Governor, Sub-Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the Royal Exchange Assurance, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for better securing certain Powers

and Privileges intended to be granted by His Majesty by Two Charters for Assurance of Ships and " Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money on " Bottomry, and for restraining several extravagant " and unreasonable Practices therein named," his said Majesty did, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster, the 2 2d Day of June 1720, incorporate divers Persons to be a Corporation in Deed and in Name, and to have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, by the Name of The Royal Exchange Assurance, for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, with Power to raise a Capital of 1,500,000l. and to make Bye-Laws and Regulations for the good Government thereof, so that such Bye-Laws were not repugnant to the Laws of the Land, which Charter is subject to Redemption and Power of Revocation, as in the said Act and Charter are mentioned; and that his said Majesty did, by other Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster, the Day of April 1721, incorporate the se-

veral Persons in the said other Charter, and therein named, to be a Corporation in Deed and in Name, for the Assurance of any Life or Lives, and against Casualties and Accidents by Fire, and to have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, by the Name of The Roy al Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Eire, with Power to raise a Capital of 500,000l. and to make Bye-Laws for the Government of the said Corporation, so that the same are not repugnant to the Laws and Customs of the Land, which said Charter was subject to Revocation as therein is mentioned; and that the Petitioners submit to the House, that it will be of Public Utility if the said Corporations are em-VOL. 47.

fowered to grant, sell, or purchase Annuities upon jves, which no other Corporation now is and the granting and purchasing such Annuities arc nrquently in the Hands of improper and necessitous lVrsons, who make an exorbitant Gain thereby, to the great Detriment of Individuals and the Public in general, which would be in a great Measure (if not wholly) prevented, if a known Office, long established, was empowered so to do, and that the Powers granted in and by the said Letters Patent should be extended and enlarged to the granting, selling, or purchasing of Annuities upon Lives; and that, for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, the Petitioners apprehend it will be necessary that they and their Successors should be empowered to take and use some other Name or Names of Incorporation for the Purposes aforesaid, with Power to make, alter, and renew, a Seal, or Seals, for such Purpose, and that the falsely making, forging, counterfeiting, or altering such Seal or Seals, should be attended with sume Penalty or other Punishment: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to extend and enlarge the Powers granted in and by the said Letters Patent in the Particulars above mentioned, and also for the other Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir George Jackson presented to the House, accord- Mr. Turners ing to Order, a Bill for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use eie and Property of a certain Yellow Colour, of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Tow n of Berwick upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Cirencester returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend Flection the said Committee delivered into the House One of C(,nn, llU^c the said Lists, which had been struck by the said apponUc Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of George Vansittart, Esquire, and Francis Annesley,

Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Major General Adeanc, William Pochin, Esquire,

James Amyatt, Esquire, Sir George Jackson, Baronet, the Lord Viscount Parker, James Martin, Esquire, the Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, Henry Beaufoy,

Esquire, John Par doe, Esquire, the Honourable Crop-ley Ashley, William Sotheron, Esquire, John Rulte,

Esquire, the Lord Viscount Belgrave, George Vansittart,

Esquire, Francis Annesley, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, w ere sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew'.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthw ith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The House was moved, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 31st Day of January last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of His Majesty's said most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to making a suitable Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dutchess of York.

So ruuch of King’s Speech as relates to the Duke and Dutchess of York to he considered.

Ordered,

U.

Treaty on their Marriage referred.

Lambeth Poor Petition.

storth Grim-slonlnclosure Bill presented.

Wallingfen and Howden Roads Petition.

5* Mariti. A. 1792.

Ordered \That the Copy of the Treaty between His Majesty and the King of Prussia, on the Marriage of His Royal Highness the ’Duke of York, with Her Royal Highness the Princess Frederica Charlotte Catherine of Prussia, signed at Berlin, 26th January 1792; and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Mary at Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, in Vestry assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Inconveniences and Difficulties have arisen in the said Parish, which is of great Extent, respecting the present mode of collecting the Rates for the Relief of the Poor; and that it would be very advantageous if proper Powers were given to enable the said Parish to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors of the Poors Rate, and other Parochial Taxes of the said Parish, and for the better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the Poor belonging thereto, who are very numerous, and maintained at a great and heavy Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Parish of Saint Mary at Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors of the Poors Rate, and other Parochial Taxes of the said Parish, and for the better covernin^ regulating, maintaining, and employing the Poor of the said Parish, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Russell, Mr.

William Clement Finch, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Downe presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Grounds within the Parish of North Grimston, in the East Riding of the County of York And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates, or residing, within the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Navigation Bridge upon Wallingfen, through the Town of to

a Place called Booth Ferry, in the several Parishes of Howden and Eastrington, and in the Parish or Pa-

rochial Chapelry of Blacktoft, in the East Riding of the County of York, and also, the Road leading from Horcden to Howdendyke, within the Parish of Howden, and also, the Road from Howden to a certain Bridge called Wellam Bridge, in the Township of Spaldington, in the several Parishes of Howden and Eastrington, and in the several Parishes of Aughton and Bubwith, or one of them, in the said Riding, are in a very ruinous Condition, arid in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Downe, Mr. Dun-combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Lowther In-thereunder written, being Owners and Proprietors of Peti~ divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish of Lowther, in the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are, within the said Parish, Tracts of Commons or Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, wherein the Petitioners and others have Rights of Common; and that the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in their present State, are capable of being improved, and if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would be advantageous to the Petitioners and the several other Persons having Rights thereon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, to and amongst the Petitioners, and the several other Persons entitled to Right of Common therein, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That I-cave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowther and Sir Michael le Fleming do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Askham la* thereunder written, being Owners and Proprietors of closure Peti-divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Uon‘

Pai ish of Askham, in the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, Tracts of Commons or Waste Grounds and Commonable Lands, wherein the Petitioners and others have Rights of Common; and that the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in their present State, are capable of being improved, and if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would be advantageous to the Petitioners and the several other Persons having Rights thereon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, to and amongst the Petitioners and the several other Persons entitled to Right of Common therein, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowther and Sir Michael le Fleming do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Whitehaven thereunder written, being Trustees of the Harbour, H"rbour l’e* Town, and Port of Whitehaven, in the County of tUion' Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Trade and Navigation to and from the Town, Port, and Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, has of late Years been very much enlarged and amended, by virtue of the Powders given by the several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose, and is yet capable of further Improvement, to the great Advancement of His Majesty’s Revenue, the Increase of Shipping and Navigation, and the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the Town of Whitehaven, as well as the Kingdom at large: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge, regulate, improve, and maintain the said Harbour, Town, and Port, with such Alterations and Powers as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Michael le

Fleming, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

for A Petition of Albany Wallis, and Richard Traward, pre- of Norfolk Street in the Strand, Gentlemen, was pre-etl" sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That J- tile his Highness the Nabob of The Carnatic hath, by legal and authenticated Instruments, appointed the Petitioners his Law Agents, in Great Britain, to conduct and manage all his Law Concerns, as well in Parliament as otherwise; and that the Petitioners, as such Law Agents, in the Month of July last, received from his Highness a Representation and Petition under his Seal, addressed to the House, stating certain Facts and Grievances, and praying such Relief as to the House should seem meet, which said Representation and Petition the Petitioners were directed to deliver into the Hands of the Right honourable the Speaker of this House, together with a Letter from his Highness, requesting that the Speaker would present the said Representation and Petition to the House, and which the Petitioners delivered accordingly; and that the Speaker hath declined to present the said Representation and Petition, and hath returned the same to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to present to the House the said Representation and Petition of his Highness the Nabob of The Carnatic through the Hands of some Member of the House.

And Mr. Speaker having acquainted the House, That his Reasons for declining to offer the said Petition of his Highness the Nabob of The Carnatic to the House, did not arise from any Reference to the Contents of the said Petition, but from Respect to the Course of the Proceedings that is observed, when Petitions are offered to the House;

en. Ordered, That Leave be given to present the said Petition of his Highness the Nabob of The Carnatic, as desired by the said Albany Wallis and Richard Traward.

i-om Then a Representation and Petition of his High-nb ness the Nabob Wau Lau Jau, Hind, Omdat

a ul Mulk, Ausuph ud Dawlah, Unwcr ud Dien

Bahauder, Zuphar Jung, Sepah Saular, Sovereign and Soubahdar of The Carnatic, and Ballaghaut,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Empire of the Moguls in has subsisted

for several Ages, dispensing, by Favour of the Almighty God, the Blessings of a regular Government to a large Division of the Inhabitants of the Earth: That one Supreme Monarch, the King of the Moguls, rules over all the Kingdoms, Provinces, and Dominions, of the said extensive Empire: 1'hat the several Kingdoms, or Provinces, are governed by Princes, who derive their Right to Authority from the King of the Moguls by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Empire, and a solemn Investiture, on such Conditions as may have been mentioned and ordered in such Letters Patent: That inferior Rulers hold certain Districts under the said Nabobs or Princes, by whose Saned and solemn Investiture, the Authority and Rights of such inferior Rulers are constituted: That those inferior Rulers pay immediate Allegiance and Obedience, with a stated Annual Tribute, to the said Nabobs, for their Country, besides performing Military Service in War, and, when Peace comes, paying their Proportion of the Expences incurred, estimated by the usual Amount of their respective Revenues: That, upon the dutiful Behaviour of such inferior Rulers, the Possessions of the Father are granted to the Son, or nearest legitimate Kinsman, by a regular Saned or Commission, Vo L. 47.

and a new Investiture, upon paying the accustomed Fine of Succession: That no Succession is legal, nor can the Successor execute any legal Act of Power, until he has received such Saned or Commission, and such Investiture, from his immediate Superior the Nabob, who is Lord Paramount of the Country: That, when such inferior Rulers or Vassals commit any great public Crime, refuse to pay their Annual Tribute, evade or disobey Orders in attending their Superior in War with all their Forces, when they abet Enemies, encourage Conspiracies, or in any dangerous Degree prove faithless to their immediate Lord, they are fined, imprisoned, or subjected to absolute Forfeiture, in proportion to their Crimes: That, upon the Extinction of the legitimate Male Line of such Vassals, and their lawful Male Kindred, their Territories fall of Course to the Disposal of their Liege Lord: That the present Nabob of The Carnatic, as well as his Father ul dien Cawn Bahauder, have been Nabobs or Princes of that Kingdom or Country by all the legal and regular Grants and Investitures of the Empire of the Moguls: That the present Nabob succeeded his Father in the Year of the Christian Aira 1749, by all the legal and regular Grants, as Prince of the whole Kingdom of The Carnatic, from the River Cristua to Cape Comorin: That such Grants, and such Investitures, were renewed to him, with additional Rights, Immunities, Franchises, and Privileges, by the successive Kings of the Moguls, till at length, more than Four-and-Twenty Years ago, he received an Altumgah, or Free Grant, for ever, from the present King Shah Allum: That, by this Grant of total Independence, the Allegiance of all the Inhabitants of The Carnatic, whether Natives or Europeans, was transferred to him, as it had been possessed by their former Sovereigns the Kings of Delhi: That the Nabob’s Right to the Government, Royalty, and Dominion, of the whole Carnatic, has, to the present Day, remained unimpaired, undiminished, and unimpeached, by any Act, Deed, Compact, Treaty, Conquest, or other Ground or Pretence whatsoever: That he is of Right and de facto, independent of any Claim of Sovereignty by any Prince, Power, or State, upon Earth: That he is the legal, undisputed, and acknowledged Successor of the King of the Moguls, in all his Prerogatives and absolute Rights, over the whole Carnatic: That His Highness’s Father, as well as himself, became known to the great and gracious Kings of Great Britain, King George the Second, and His present Majesty King George the Third: That his Majesty, King George the Second, in Letters under his Royal Signature, and countersigned by the principal Secretary of his Kingdom, promised his Support to the present Nabob, as an Ally who merited and should receive his Protection: That, in consequence of the reciprocal Friendship between the King of Great Britain and the Nabob, and in Consideration of the undoubted Rights of the latter, he was guaranteed in the Possession of the whole Carnatic, by His Britaruiick Majesty and the French King, by the Eleventh Article of the definitive Treaty of Peace, concluded at Paris in the Year of the Christian A£ra 1763: That His Majesty the King of Great , acknowledging and

considering the Nabob as Sovereign of The Carnatic, wrote him many gracious Letters under His own Royal Hand, treating him as an independent Prince, and promising him and his Family His Royal and August Protection: That His Majesty sent to the Nabob, as an independent Sovereign, two several Embassies under the Great Seal of Great Britain: That his Rights to an absolute Independence are so self-evident and undeniable, that the East India Company, when on the worst Terms with the Nabob, declared solemnly on their Records, that they must acknowledge him to be a Sovereign Prince: That the English East India Company settled Factories in The

6 G Carnatic,

482 5° Martii. 1792.

Petition from Carnatic, as Merchants, carrying on their Business as the Nabob of such under the Protection of the Nabobs of the the amatic. Country: That, conformable to their confined Situation, they addressed their immediate Superior the Nabob by Arzee or Petition: That Anwar ul Cmm Bahauder, the Father of the present Nabob, when he arrived in his Government of The found them in their Factory, surrounded by something more like a Garden Wall than a Fort: That the Injustice of the French induced Amvar ul dien Cawn Bahauder to support the English, as well as himself, against such Injustice: That Anwar ul dien being killed in Battle by the French, and his Son, the present Nabob, having succeeded him, Ahmed Shah, the King of the Moguls, ordered his Subjects, the English Factories settled in The Carnatic, to obey him the Nabob, as the mediate Power between them and their Sovereign, the King of the Moguls: That the Governors of the said Factories wrote Arzees or Petitions of Thanks to the Mogul, for appointing the present Nabob to rule over them: That, during the long War, which the Ambition and Injustice of the French raised against the Nabob, the English Company uniting themselves with him as faithful Subjects of the Mogul, their joint Exertions, which were powerfully assisted by the King of Great Britain, became at length victorious over all their Enemies: That the Company’s Servants, after this signal Success, solemnly, under the Hand of their Governor, assured the Nabob, that their Wish and Resolution were to carry on their Business under his Protection, as they had done under the Protection of former Soubadars: That the Company were so thoroughly satisfied that the Nabob wag the legal and rightful Sovereign of The Carnatic, that they wrote circular Letters to all the inferior Rulers, who governed different Districts of the Country, and who, taking Advantage of the Misfortunes of the late Times, had acted a false and undutiful Part towards their Liege Lord: That, among other Rulers of less Note, they wrote to the Rajah of to obey

Orders and Commands, signifying by such Communication, that, should that Vassal prove refractory, they, as good Subjects, would unite their Arms with those of the Nabob against the Rajah as a Rebel: That, when the Business of the Country was settled, the Presidency of Fort Saint George, as Representatives of the English Company, entered into an Agreement with the Nabob, with this Expression, " being obedient to him;" That they declared that, " by the Blessing " of God, the w'hole Carnatic was entirely and firmly " established in the Nabob and his Posterity:" That they solemnly engaged, that as long as the English Settlements shall remain in The Decan, Bengal, and Hindostan, the Company’s People are diligently to use their Endeavours in promoting and assisting the Affairs of The Carnatic, in its Obedience to the Nabob, and in maintaining firm Friendship and Regard: That the Mind of the Nabob, being swayed by reciprocal Sentiments of Regard towards the English Company, granted them a large Jaghire, which they still hold under him as Lord Paramount: That the Grant of such Jaghire not only promoted their Opulence, but raised them to their political Situation in The Carnatic, which is that of perpetual Jaghiredars: That, after the fortunate Settlement of the Public Troubles, Peace, the Wish of all good Men, became the Commencement of Misfortune to the Nabob: That the Company’s Servants having, by the powerful Aid of the King of Great Britain, been of very signal and very effectual Service in expelling the Enemies of The Carnatic, began to mix their Hands with its internal Politics: That, under the Pretence of being unable to obtain Justice by Force from the Rajah of Tanjore, for his rebellious, treacherous, and dangerous Behaviour during the War, they entered v>

into a Treaty with him: That the Nabob, deeming the Terms of the Treaty very far from being adequate, was very unwilling to sign at; and that the President of Fort Saint George put the Nabob’s Chop by Force to the said Treaty: That the Nabob will not ascribe the Treaty to the Interests of Individuals, but will only observe, that it was a glaring Encroachment on his just and independent Rights, as Sovereign of all the Inhabitants of The Carnatic: That the Company’s Servants having forgot the Object of their Institution, which was Trade, in the Length of the War turned their Thoughts to other Views: That, by pressing the Nabob to pay his Debt to the Company, which he had incurred for their Aid during the Troubles, and that in Instalments too large for his Revenue, he was forced to involve himself by borrowing Money of Individuals at,a great Interest: That thus he became to be pressed by nearly the same Persons in a double Capacity; on the one Side as Managers of the Public Funds, on the other as partly the Proprietors of the Private Debts: That Distress thus began, and was followed up by various Misfortunes: That the Company’s Government, on the Score of his Distresses, assumed a high Tone, and as Creditors of the Nabob began to lessen his Authority, by interfering with his Government: That, to render him more subservient to their own domineering Spirit, they very industriously and successfully concealed from the Nabob his being guaranteed in all his Rights by the Eleventh Article of the Treaty of Paris: That he only heard of that Treaty at last through the Humanity of an English Gentleman, after the Presidency of Fort Saint George threatened to reduce him, the Nabob, to a mere nominal Nabob, like him of Bengal: That the Company’s Servants, availing themselves of the Nabob’s Ignorance of the Treaty, and of his want of Access to the Justice of the British Government and Nation, pressed and oppressed him as Avarice x>r other Passions prevailed: That they entered into a War without his Consent, but in his Name, and charged him with the Expences of it as his War: That he was thus exposed to a double Misfortune, his Country being ravaged by the Enemy, and being forced to extort from his exhausted Subjects such Sums as the Servants of the Company chose to charge him with, on account of their Masters: That the Nabob, worn out by Oppressions, and harassed by Extortions, resolved to convey his Complaints to the Ears of his Protector and the Guarantee of his Dominions, His Majesty the King of Great Britain: That he wrote a Letter to the Earl of Chatham, then His Majesty’s Minister, and who had corresponded with him the Nabob, as an Ally of Great Britain, Ten Years before: That, in consequence of his Letter, His Majesty was pleased to appoint an Ambassador, under the Great Seal, to inquire into the Grievances of the Nabob on the Spot: That the inferior and subordinate Rulers of Provinces and Districts of The Carnatic, perceiving that the Nabob’s Authority was invaded by the Company’s Servants, became refractory, disobedient, and treacherous, evading their Annual Tribute, refusing their Military Services, corresponding with Rebels, and abetting Enemies: That the most rich, and consequently the most powerful, the Rajah of Tanjore, though highly favoured in an Agreement made in the Year 1762, became, perhaps, upon that very Account, the least attentive to his Duty, and the most obstinate in his public and constitutional Delinquency: That, small as the Tribute was which he agreed to pay by that Treaty, he evaded the Payment of it by various and false Pretences: That he encouraged and corresponded with the Rebel Jsoph Cawn: That he abetted the Invasion of AH, and gave him

Money and Provisions for his Army: That he invited The Mahrattas to The Carnatic, and carried on

Intrigues

Intrigues with the different European Factories and Settlements on the Coast: That he refused to perform his Military Services when War was in the Country, though bound to give it upon the Requisition of the Superior: That, as a Proof of his Connivance with Hyder Ali, that Chief, when Superior in the Field, in-

sisted upon his being included as his Friend in the Treaty which he forced upon the Servants of the Company at the Gates of Madras: That he refused to pay his Proportion of the Expences of the War, though possessed of a very ample Revenue, and his Country being situated in the very Heart of The Carnatic, he was protected from all Danger by the Exertions of the Nabob and the English Nation: That the Conduct of this Rajah was altogether inexcusable, will appear from the following Facts: That the Part of The Carnatic which is called Tanjore is, as has been jlist mentioned, surrounded on Three Sides by the rest of The Carnatic: That the Fertility of the Country depends on the River Cavery, which, contrary to its natural Course, is forced into the Province of Tanjore, by a Mound of Earth, in a Place beyond its Limits: That from that Circumstance, and others unnecessary to be named, Tanjore has been always dependent on its Neighbours: That when a Hindoo Sovereign reigned over The Carnatic, the Naigs of Tanjore were his Feudatories, Vassals, and Subjects: That when the Hindoo Empire declined, it became a Part of the Conquest of the Patan Kingdoms of The Decan; and that when Trouble and Invasions directed their Forces and Attention to another Quarter, Tanjore, never intended, by its Situation and Nature, to be a separate Government, became dependent on the Rajahs of Tritchinopoly: That in the Years of the Christian uEra 1686, and 1G87, that great, wise, and fortunate King of the Moguls, the illustrious Allumgeer, having reduced the Kingdoms

of The Decan, became Sovereign of The Carnatic: That Allumgeer, having constituted one of his Nobles, Zulphucar Cawn Bahauder, Nabob of Arcot and The Carnatic, ordered him to reduce the Naig of Tanjore, who had raised Troubles by abetting the Designs of the Enemies of the King; That when the said Nabob was on his March to displace the Naig, the said Naig made the most humble Submissions to him the Nabob as his immediate Superior: That, in Consequence of his Submission, he was restored to his Government, upon the usual Terms given to Feudatories and Vassals; that is, upon paying an Annual Tribute of 300,000l., besides performing Military Service, with all his Forces: That to the said Naig, whose Name was Sahu-je, succeeded Shurfa-je; and to him Babu-Saheb, both of whom paid their Annual

Tribute, performed their Military Services, besides paying the usual Fine of Succession upon their respective Investitures to their immediate Liege Lord, the Nabob of Arcot:That, after some Troubles, which were settled and composed by the Decision of the Divan, or Council of the Nabob of The Carnatic, Sahu-je, the Second of the Name, became Rajah, by the Commission, Creation, and Investiture, of the said Nabob: That Sahu-je, becoming disobedient and refractory, was afterwards imprisoned by his Liege Lord Sepadar Ali, Nabob of Arcot, who made his own Preceptor, Sheik Assud, Governor of Tanjore: That, in ’ Troubles which followed,

Sahu-je was again restored; but, being a Second Time deprived of Tanjore, one Pertaub Sing was raised to the Dignity of Rajah, by Saned of Abdalla Cawn, Nabob of The Carnatic; in which he was afterwards confirmed by the Nabob Anwar ul Dien Cawn, the Father of the present Nabob: That Pertaub Sing becoming negligent in paying his Tribute, and otherwise refractory, Anwar ul Dien Cawn, Nabob of The Carnatic, was obliged to march against him, and, having defeated and chastised him, received VoL. 47.

him to his Protection, upon paying his Arrears, and the Expence of the Expedition: That the English Company’s Government fired their Guns, and made other Demonstrations of Joy, when they heard of the Nabob’s Victory over his Vassal, and congratulated him in an Address on that Victory: That when the Nabob was unfortunately killed in Battle by the French, and other Rebels, in July 1749, much Trouble ensued in The Carnatic: That a War being kindled, in which the French assisted a false Nabob, and the English, as good Subjects of the Empire, having stood forth in Support of the legal Nabob, his present Highness of The Carnatic, Pertaub Sing, proved false to his immediate Lord: That he evaded the Payment of his Annual Tribute, and refused Compliance, upon Requisition, of the Military Services he was bound to perform by the Nature of his Tenure: That he secretly abetted the French, and corresponded with their Rulers, whilst he amused, betrayed, and deceived, his Lord Paramount, and his Friends the English: That by these Means he saved his Revenue, and became rich, and thus, by his Influence or his Power, induced the English Presidency to make the said Treaty of 17(>2: That, however, the Treaty of 1762 related only to Matters of Account, and the future Amount of the Annual Peish-cush, or Tribute; and that, consequently, it left the Constitutional Rights of the Nabob over Tanjore unimpaired and entire: That Pertaub Sing dying in December 1763, his Son Tulja-je, in consequence of the Nabob’s Promise to the Father, was raised, by Saned and Investiture, to the Putt of Tanjore, upon paying the usual Fine of Succession to his Lord: That the first Act of his Power was to assassinate all his legitimate Male Relations, making himself the last of his Family: That he was as perfidious, and more abandoned than his Father, was guilty of every public Breach of Duty, Allegiance, and Faith: That the Directors of the East India Company were so much offended at his Conduct, that they sent positive Orders to their Servants at Madras to assist the Nabob in bringing the said Tulja-je, his Vassal, to a severe Account, for his multiplied Delinquencies: That those Orders were not executed by the Presidency of Fort St. George, on account of the political State of the surrounding Powers when the Orders arrived, the Nabob himself being unwilling to drive Matters to any Extremity on the same Account: That the Rajah, continuing a System of Delinquency, presumed to take up Arms against his Neighbours and Fellow Vassals, the Subjects and Dependents of the Nabob: That the English Presidency, as well as the Nabob, when they remonstrated against the Conduct of Tulja-je, were treated by him with Inattention, Insolence, and Contempt: That the Nabob, and the Presidency, were obliged, through Necessity, to have Recourse to Arms: That their Troops, in conjunction with the eldest Son of the Nabob, attacked and besieged Tanjore, and, a Breach being made, the Rajah agreed to Terms equally dissatisfactory to the Nabob and to the Presidency: That the Besiegers had scarce removed their Troops from the Sight of the Rajah, when he began, or rather renewed, his Connection with Hyder and The Mahratlas, then the Enemies of The Carnatic: That he continued his Intrigues with the French, Dutch, and Danes: That he not only left unperformed the Articles of his late Agreement, but broke the Treaty of 1762, by evading the Payment of his Tribute, the Settlement of Accounts, and the Amount of the Annual Tribute, being the sole Objects of that Treaty: That, while he refused to pay his just Peishcush to his Superior, he aided the Enemies of that Superior with Money, Provisions, and every Species of Assistance, to induce and enable them to invade The Carnatic: That the Presidency of Fort Saint George, urged by the Necessity of preventing the dangerous Efforts of the Rajah in the very Heart of The Carnatic, again joined their Forces with

those

Petition from the Nabob of the Carnatic.

484 5° Martii. A. 17921

Petlj"°"from those of the Nabob, to chastise, and, should he prove Attachment to the English Interests, he agreed to as-

the Carnatic. °bstinate> to reduce entirely this refractory and hostile sign his Revenue, towards maintaining it, into the Vassal: That knowing the Tenure of the Company Hands of the Company’s Servants, upon certain Sti-in the Country, and that they had no Right to inter- pulations and Conditions, and for a Time limited: fere but as Guardians of the Public Safety, they That as soon as the Collection of the Revenue came

solemnly declared that they only acted as Auxili- into the Hands of the Company’s Servants, they

aries in the Expedition: That they stipulated the seized the whole Authority of the Nabob, who was Conquest, if any Conquest should be made, should thereby disgraced in the Eyes of his Subjects, and of belong to, and be put in Possession of, the Nabob, all the Powers of India: That, although the Nabob the Principal in the War: That accordingly the Ex- was severely aggrieved by such Invasion and Oppres-pence of the Expedition should be paid by him, as he sion, the Company were not benefited by the Mea-

only was to derive any Benefit from the Success which sure, the Country yielding much less under the new

might follow: That the Capital and the Country Collectors, than it had done to the Nabob: That the should remain in his Hands, in the double Capacity Nabob, and his Family, and Dependents, were re-of Conqueror and Lord Paramount, for that, as the duced to Want and Distress by the Smallness and Company did not appear as Principals in the War, Irregularity of the Payment of the Portion allotted they had no Claim to the Rewards of Victory: That for his Subsistence; and that he languished for several under such Stipulations, and many others of a similar Years under the Indignity and Pressure of his Mis-Kind, too tedious to mention, the united Forces of fortunes: That, when Peace was established between the Nabob and the Company, took Tanjore, the Ca- the Crowns of Great Britain and France, His Sacred pital of the Province of that Name: That the Rajah, Majesty the King of Great Britain agreed to intercede, having alienated a Part of the Country to the Dutc, with His Ally the Nabob, for the Cession of additional without the Knowledge or Consent of his Liege Lord, Territories to the French on the Coast: That, not-the Presidency declared that their Duty would notwithstanding this implied Intercession, considerable be fully performed, without placing the Country, as Districts of The Carnatic were delivered to the French well as the Capital, in the Hands of the Nabob: by the Presidency of Fort Saint George, without asking That the Nabob, to prevent the Effusion of Blood, either the Consent or Acquiescence of the Nabob: and every Pretence of a Difference between the Eng- That Orders were sent from , in 1784, which

lish and Dutch, agreed to pay to the latter the Money arrived in June 1785, to restore his Country and Re-which they had advanced to the Rajah, or pretended venue to the Nabob; that in these Orders it was to have advanced, for the Districts in their Possession: mentioned, that the Nabob should consent to pay

That, thus, the Province of Tanjore, independent of Annually Twelve Lacks of Pagodas to his Public and his Rights as Superior, became the undoubted Pro- Private Creditors: That the Government of Fort Saint perty of the Nabob, as the acknowledged and unde- George demanded Four Lacks of Pagodas more for the niable Principal in a War, which terminated in Con- current Expences, in all Sixteen Lacks of Pagodas: quest, the most indisputable and irreversible Title that That the Nabob complained of the Burden of this can be acquired by the Law of Nature and Nations: Sum, ns too great for the Ability of his Country,

That Tanjore, thus acquired, remained and flourished fresh from the Devastations of War: That he signi-in the Hands of the Nabob for more than Two fied his Wishes, as the Public Expence of Defence Years: That the Company, swayed by Motives dif- must of Necessity be defrayed, to have his Annual ferent from any Adherence to Justice, or Public Payments of Debts lessened, from which little In-Faith, interfered with the most sacred Rights of their convenience would arise, as it would be only extend-Superior in The Carnatic, and restored as Principals a ing the Payment of a Debt, for which Interest would Conquest, in the making of which they were paid as be regularly given, to a small Portion of Time be-Mercenaries: That, with innumerable Aggravations yond what wras originally intended: That this would of Injustice, they took to themselves the very Dis- give Ease to the distressed Subjects of The Carnatic, tricts w’hich the Nabob had redeemed, with a large and enable the Sovereign to restore the Country to its Sum, from the Dutch, and that so regardless were former Prosperity, by encouraging the Cultivation: they of the smallest Constitutional Rights of the Lord That Orders, which must be allowed to be founded Paramount, that they took no Care for the discharg- on the Principles of Equity, were sent to the Presi-ing of the small Tribute stipulated by the Treaty of dency of Fort Saint George, that the Company, in the 1762: That the flagrant Breach of the Public Faith, Proportion to their Revenue on the Coast, should pay made by the Restoration of Tanjore, was followed by their Share of the Public Expence: That, on this various and grievous Encroachments on the remain- Principle, the Nabob’s Proportion, under a wrong ing Rights of the Nabob: That he was stript of all Estimate of his Revenue, was calculated at Nine Dignity and Authority* among his Subjects, by being Lacks of Pagodas: That this Sum, added to the denied the Freedom of entertaining a few Troops for Twelve Lacks paid to his Public and Private Credi-enforcing the Laws, and protecting his Person: That, tors, increased his Annual Kists to Twenty-one Lacks contrary to the Privilege of a Prince and Sovereign, of Pagodas: That his nett Receipts, even in the very his Family and Servants have been wantonly insulted best Years, and in the most prosperous Times, seldom by the Operation of the Company’s Law Court within amounted to that Sum: That they had fallen much his Territories, and even within his Residence: That, below that Amount, through the Devastations of War, contrary to the Law of Nations, The Carnatic has and a general and destructive Drought: That the been involved in War, without either the Consent or Kists, stipulated to be paid to the Company, are far Participation of its Sovereign; and that he was from being the whole of the Expences of the Nabob: obliged to pay a very large Portion of the Expence: That to keep his Country from absolute Ruin, he must

That although the Province of Tanjore yields a great maintain Public Works, repair Tanks and Water-Revenue, and ought to yield more, no Proportion courses, and give Money to the poor Ryots, to of the Expences of the War was demanded of the enable them to cultivate their Lands: That he is Rajah: That, when Peace was concluded in The - bound, by every Tye, to pay Sums, for Charitable natic, the Name of the Nabob, the Sovereign of the Uses, to support his Relations and their Families, to-Country, was not mentioned in the Treaty; while, to gether with the old Servants and Dependents of him-add to this severe Indignity, the Names of some of self and his Father: That, besides, he is obliged to his Vassals and Dependents were inserted, and their support some Kind of decent Dignity, as Prince of Interests included in that Treaty. That although the Country, and to maintain a numerous Family of the War was not the Nabob’s War, to manifest his Children: That the fundamental Laws, on which the

Rights

1

32 Geo. III.

5° Martii.

485

Rights of the Nabob of The Carnatic are founded, are deeply affected with respect to The Jaghire and District of Ami: That Zulphucar Cecum Nabob of

The Carnatic, confirmed one Raw in that Jag-

hire on the usual Conditions: That the said Conary Raw was to take Care of, and to keep the Fort in Repair, to pay Monthly the Garrison, to send their Receipts to the King’s Office as Vouchers, to treat the Soldiers with Kindness, and to pay every Attention to their Rights, to engage their Fidelity and Attachment to the King: That the said Conary Row should pay a Yearly Peishcush into the King’s Treasury; and, in the Event of a War in The Carnatic, to pay his Share of the Expences thereof, in Proportion to the Revenue of the Jaghire, as settled by the Nabob of the King; " That, in case he should act contrary to " those Duties, he must look upon himself as dispossessed, and under the Displeasure of the King That during the Troubles, which infested The Carnatic for several Years, the Killedar of Ami took Advantage of the Misfortunes of the Times, by withdrawing his Obedience: That he oppressed the People of the Jaghire, being under no Apprehension of Controul: That he attacked his Neighbours and Fellow Subjects, and gave Protection to Robbers, Murderers, and all Criminals who fled from Justice: That he was guilty of all the Crimes that constitute Public Delinquency, in the Eyes of any regular Government: That the Presidency of Fort Saint George concurred in Opinion with the Nabob, as to the Expediency of removing the Killedar: That he was accordingly deprived of his Command, and the Military Stipend, arising from the Jaghire, was taken away, but that he and his Family were provided with an Allowance, for an honourable Subsistence: That, notwithstanding the Concurrence of the Presidency in depriving so dangerous a Man of Power, they restored to him the Emoluments formerly allotted for the Military Service of the State: That the Fort and its Expence were left to the Nabob; and the whole Revenue given to the Killedar and his Friends: That an ample Revenue, received without Deduction, promoted Disputes and Dissentions among themselves: That the Circles of Trouble spreading to the neighbouring Country, the Servants of the Company, as well as the Nabob, were alarmed: That the Presidency accordingly gave their Advice and Concurrence to the Nabob in resuming the Jaghire: That the Nabob accordingly resumed it, and paid a Monthly Allowance to the Killedar and his Family, till Ali, having ravaged Ami, with other Parts of The Carnatic, in the Year 1780, deprived it of all Resources: That Ami, with the rest of The Carnatic, fell under the Management of the Servants of the Company by the Deed of Assignment: That when the rest of The Carnatic was restored to the Nabob, was not restored: That such Conduct is an unjustifiable Interference with the independent Rights of the Nabob: That, besides his Loss of Revenue, he is dishonoured, by the Measure, in the Eyes of India; as the Nature of Things, as well as the Matter of Fact, proves, that the Killedar could not possibly have been permitted to have any indefeasible Right, in a Place within a few Miles of the Capital of The Carnatic: That on the 31st of January 1787, Tulja-je, Rajah of Tanjore, died, leaving none existing of the legitimate Line of his Family: That the Nabob, as Lord Paramount of the Country, made a Requisition to the Company’s Governments in India, to place Tanjore under his Administration, according to the universal Laws of the East: That the View of the Nabob’s Requisition was, not only the Preservation of the undoubted and indisputable Rights of his Government and Sovereignty, but to secure the Peace of The Carnatic, which Nature intended, and Policy required, hould be under One Government: That, adding Advantage to Justice, the Nabob made Proposiils, Vol. 47-

which could not fail to render the Affairs of the English Petition from Nation, on the Coast, prosperous: That the whole hie N;iW»oi Revenue of Tanjore is estimated, at present, at no the more than Ten Lacks of Pagodas; which may justly be ascribed to the loose, profligate, and oppressive Government of the Country, alter it was unjustly wrested from the Hands of the Nabob, in 1776: That the Company only receive, out of that Sum, Four Lacks of Pagodas, for the general Defence: That the Nabob proposed, that the whole Revenue of Tanjore (after defraying the Charges of Collection, and providing such a reasonable Subsistence for the Remains of Tuljaje's Family, as the Company’s Government should think proper) should be appropriated, and set apart, for the Military Service of The Carnatic: That to render this Offer more determinate and explicit, the Nabob engaged to realize, the First Year Eleven Lacks; the Second Year Thirteen Lacks; and from the Third Year Fifteen Lacks of Pagodas Annually, to be paid to the Company, and to be applied to the general Exper.ce: That this last mentioned Sum is One Third more than the whole estimated Revenue of the Country at present; and near Four Times as much as the Company now receive from Tanjore, towards the Public Defence: That the Company’s Governments acceding to the Nabob’s Proposals would perfectly secure The Carnatic from all Foreign Invasion:

That the Public Finances would flourish, and the Army be formidable: That the Company, instead of being almost destitute of Commerce, as at present, might apply their whole Revenue, amounting to near Twenty Lacks of Pagodas, to the Purposes of Investment: That a Subject of such Importance w ill prove an Excuse for Repetitions, that the Nabob is the Sovereign and Lord Paramount of Tanjore, which was left w ithout Heirs, by the Death of Tidjaje: That, by the Laws of India, and those of all Countries in the World where the Feudal Government exists, a Territory left without Heirs reverts to the Sovereign: That the East India Company are no more than Subjects in That in Bengal they are Dew'ans; but only Jaghirdars in The Carnatic: That neither as Dewans of Bcngaly which Country hath nothing to do with The Carnatic; nor as Jaghirdars on the Coast, where their very Tenure marks them as Subjects, they have the smallest Shadow of a Title to interfere with the Constitutional Rights of their Lord Paramount: That, however, the Constitutional Rights of the Nabob, with respect to Tanjore, were overlooked or neglected:

That the Offers of an immense Advantage to the Company and British Nation were disregarded: That a Natural Son of the late Pertaub Sing, w ho had been more than Twelve Years a Prisoner, was placed in the Government of Tanjore: That neither a Saned of Succession, nor an Investiture, were either asked from, nor given by, the Nabob; without which no legal Government can possibly exist in Tanjore: That, thus, the Nabob is grievously injured, in his nearest, dearest, and most sacred Rights: That the Company and British Nation are much injured in point of Finance: That an Example of Encroachment is exhibited to the Eyes of all India; and a Government established, in one of its Provinces, which, having its Foundation on no Right, cannot dispense Justice, the great End of all Government: That, when the Treaty of February 7 787 was negociating between the Nabob and the Madras Government, he represented to them, that the Sums demanded from him were of such a vast Magnitude as he was fully convinced his Country was by no Means able to bear; and Governor Campbell, in consequence of the Nabob's Representations, agreed, in a public Letter, previous to the Execution of the Treaty, that an Abatement of Two Lacks of Pagodas per Annum should be made in his Kists, if the Revenues were formed unequal to the Payment: That the Company's Servants have refused to allow him this Annual

6 II Abatement,

486 6° Mart . 1792.

Petition from Abatement; though the Nabob offered to submit the Nabob of the Accourtts of his Receipts to the Inspection of the Carnatic. such Persons as the Governor and Council should think proper to appoint for that Purpose: That by the said Treaty of 1787, it was stipulated, that in the Event of any Failure in the Kists from the want of Rain, or other unforeseen Calamities, a Deduction should be made to the Extent of the Injury which the Revenues might thereby sustain: That the Company’s Servants have also refused to conform to this Stipulation, and to allow him any Deduction in his Kists on Account of Failure in his Revenues from the want of Rain, though it was well known to them that they had suffered in a very great Degree from an unusual Drought of Four successive Years, and their own Jaghire had suffered greatly from the same Cause, and for which they had granted Remission to their own Rentors: That by the same Treaty it was agreed and stipulated, that the Nabob should be furnished Annually with an accurate Account, shewing the Number of Troops maintained, and the Names and Situations of the Garrisons supported by the Annual Contributions, and particularly the Troops and Garrisons maintained by the Nine Lacks of Pagodas Annually contributed by his Highness to the general Defence: That it is now upwards of Three and a Half Years since the Execution of that Treaty, yet the Nabob has not been furnished with any Account whatever, not even of the Dividends made to his private Creditors, and though he is to pay nearly One Half of the Expences of the late War in

Carnatic, and the Company receive Yearly about Four Lacks of Pagodas under that Head, yet they will not ascertain the Quantum of those Expences, or furnish him with any Account to shew when his Payments therein are to have an End: That, by the 15th Article of the aforesaid Treaty, it is also stipulated, that, whenever the Company shall enter into any Negocia-tions wherein the Interests of The Carnatic, and its Dependencies, may be concerned, the President in Council of Fort Saint George shall communicate the Proceedings to his Highness the Nabob of The Carnatic, as the firm Ally of the Company, and that he shall be informed of all Measures which shall relate to the declaring of War, or making Peace with any of the Princes of Hindostan, so far as the Interests of The Carnatic may be immediately concerned therein, and the Name of his Highness shall be inserted in all Treaties regarding The Carnatic: That great Preparations for War were made for several Months together, and Negociations entered into with the Nizam and the MahrattaStates, and Treaties finally made with those Powers, by the Company’s Governments in India: That, so far from conforming to that Article of the Treaty, the Nabob was not informed of any of the Proceedings regarding those Negociations, until after they had been concluded, and the Treaties executed, and even then no further than being furnished with Copies of the Treaties with the Nizam and The Mahrattas, in which neither his Name, nor The Ca, are so much as mentioned: That the Army has been assembled, and Hostilities have been commenced against Tippoo, for several Months past, without giving the Nabob any Information relative to the Operations of the War, though he is expected to pay nearly One Half the Expence thereof: That the Grain of his Country, in which the greatest Part of his Revenues consists, the Ploughing Cattle, and the Husbandmen, were seized for the Use of the Army, whereby he was deprived of the Means of realizing the actual Resources of his Country: That, after having taken these Steps, the Company’s Government at Madras drew up an incorrect and unjust Account against the Nabob, by suppressing the Reduction to be made on the new Arrangement, and the Allowance to be granted by Treaty

for Failure of Crops in bad Seasons, whereby they made appear a large Balance in Favour of the Company, and, without so much as comparing it with the Nabob’s Statement, thus transmitted it to the Government General of Bengal, which was thereby erroneously led to order the Sequestration of his Country:

That, in direct Breach of the aforesaid Treaty of 1787, and in Defiance of the Laws of Nations, they carried the said Orders of the Government General into the most rigorous Execution, seized the Administration of his Country by Force of Arms, committed Acts of Barbarity towards many of his principal Servants and Subjects, Men of Family and Distinction, throughout the Countries, and, in the Face of all the Princes and Powers, and the European Nations, in , in the Face of his Enemies, and of his own Subjects and Dependents, have indelibly injured his Honour, insulted his Dignity, and reduced him to the mere Shadow of the Prince of The Carnatic: That the Nabob has now been the most faithful and stedfast Ally of the English Nation, during a Period of near Fifty Years:

That he has gone Hand in Hand with them at all Times of Adversity as well as Prosperity, and has devoted his whole Life and Fortune to their Welfare:

That, after all, instead of enjoying Repose and Tranquillity, which he had expected would have been the Reward of his long and faithful Attachment to the English Nation, his latter Days are embittered with aggravated Misfortune and Affliction, and his grey Hairs treated with Derision and Contempt: That there are many other Grievances under which the Nabob labours, but which the establishing a general Line, that must not be transgressed, will remove:

That, in setting forth the Grievances he has explained, he has avoided to accuse or blame Individuals: That Redress is his Object, and not Revenge; and that, content with receiving Justice for the future, he wants no Retribution for past Injuries: That he is willing to ascribe some Public Encroachments upon his Rights to the Company’s being ignorant of the Limits of their own; and far be it from his Heart to lay to the Charge of a great Nation, whom he esteems, admires, and loves, those Enormities, Encroachments, and Oppressions, which Passions of various Kinds have suggested to Individuals: That the Nabob of The Carnatic sends this his Petition to the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, as the Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, and their Concerns, are peculiarly under their Inspection and Controul: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to do in them as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Peter Bonders and Company, Henry paper ntDg. Isherzcood and Company, William , Abraham Hall, ing Manu--

Birch, and Ouvry, Joseph Knight, John Tootle, John fecturer* Owen, Joseph Cox, Joseph Reekes and Sharp, - Petition'

ton, John Wheeley, Joseph Tayler, and Benjamin Crompton and Son, the principal Paper Hanging Manufacturers of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for several Years, been extensively engaged in the Business of Paper Hanging Manufacturers, and, from the great Improvements which they have made therein at a very considerable Expence, the Petitioners hoped to have at least participated the Profits derived from the increased Demand for Paper Hangings, but in which reasonable Expectation they have, from the herein after Circumstances, been disappointed; that, by a certain Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was enacted, that a Duty of 75 /. per Centum should, from and after the 10th Day of May 1787, be charged on all painted

Paper

32 Geo. III. 5° Martii. 487

Paper or Paper Hangings for Rooms, imported from Foreign Parts, and the said Duties being very unequal to the Duties paid by the British Manufacturers of Paper, printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, and the Price of Labour in Foreign Parts being considerably less than that paid by the Petitioners, and the Importers of Foreign printed, painted, and stained Paper having it in their Power very easily to evade the Payment of the aforesaid Duty, the Revenue, as also the Petitioners, are seriously prejudiced by the same; and that, by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Paper, printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, certain Regulations are prescribed for protecting the Revenue from Fraud and Imposition, and by which Regulations the Petitioners have proceeded in the Conduct and Management of their several Manufactories, the same being favourable to the Interests of the Revenue, and in no material Particular inconvenient to the Individual; and that several Persons, in order to evade the Payment of the Duties imposed by the said Act on printed, painted, and stained Paper, and availing themselves of the Increase of Demand for Paper Hangings, do make and vend a Species of Blue Blossom, and Coloured Paper, for papering and hanging Rooms, and which Paper, being dyed at the Mill, is not chargeable with the Duties on Paper, printed, painted, or stained, whereby the Trade of the Petitioners is greatly injured, and the Revenue much decreased; and representing to the House, that, for want of some further Regulations for the better securing of all Duties on Foreign Paper Hangings imported into Great Britain, similar to the Regulations made for securing the Duties on Paper Hangings manufactured in Great Britain, and a proportionable Duty being laid thereon, not only the Revenue has already been, and is still liable to be, very considerably diminished, but the Paper Hanging Manufactory of Great Britain is extremely injured, and will be rendered of little or no Value: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, containing such Provisions as shall appear best calculated to meet and remove the several Inconveniences complained of.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Leadbetter, Charles Hougham, Peter William Bullock, Charles John Bussell,

Charles Smith, and Thomas Conder, late Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City of and of

George Seddon, Thomas Skinner, Samuel Jacam, Thomas Isherwood, Francis Gilding, and John Clarke, Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, by virtue of several Orders made at General Vestries, held for the said Parish, were directed to borrow by Annuities upon Lives several Sums of Money, to be applied in the Repairs of the Parish Church, and building a New Workhouse for the Poor of the said Parish, and the Petitioners caused Advertisements to be published in the Daily Papers, stating their Intention to raise such Money by Annuities upon Lives, and desired Proposals in Writing might be sent to them for that Purpose, the lowest of which were invariably accepted; and that the Petitioners, in Compliance with the Directions of such General Vestries, executed Bonds Vol. 47.

for securing to the said Annuitants the regular Payment of their respective Annuities, which were charged upon, and payable out of, the Rates and Assessments of the said Parish; and that the Whole of the Money so raised was applied in the Repair of the said Parish Church, and building a New Workhouse for the said Palish, and the said Annuities were regularly paid until Lady Day 1791, when the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish refused to continue such Payments, upon the Ground that they were not compellable by Law; and that several of the said Annuitants have threatened to put their Bonds in Suit against the Petitioners, whereby the Petitioners may sustain great Losses, and be put to much Inconvenience; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that the said several Annuitants have petitioned the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for their Relief: And therefore praying.

That such Relief may be given to the said Annuitants as to the House shall appear just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to Burford, whom the Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Leachlade, Traders, and others, of the Counties of Oxford, Berks,

Gloucester, and Wilts, whose Names are thereunto tioa reported, subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and building of Bridges, had been complied with; but that the Three Newspapers for the County of Wilts, in which the Notices were inserted as to that Part of the Road lying within the said County, were not produced, but a Member present informed the Committee that he saw such Notices advertised in those Newspapers Three Times in the Month of September last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Charles Stephens being examined, said, That the Road leading from Burford, in the County of Oxford, to Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, through the several Places described in the Petition, is in many Paris in a very ruinous Condition, very narrow and incommodious, and in some Parts subject to Floods —

That the Road is Part of a very material Communication between the Northern and the South and South West Parts of the Kingdom, and, if effectually repaired, would be beneficial to the Public.

Mr. James C.rmdy being examined, said, That an Extension of the said intended Road to the Town of Highworth, in the County of Wilts, by building a Bridge over the River Thames or Isis, and from thence to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in the said County, according to the Line described in the Petition, would render the Communication before mentioned complete.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from the Town of Burford, in the County of Oxford to Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, and for making a Road from thence to the River or Thames, for building a Bridge across the said River, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road leading from Leachlade to Inglesham, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said last mentioned Road, to and through the Town of Highuvrth, in the County of Wilts, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in the same County:

And that Mr. Goddard and Sir James Tylney Long do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr.

5° Martii. A. 1792.

Bradford Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Resented Order, a Bdl for making, amending, and keeping in p ' Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Mason's , near the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near B Bridge, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Knooke In- A Bill for dividing, and allotttng in Severalty, the

committed Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Knooke, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Sir James Tylney Long,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Coventry A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty

Petition5* Coventry, and of the Vicars, Church-

wardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint John the Baptist, and The Holy Trinity, in the said City, and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, paying to the Relief of the Poor of and within the said several Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said several Parishes are very numerous, and are maintained at a great and burthensome Expence; and that uniting the said Parishes with respect to the Maintenance of the Poor, and providing a convenient House for their general Reception, and obtaining proper Powers for their Government, Regulation, and Employment, would tend not only to the more effectual Relief, Assistance, and Accommodation, of such as by Age, Infirmities, and Diseases, are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, but also to the Employment of the Industrious, and such as are able to work, to the Correction and Punishment of the Idle, Refractory, and Profligate, to the Education of the Infant Poor in Habits of Obedience, Industry, and Religion, and generally to the Advantage of themselves and the said several Parishes, whereby the Poor, instead of being wholly supported by the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, would contribute to the Assistance and Relief mutually of each other, and be of some Advantage to the said Parishes to which they have hitherto been only a heavy and grievous Burthen; and that the Church Yards or Burial Ground belonging to the Churches of Saint Michael and The Holy Trinity, in the said City, are too small for the Burial of the Dead within those Parishes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said several Parishes, and for purchasing Burial Ground within those Parishes, in such Manner, under such Regulations and Restrictions, and with such Powers and Authorities for the effecting the above Purposes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Wilmot, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Chapel-en-le- ^r- Howard reported from the Committee, to whom Frith, kc the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Roads Peti- principal Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, residing in . or turn reported. near Towns of Chapel-en-le-Frith, ChapelMiltown,

Chinley, Hayfield, Charlesworth, Chunal, Whitfield, Pad-field, and Glossop, in the County of Derby, and of Huddersfield, and its Vicinity, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. James Mander, being examined, said, That great Part of the Roads lying between Chapel and Enterclough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and from the Village of Hayfield to Marple Bridge, and from the Village of Glossop to Claylands Gate, near the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Mottram to Wood-head, is in many Places so narrow and confined, and, in Winter and rainy Seasons, so ruinous as to be dangerous for Passengers, and impassable for Waggons and other heavy Carriages.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith to, or near to, Enterclough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and also the Road from the Village of Hayfield to Marple Bridge, in the said County, and also the Road from the Village of Glossop to a certain Gate called Claylands Gate, in the Township of dendale, on, or near to, the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Mottram to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester: And that Mr. Howard, and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Charles Coxe, of the City of Bath, R0(jmarton, Esquire, and Charles Westley Coxe, of Kemble, in the &c.inclosure County of Wilts, Esquire, was presented to the House, and Bounfory and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the PetlUoa’ Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, in the County of Gloucester, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open and Common Downs, and also within the Parish of Sapperton, in the said County, a few Acres of Land which are laid to, and lie open with, the said Common Fields, and the said Open Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Open and Common Downs, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that there are also, within the said Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, several Waste Lands and other Commonable Places, which are at present of small Value to the several Persons interested therein; and that the Petitioners, Charles Coxe, and Charles Westley Coxe, as the eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the said Charles Coxe, are Lords of the Manor of Rodmarton aforesaid, and also of the Manor of Tarleion, within the said Parish of Rodmarton, and that Joseph Tombs, of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, Esquire, and William Tombs, of Coates aforesaid, Gentleman, are Lords of the Manor of Coates aforesaid, and that the said Charles Westley Coxe is also Lord of the Manor of Culkerton, within the said Parish of Rodmarton, wherein Part of the said Lands and Grounds are situate, and that the Reverend Samuel Lysons is Patron of the Rectory of Rodmarton aforesaid, and the said Joseph Tombs and William Tombs are Patrons of the Rectory of Coates aforesaid, and that the said Samuel Lysons, Joseph Tombs, and William Tombs, have the Presentation of and to the said Rectories of the respective Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates aforesaid, and that the Reverend John Chaunler is the present Incumbent of the Rectory of Coates aforesaid, and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands, and also to all the Tythes, both Great and Small, arising within the said Parish of Coates, except of such Parts of the said Lands as are Tythe-

iclo-

pre-

Cen-

l

re-

32 Geo. III. 5° Marta.

4?9

free, and that the said Samuel Lysons is the present Incumbent of the Rectory of Rodmarton, aforesaid, apd as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands, and all the Tythes, both Great and Small, arising within the said Parish of Rodmarton, except of such Parts of the said Lands as are Tythe-free; and that the said Charles Coxe, Charles Westley Cose, the Right honourable Lord Ducie, Joseph Tombs, Tombs, Samuel

Lysons, John Chaunler, Richard and several

other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, and are entitled to Right of Common thereon, or to some Part thereof; and that the said Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates lie greatly intermixed within the Common Fields in the Tything of Tarleton, and the Shears or Bounds which formerly distinguished the Boundaries or Extent of the said respective Parishes having been, from Time to Time, ploughed up and destroyed, it is now impossible to distinguish, set out, and ascertain the particular Pieces and Parcels of Land in each respective Parish, or the particular Boundaries thereof, and also for the said Rectors of the said Parishes where to take, or for the several Occupiers of the said Lands where to set out, thsir several Tythes; and that it will fre extremely advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds to have the same divided and allotted, and specific Allotments made to them, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests therein, and to have the said Lands and Grounds, which intermix the said Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates in Manner aforesaid, brought as much together as possible into each respective Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for obtaining an Act to effect the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Howard, Captain Berkeley, and Mr. Master, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing, and leasing or letting, certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Colton, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor’s Rate in the said Parish, and for making Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Nobility, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Rennie being examined, said, That by a Survey lately taken, it appears that a Navigable Canal may be made from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, by the Way of Burton, Lancaster, stang, Preston, and Chorley- — That one Branch may be made from a Place at or near to War ton

Cragg, and another Branch may be made from Gale-moss, by Chorley, to Du.vbury. 1

Vol. 47.

Mr. John Wakefield being examined, said. That the making such Canal will be of great Benefit to all Persons having Lands and Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, as at the Southern Extremity of the said Canal there are immense Mines of Coal, and at the Northern Extremity inexhaustible Mountains of Limestone, and that all the intermediate Country is in great Want of those Articles, so necessary for the Cultivation of Land and the Improvement of Manufactures, and that, by connecting the Port of Lancaster with so large a Tract of Country, very considerable Advantages must be derived.

Mr. Bryan Grey, Mr. Samuel Grand Mr. son Mason, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Wakefield.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near War ton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch, from, at, or near, Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near Dus buin the said County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of, or Per- Shipton In-sons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, closure , VII‘ Common Meadows, Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Southampton, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc within the said Parish divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which in their present Situation are incapable of any great Improvement, by reason of their lying intermixed and dispersed, but which would be rendered far more valuable to the several Persons interested therein, if the same w'ere to be divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the said Parish of Shipton, in such Manner, with such Powers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and the Lord Palmerston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Saddleworth whom the Petition of the several Persons, w hose Names Roads Peu-are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, tion reported. Merchants, Woollen Clothiers, and other Manufacturers and Residents, within the several Counties of York and Lancaster, or one of them, w as referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. James Buckley being examined, said, That the Merchants, Woollen Clothiers, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants in the Parish of Saddlcxcorth, in the West Riding of the County of York, and in the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne, in the County of Lancaster,

and the Neighbourhood, sustain great Inconvenience and Loss in carrying on their Trade and Dealings for

6 I the

the Want of a good Road from or near Stand-Edge, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names M<»k Sher-

in the Parish of Saddleworth aforesaid, through or are thereunto subscribed, being 'Owners of Lands, or

near to certain Places called Upper Mill, and Lydiate, otherwise interested in the Common Fields and Waste sure e i°n in Saddleworth aforesaid, and through or near a Place Lands, within the several Common Fields only, in the called Lees, in the said Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne, Parish of Monk Sherborne, in the County of to or near Mumps Brook, in the Township of Oldham, ton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting in the Parish of Prestrvich, in the said County of Lan- forth, That the Property of the Petitioners, and the caster, and for the Want of a Branch from and out of the several other Owners of Lands in the said Common

said intended Road, through or near Dobcross, to or near a Place called IVall Hill, in the Parish of Saddleworth, and for the Want of another Branch from and out of the said Road, at or near a Place called Shaw Hall, to or near a Place called Hollins, all in the said Parish of Saddleworth. — And the Witness further said, That the making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, such Road and Branches will be of great Public Convenience and Utility, but that the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, Stand-Edge, in, the Parish of ,in the West

Riding of the County of York, to or near Mumps Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwick, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Road leading out of the said intended Road, through or near Dobcross, to or near a Place called IVall in the said Parish of Saddleworth, and also another Road leading out of the said first tmentioned Road, at or near a Place called Shaw Hall, to or near a Place called Hollins, all in the said Parish of Saddleworth: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Leeds and Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Road Bill Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of

presented. Two Acts, of the Thirty-first Year of King the

Second, and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to IVakeJicld, in the County of York:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

RiponPaving Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to

Rented6* Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of in the County of York,

and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances within the said Borough, and within the Township of Ripon, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bradford So- A Petition of the Stewards and other Members of cieties Petr- Societies, established in the Township of Bradford, in, lon‘ the County of York, for the Relief of Sick and Aged

Persons, Members of such Societies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Societies have been found beneficial to the Members thereof, and that, for the due Regulation of such Societies, and the effectually securing to them their Stock or Funds, Powers are wanted, which cannot be obtained without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the obtaining the said Powers, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr.

Jforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated with respect to the Cultivation thereof, and in their present State not capable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Owners and Proprietors concerned, if the said Common Fields and.

Waste Lands, within the said Common Fields only, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them, in proportion to their respective Estates and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the said Common Fields only, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powlett, Sir William Heathcote, and Mr. Chute, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Nobleman, and the humble Pe- Bury St. Ed-tition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Norjolk and Suffolk, whose Names Gad petUi are thereunto subscribed, wras presented to the House, tion. and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Bury Saint Edmunds, in the Cou.nty of Suffolk, to Thct-ford, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and from thence to a Plantation called The Bell, in the Parish of West Tofts, in the said County of Nojfolk, and from thence to Crairwich, in the same County, is greatly out

of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious; and that, if the said Roads were properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners and others, travelling the said Roads, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, -in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burch, Lord Charles Fitzroy,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Nottingham whom the Petition of the Right honourable Henry Canal Peu-Lord Middleton, and the humble Petition of several t,onreP',ltedi Gentlemen, Freeholders, Manufacturers, and others, of the County of Nottingham, and of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vix.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Jessop, Engineer, being examined, said, That e he

he has lately caused & Survey to he taken, by which it appears, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels may be conveniently made from the Cromford Canal, in the County of by,

through, or near the Town of to join and

communicate with the River , near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also, that the several navigable Cuts herein after described may be conveniently made from, and to communicate with, such new or intended Canal; (that is to say) One Cut from the said intended Canal, in the Parish of Greasley, to a Close belonging to the Earl of Stamford in the said Parish; one other Cut from the said intended Canal, in the Parish of to a Close belonging to Edward Esquire,

in the said Parish; one other Cut from the said intended Canal, in the Parish of Lcnton, to join and communicate with the River , in Beeston Meadow; and one other in the Liberties of the said Town of

Nottingham, from the said intended Canal, at or near a Place called Leen Bridge, to or near to the West End of a Place called Sncinton Hermitage, in the Parish of

Sneinton, in the said County of Nottingham.

And being further examined, he said, That the making and maintaining of such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts as aforesaid, together with such other Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also proper Railways and other Roads to the said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, will open a Communication with several very valuable Mines of Coal, Lead, Limestone, Ironstone, Marble, and other Minerals, and also with several very extensive Manufactories, and will be of great Public Utility.

Then Francis Evans, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the latter Part of the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts, therein described, from the said intended Canal: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Gilbert Trowe Beckett, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Turner, pursuant to the Will of Martha Turner, Widow, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing st* and widening the Road from Upton, in the Parish of Ratley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Wellcsbourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Upton, in the Parish of Rat-ley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Wellesboarne Hastings, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George William -

Vol. 47.

burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented Stourbridge to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging and B'r,ni"S* the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the s, ,u<-d. Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, so far as the said Two several Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish of and County of Worcester, to The Cross of Hands at Holloway Head, near Birmingham, and from The Five Ways to New Street in Birmingham, in the said County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Sout!mv.pt<m County of the Town of Southampton, was presented to 1W l’m-the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, ,:oD passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, the several Parishes within the said Town were united into One District, and divers Powers were given for the Government, Employment, and Regulation of the said Poor; and that the Benefits intended to the Community by the aforesaid Act have not hitherto been experienced, nor have the good Purposes for which the same was enacted been effected, but on the contrary, from the many Defects and Omissions in the said Act, the Inhabitants of the said Town have, for several Years past, laboured under a very heavy and grievous Burthen, which is still daily increasing, inso much that the Rates for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor, are now double the Amount of what they were before the said Act was passed; For remedying whereof, and for the more just and equitable Administration of the Parochial Taxes, and for the Application of the Revenues of the said Town, in Ease of the Burthens incumbent thereon, therefore praying. That the House will take the Petitioners Case into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall be thought fit in that Behalf, and also such other Relief as may be deemed necessary and expedient in the Premises, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to that Effect, and for the Repeal of the former Act, preserving the Union of the said respective Parishes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it ' shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Amyatt, Mr. Sluane, &c:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Beaton an<l and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was Kouinrhaiu presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Canal That the Navigation of the River Trent, from a cer- tl0"-tain Meadow called Beeston Meadow, in the Parish of Beeston, in the County of Nottingham, below a Bridge across the said River, called Nottingham Trent Bridge, is rendered very hazardous, inconvenient, and tedious, by a great Number of circuitous Courses and Shoals, and by the Difficulties and Dangers attending the Passage of Vessels under the said Bridge; and that it appears, by Surveys and Levels lately taken, that a Cut or Canal may be made Navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the said River Trent, from, or

nearly

492 5° Martii. A. 1792.

Petition for additional Provision to Grantham Canal Bill.

Beer Harbour Petition.

nearly from, the upper End or Part of the said Mea- erecting a Pier at the said Cove, the same might be dow, called Beeston Meadoxo, into or near the South made a safe and commodious Harbour for Ships and Side of the Town of Nottingham, and to be continued Vessels of considerable Burthen, and that the said from thence to fall again into the said River Trent Work might be done at a moderate Expence; and below Nottingham Trent Bridge aforesaid, in a certain that the making and maintaining such Pier and Har-Meadow called Sneinton Meador®, which said Cut or hour as aforesaid would be of great Benefit to the Canal will pass through or along the Liberties or Pa- Coasting Trade, be a Means of enlarging the Fishery

rishes of Beeston and Lenton, in the said County of Not- carried on there, and tend to the Increase of Seamen,

tingham, and of Saint Nicholas, Saint Peter, and Saint and the said Harbour would also be of great Advan-Mary, in the Town and County of the Town of Not- tage to the Trade and Manufactures carried on in tingham, and through certain Extra parochial Lands the several Towns adjacent thereto, and of Public near to the said Town and the Parish or Liberty of Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Sneinton, in the said County of Nottingham; and that given to bring in a Bill for erecting such Pier as

the making of the said Cut will be attended with aforesaid, and for making the said Cove a safe and

great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of commodious Harbour, in such Manner, and by such the said Town of Nottingham, and the Neighbourhood Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper, thereof, by opening a cheap and easy Communication Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the with the said River Trent, and by that Means with Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-several other Navigations, for the Conveyance of Coals, mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from shall appear to them, to the House: the said Town and Neighbourhood, and will also be And it is referred to Mr. Bastard, Mr. Secretary at attended with great Advantage and Convenience to all War, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-Persons navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; upon the said River, by affording them a shorter, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and and much more safe and convenient, Passage between Records.

Beeston Meador® and Sneinton Meadoxo below Trent

Bridge aforesaid, than the present Passage along the Mr. William Clement Finch presented to the House, Kingston and said River, through the said Trent Bridge: And there- according to Order, a Bill for more effectually amend- SheetbrHw fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from tn^d Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of F Cut or Canal, in such Manner, and under such Regu- Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Pelersfield, lations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem in the County of Southampton: And the same was re-meet. ceived; and read the First Time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it A Petition of John Morgan, Esquire, Owner of the Penge inclo-shall appear to them, to the House: Waste Lands in the Hamlet of Penge, in the County sure Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Curzon, See.: of Surrey, and a Proprietor of Two-thirds of the in-And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine closed Lands within the said Hamlet, and William of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Fenner, &c. &c. and other Proprietors of Lands Power, to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. within the said Hamlet, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, as A Petition of the Right honourable Philip Earl of Owners and Proprietors of certain inclosed Lands, Chesterfield, was presented to the House, and read; Fields, and Grounds, within the said Hamlet of Penge,

Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the are entitled to Right of Common upon the Commoa Votes, that a Bill is depending for a Navigable Cut or called Penge Common, and that it would be very much Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the to the Advantage of the Petitioners to have the said County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near Rat- Common divided and inclosed: And therefore pray-cliffe, in the County of Nottingham; and that it ap- ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for pears, by Surveys and Levels lately taken, that a dividing and inclosing the said Common or Parcel of Navigable Branch may be made from the said in- Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Retended Canal, at or near Little Cropxcell, in the Parish gulations, as to the House shall seem meet of Cropxcell, in the said County of Nottingham, to or Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, near the Town of Bingham, in the Parish of Bingham, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that in the said County of Nottingham, the making of Mr. William Clement Finch and Lord William Russel which Navigable Branch would be very beneficial to do prepare, and bring in, the same, the Petitioner, and other Owners of Estates in that

Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility: And there- A Petition of of Perth, Esquire, Perth Road

fore praying, That Provision may be* made in the said Thomas Elder, Esquire, of Alexander Muir Petition.

Bill for making the said Navigable Branch, in such Mackenzie, Esquire, of Delvin, William Macdonald,

Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House Esquire, of Saint Martins, and Allan Macpherson, shall seem meet. Esquire, of Blairgowrie, all Heritors in the County of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Perth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- forth, That the Road leading from Perth to the North amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Bank of the Water of Isla, near the Ferry of Kinclaten, shall appear to them, to the House: in the said County, is in bad Repair, and in many

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Curzon, &c.: Places so deep and ruinous, that Travellers cannot pass

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine without Difficulty and Danger, and it has been found of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have by Experience, that the Statute Labour which can be Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. applied to the said Road is not sufficient to keep the same in Repair; and that Travellers, and the Inha-A Petition of several Persons residing or having bitants of the County, are also subjected to much In-Estates in the County of Devon, was presented to the convenience for Want of a proper and safe Conveyance House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by a over the aforesaid Water of Isla, the present Ferry at Survey lately made of the Cove of Beer, within the Kinclaven being often dangerous, especially in Winter;

Parish of Seaton and Beer, in the said County, that, by and for removing those Inconveniences, and rendering

' the

32 Geo. III. 5° Martii. 493

the said Road, and the Conveyance over the Water of morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Isla, safe and commodious, the Petitioners intend to Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, make a new Line of Hoad, and build a Bridge over and Records, the said Water; but, as these Operations will be attended with a very considerable Expence, they propose Sir Thorold reported from the Committee, to Sleaford to erect Gates or Turnpikes upon the said Road whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, p*Jt'^t,0Q and Bridge, for levying certain Tolls or Duties, to be Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Slea- rep0rwd. applied for the Purposes of making and keeping the ford, and the Country adjacent thereto, in the County . same in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave of Lincoln was referred; That the Committee had exa-may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been com-under such Regulations, as the House shall think plied with; and that the Committee had examined the proper. Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exar and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same

shall appear to them, to the House: was read; and is as followeth; viz.

And it is referred to General Murray, Sir John Sin- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, clair, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; said, That he has surveyed the Line of the intended

and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Navigation, leading through the several Parishes men-Records. tioned in the Petition, and is of Opinion, that it is

practicable to make a certain Stream or River, called A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Sleaford Mill , and the River Kyme navi-

are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of New Bond gable for Barges and other Vessels, from Sleaford Castle Street and Old Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Causeway to the Junction of the said Kyme Eau with Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Westminster, and also the River by which Means a Communication

the Petition of several other Persons, whose Names will be opened with the Port of Boj/om, the City of are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of divers Streets and the River Trent, and great Advantage will arise to adjoining thereto, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, the Land Owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Inhabitants of the several Parishes adjacent to the said That the said Streets, called New and Old Bond Streets, Stream and River, by facilitating the Carriage of Coals, are Places of great Trade, and much resorted to, and Wool, Corn, and other Goods, at a less Expence than form the principal Communication between the Parishes is now paid for the same by Land Carriage, greatly tend of Saint George, Hanover Square, and Saint Mary to the Increase of Trade and Commerce, and be of le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and that, in the public Utility.

Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, great Additions and Im- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

provements have been made in Buildings within the making and maintaining a Navigation from Sleaford last Twenty Years, and the same is now the Place of Castle Causeway, through the Town of Sleaford in the Residence of great Numbers of the Nobility, and County of Lincoln, along the Course of Sleaford Mill other Persons of high Rank and Fortune; and that Stream and Kyme Eau, to the River Witham, at or near New and Old Bond Streets being barely of sufficient Chapel Hill, in the same County, and for making Width for the free Passage of great Numbers of Car- necessary Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation: riages of every Description, constantly resorting to or And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do passing through the same, are rendered exceedingly prepare, and bring in, the same, incommodious and dangerous, by a large Stand of

Hackney Coaches being stationed there, whereby A Petition of the Mayors and Corporations of the Horncastle

Obstructions are occasioned daily, and Accidents have City of Lincoln and the Town of Boston, and the Gen- Navigation frequently happened; and that the Powers now vested tlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, and others, residing *>eUt-on-in the Commissioners of Paving, under the Authority at LincoBoston, and Horncastle, and the Country ad-of Parliament, are ineffectual for removing the Nuisance jacent thereto, within the County of Lincoln, was pre and Obstruction occasioned by the said Stand of Hack- sented to the House and read; Setting forth, Thatir ney Coaches, and Applications have been made, from the Stream or River, called The Bain, and the several Time to Time, by the Inhabitants of the said Streets, to Branches thereof, from the Town of Horncastle to the the Committee of Paving for the said Parish of Saint River Witham, through the several Parishes or Town-George, Hanover Square, who, being sensible of the ships of Horncastle, Thornton, Scrielsby, Dal-

Justness of the said Complaints, were very desirous of derby, Roughton, Halt ham on the Bain,

granting the Redress solicited, yet they were prevented shall, and Coningsby, to the Junction thereof with the therefrom for Want of proper Powers; and that the River Wat or near a Place called within

said Inhabitants then applied to the Commissioners of the said Parish of Coni?igsby, were made navigable for Hackney Coaches, and Magistrates, who refused to act Barges and other Vessels, and the present Navigable x>rgive any Redress to such Complaints and Applications, Communication between the said River Witham and alleging, that they were not empowered by Law so to the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge in the City do: And therefore praying the House to take the of Lincoln, amended and made complete, great Be-Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be nefit and Advantage would arise to the Land Owners, given to bring in a Bill to remove the said Stand of Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the llackney Coaches out of the said Streets, called New said City, and Towns of Boston and Horncastle, and also and Old Bond Streets, or that the Petitioners may have to the Inhabitants of the large Tract of Country ad-such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall jacent to the said Rivers, by facilitating the Carriage seem meet. of Coals, Wool, Corn, and other Goods and Coramo-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- dities, at less Expence than is now paid for the same sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine by Land Carriage, greatly tend to the Increase of the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall Trade and Commerce, and be of public Utility: And appear to them, to the House: therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring

And it is referred to Mr. Muilman Trench Chiswell, in a Bill for making the said Stream or River Bain,

.Sir Richard Hill, kc.: And they are to meet To- and the Branches thereof, Navigable from the Town

Vo l. 47- 6 K of

494

5° Matin. A. 1792.

of Horncastle to the Junction of the 9ald Stream with the River Witham, at or near a Place called

and also for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the said River TVitham and the Fosdike Canthrough the High Bridge,

in the City of Lincoln, and for maintaining the same respectively, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Moulton A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition6 thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Parish, large Tracts of Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, and the Petitioners and others are entitled to Rights of Common over the same, and to other Rights and Interests therein; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the several Persons interested in the said Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln, subject to such Orders and Regulations as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

South Hoi- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names land Drain- are thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and age Petition. 0j[ierS) Proprietors of Fen Lantls and Low Grounds in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are in the District of Country, called South Holland, many Thousand Acres of Land, rich and fertile in its Nature, which are subject to be Overflowed for want of a Drain through the same to discharge the Waters thereof into the Sea; and that such Drainage will tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Lands, and to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining the Fen Lands and Low Grounds in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln, subject to such Orders and Regulations as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Moulton, See. A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Lord Embankment Boston, and the humble Petition of the several other

Petitton!Dtt°e ^er8°n8» whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Estates within the Parishes of Moulton, Gedney, Spalding,

Whaplodc, Holbeach, and the Hamlet of tuition, in the Parish of Long Sutton, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes of Moulton and Gedney, certain Commonable Salt Marshes and

unprofitable Grounds, and also within the Parishes of Spalding, JVhaplode, Holbeach, and Hamlet of Lutton, in the Parish of Long Sutton, and in the Parishes of Moulton and Gedney, in the said County of Lincoln, certain Parcels of private Salt Marshes, which are, at Spring Tides, Overflowed with the Sea, and which contain in the Whole about 5,000 Acres; and that the said Salt Marshes are at present of little or no Value, and the embanking and draining thereof, and preventing the same from being Overflowed with the Sea, would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for embanking and draining the same Marshes, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Medway thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Navigation others, Inhabitants of the King's Town and Parish of I>etltion* Maidstone, in the County of Kent, and of the Owners and Freighters of Craft, Hop Planters and Traders, on the River Medway, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Navigation of the said River is greatly obstructed by Shelves and other Impediments, to the continual Hindrance and Damage of the Petitioners and others using the same; and that, if Powers were given to deepen and widen the Bed of the said River, and otherwise to improve the Navigation thereof from Maidstone to through

the several Parishes of Maidstone, and Aylesford aforesaid, and also to make a collateral Cut branching out of the said River above Aylesford Bridge, through certain Lands on the South-west Side of the said River in the said Parish of Aylesford, to communicate again with the said River below the said Bridge, so as to enable Vessels, navigating the same, to avoid the Bridge at Aylesford, and if Provision was made for establishing Horse Towing Paths on the Side or Sides of the said River, it would be productive of many Advantages to the Trade and Manufactures of the County of Kent, and be of public Utility:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, ns it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blo.vam, Mr. Honywood,

Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lechmere reported from the Committee, to Woreesttr whom the Petition of the several Persons, '' hose I’oor, See.

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of be,|tl<v* the several Parishes within the City of and nf re|)Wte

such Parishes as are Part within the City, and l\nt within the County of Worcester, and of the Parish of Saint Michael, in Bedwardinc, in the said County of Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had -o examined

examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Wall, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Poor of the Parisiies of Saint Nicholas, Saint Saint Helen, All Saints, Saint Andrew, and Alban, within the City of Worcester, and the Parishes of Saint Martin, Saint Clement, and Saint Peter the Great, which are Part within the City, and other Part in the County of Worcester, and of the Parish of Saint Michael, in Bedxcardine, in the County of Worcester, are very numerous, and are maintained at a great Expence to the Inhabitants; but that if proper Powers were grunted for providing a House or Houses for their Reception, and their being well governed therein, it would tend not only to the more effectual Relief and Subsistence of such as, by Age or Infirmities, are incapable of supporting themselves, but also to the better Employment of the Able and Industrious, to the Correction of the Idle and Profligate, to the Education of the Infant Poor, and to the Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes.

And the Witness further said, That if Provision was made for allowun" Contracts and Agreements to

O O

be entered into for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, it would be an Ease and Advantage to such Parishes as may be willing to enter into such Agreements, and also of public Utility.

And he added. That some of the said Parishes have no Church Yards, and others that have suffered great Inconvenience from their being too small, which renders a General Burying Ground, for the Use of all the said Parishes, necessary; and if proper Powers were given to provide the same, it would be of great Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester, and of such Parishes as are Part within the City of Worcester, and Part within the County of Worcester, and of the Parish of Saint Michael, in Bedxcardine, in the County of Worcester; and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of such Parishes; And that Mr. Lechmere and

Mr. Wiglcy do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road betw een the Town of Kingston upon Hall and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for repairing the Road from Ncxcland Bridge to the West End of the Town of -

tingham, in the said Riding, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Thornton, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes c" of IVroxeter, Alcham, Bei'rington, Eaton Con-

stantine, Kenley, Leighton, UJJington, and Upton Magna, and Chapelry of Cressage, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parishes and Chapelry are very extensive, and the Poor within the same are exceedingly numerous, and supported at a great and burthensome Expence by the respective Inhabitants thereof; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if a proper and convenient House was provided for the general Reception of all the Poor within the said several Parishes and Chapelry, and proper Powers obtained for Cheir Government, Regu-Vol. 47.

lation, and Employment, the same would tend not only to the Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes and Chapelry at large, but also to the more immediate and effectual Relief and Comfort of the Poor themselves: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, and with such Powers and Authorities, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Major Williams, Mr. Owen,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Clergymen, Churchwardens, Montgomery, Overseers of the Poor, Land Owners, and Inhabit- tce.yp.tr ants of the several Parishes of Montgomery, , PetlUon'

Llandyssil, Llanmerexiig, Berriexo, Bultinglon, Pool, Woolstanmine, and for den, in the County of Montgomery, the Township of Aston (Parcel of the Parish of Lydhami) in the said County, the Township of Castlewright (Parcel of the Parish of Mainstone) in the said County, the Parish of Chirbury, in the County of Salop, and the several Parishes of Churchstoke&ndHyssington, in the said Counties of Montgomery and whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Townships, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor within the said Parishes and Townships are very numerous, and are supported and maintained at a great and burthensome Expence, by the Inhabitants of the same Parishes and Townships, which Expence has for many Years been rapidly increasing, and is likely so to continue; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Poor might be more effectually and satisfactorily relieved and maintained, and at a much less Expence than at present, if the said Parishes and Townships were incorporated, and reduced into One District, and proper Powers given to provide a convenient House or Houses, for the general Reception of the Poor therein, and to regulate, employ, and govern them in a proper Manner, and the same would be of considerable Advantage to the said Poor, as well as to the Petitioners and others, the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Townships:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Owen, Major Williams,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition in thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Merchants, favour of Manufacturers, and others, resident in or near the K»rkby K*"-Town of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, ^ana ‘ was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That Application is intended to be made for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland to West Houghton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition

5° Mcirtii.

A. 1792.

Second Petition for

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses or near Lochgate, to the Town of and for

Kirkb Ken- ^10 ^urS^ of Kirk by in Kendal, in the County of repairing the several Roads leading into the City of

dai C«nal.Cn* Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read; Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading Setting forth, That by a Survey lately taken, it ap- from the Town of Airdrie towards the City of Glasgow, pears that a Navigable Canal may be made from through the Village of Shettleston, till it falls into the Kirkbyin Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland to West Great Road from to the said City, and for

Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, by the repairing the Road from the said Great Road, by Way of 'Burton, Lancaster, Garstang, Preston, and Dry gate and to Carntyne, and for repairing

Chorley, and that a Branch may be made from a Place, and widening several other Roads, and for building a at or near Borwick to War ton Ci'agg, and another Bridge over the River Clyde at or near

Branch may be made from Galemoss by Chorley to Dux- and for opening and making certain Streets in or near

bury, and the making and maintaining such Canal will the City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to all other read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceed-Persons having Lands and Estates in the Neighbour- ed in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed hood thereof; and that, at the Southern Extremity of several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit the said intended Canal, there are immense Mines of thereof, w'hich still remain due, and cannot be repaid,

Coal, at the Northern End of the same Line there are and the said Roads rendered more level and conve-

inexhaustible Mountains of Limestone, and all the nient, unless the several Alterations herein after men-intermediate Country is in Want of both those Ar- tioned be effected; and that by several Acts, of the tides, so necessary for the Cultivation of the Lands, Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign and Improvement of Manufactures, and the reducing of King George the Second and of the Fourth and the Price of Coal within the said Burgh will be of Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Ma-great Advantage to its Manufactures; and that by jesty, a Road has been formed from the City of Edin-connecting the Port of Lancaster with the said Burgh, burgh to the Bridge over Almond Water, being the and with so large a Tract of Inland Country, very con- Confines betwixt the Counties of Edinburgh and Lin-siderable Advantages must be derived, and will in and that by several Acts, of the Twenty-sixth

other Respects be of great public Utility: And there- and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of King fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a the Second, and the Fourteenth and Thirty-first Years Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Road has been and Restrictions as the House shall think fit. formed and made from the City of Glasgow to the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Town of; and that Parts of the said Road be-

Table. tween Livingstone and the City of Glasgow, where the same passes over the Shotts, and Hirst Hills, and Colder A Petition of the Trustees, appointed by an Act Brae, are very inconvenient for Carriages from the passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, severe Pulls in ascending the said Hills and Brae, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening seve- which could be avoided by carrying the Road to the " ral Roads leading through the County of Laner Southward of the present Line; and that there are " and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at certain Parts of the present Line of Road between the or near a Place called The Hoivfoord, in the said City of Glasgow and the Town of Hamilton, directed

Lanerk Roads and Clyde Bridge Petition.

to be repaired by the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, which are also inconvenient from severe Pulls, and otherwise, and which could be remedied by altering the present Line of

"County," was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That by the said Act several Tolls,

Duties, and Powers, were granted to certain Trustees therein mentioned, which were to take Place from and after Whitsunday, in the Year 1772, and have Conti- Road, and carrying a new Line in a more level and

nuance for and during the Space of Twenty-one convenient Direction; and that the present Bridge

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next over the River Clyde, called Bothwell Bridge, on the Session of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have High Road from the City of to the Town of

borrowed, and there are owing, several Sums of Money Hamilton, and from thence leading to Carlisle, is in-upon the Credit of the said Tolls, with which Money the conveniently situated for the Line of Road, and from

greatest Part of the said Roads have been repaired and the Length of Time since it was built has become in-

widened, yet still the same cannot be completed and sufficient, and is too narrow for the heavy Carriages kept in sufficient Repair in Time coming, and the that now pass betwixt Carlisle and Glasgow by the said- Money borrowed and owing upon the Credit of the Bridge, and may require to be re-built; and that when said Tolls repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted the Alteration of the Line of Road from Glasgow to by the said Act be enlarged, and made more effectual: Livingstone by the South of Colder Brae and Shotts and

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Hirst Hills is accomplished, it will be requisite to vary bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the the present Line of Road from the Town of Hamilton, Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to by Hamilton Bridge, to New Inn on the present Great the House shall seem meet. Road from Glasgoio to Livingstone, and to carry the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Road from Hamilton , in the most conve-

Consideration of a Committee; And that they do ex- nient and proper Direction, to join the New Line of amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Road from Glasgow to Livingstone, and also to make shall appear to them, to the House: a Branch Road from the said new Line of Road from

And it is referred to Sir James Steuart Denham, Sir Glasgow to Livingstone, in the most convenient and Thomas Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow proper Direction, through the Lands of and

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s others, to join the present Turnpike Road from Cur-Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, lake to the City of Glasgow, and that the Roads be-and Records. tween the Towns of Airdrie and Coats Northwards, by

or near East Kirk, till they join in the Cum-

Livinjrstont A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put bernall Turnpike Road, at or near Condorat, and also Roads't’etT* *Q Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of joining the said Cumbernall Road, at or near Bedlay, tion 6 the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the are materially connected with the aforesaid Road, be-Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the twixt the City of Glasgow and the Town of Airdrie, City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton to the ’ and are at present in bad Repair, and inconvenient Town of Strathacen, and for repairing and widening for Travellers and Carriages; and that, in Conse-the Roads from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at quence of the before mentioned Acts, a Road has been

made

32 Geo. III. ' 5° Mar tit. 497

made from [the City of Edinburgh to the Bridge over in the said Borough and Liberties, are exceedingly Almond Water, being the Confines betwixt the Coun- numerous, and maintained at a very great and bur-ties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, and from the City thensome Expence, and the Petitioners apprehend that of Glasgow to the Town of Airdrie, and it would be the said Poor might be more effectually relieved and highly beneficial to the Public, and particularly to maintained, and at a much less Expence, if Powers the Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, that the inter- were given to provide a convenient Place for their mediate Line of Road from the new Bridge over Al- Reception, and to employ and regulate them in a pro-mond Water, to join the present Turnpike Road be- per Manner: And therefore praying, That Leave

tween Glasgmo and Airdrie, should be made and com- may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief pleted, by or near the Land of Broxburn, from thence and Employment of the Poor within the several Pa-by or near the Lands of Houstown, from thence by or near rishes in the said Borough of Leicestei% and the Liberties the Lands of Kirktown, from thence to the Town of thereof, in the said County of Leicester, in such Man-Bathgate, from thence by or near to Hardhill, from thence ner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall by or near Barbachlaw, from thence by or near to Craigs, seem meet.

from thence by or near to Bedlornne, from thence by Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the or near to Caldercrook Miln, from thence by or near Consideration of a Committee: And that they do to Loadmanjord, from thence by or near to the Town examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it of Airdrie and Langloan, and to join at the most con- shall appear to them, to the House: venient and proper Place of the Road leading from And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Smith, Mr. Pochin,

Glasgow to Airdrie, or as nearly in the aforesaid Line, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning

Course, or Direction, as conveniently may be, or in at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; such other Direction from Airdrie to the City of and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Glasgozo as may appear to be the most convenient and Records, proper, and also that the Road branching off from the said Bathgate Road leading through the Lands of Bar- A Petition of Sir John Sinclair, of Ulbster, Baronet, Caithness and

bachlaw, North-East, to and joining the Clough Turn- Sir Robert Anstruther, of Bylbster, Baronet, William nUthderl£Iid pike Road, at the North-East Corner of Mr. Gillan Honyman, of Strathy, Esquire, Alexander Sinclair, of of Wellhouse s Park Dike, should be made and re- Barrock, Esquire, Robert Sinclair, of Freswick, Es-paired, and also, that a Bridge should be erected over quire, George Alackay, of Bighouse, Esquire, James the Water of Avon, at or near to Torphichin Miln, and Horne, one of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet, all the Road thereto made and repaired; and that the Act Landholders in the Sheriffdom or Counties of Caithness made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present and Sutherland\ was presented to the House, and read;

Majesty, for making and repairing different Roads in Setting forth, That the Mode hitherto authorized of the County of Lanerk, and whereby the Statute Work making the High Roads and Communications, and of the said County is regulated, is now near expiring, of exacting the Statute Labour for those Purposes, and it will tend greatly to the Interest of the Public, within the Sheriffdom or Counties of Caithness and that so much of the said Act as relates to the Statute Sutherland, have been found to be inadequate to the Work should be renewed; and that the Trustees ap- Purposes intended, whereby they are deprived of the pointed by the before-mentioned Acts have borrowed Advantages arising from good Roads and Bridges, several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls and the Progress of Improvement in that remote Cor-authorized to be demanded and levied by virtue ner of the Country retarded; and that the Petitioners, thereof, with which Money the greatest Part of the feeling these Disadvantages, and desirous of having Roads, specified in the said Acts, have been made, the same removed, made the necessary Notifications, repaired, and amended; yet the necessary Alterations as directed by the Standing Orders of the House, that of the said Roads, to render the same more level they intended to apply in this Session of Parliament and convenient, cannot be made, and the aforesaid for Leave to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for making New Bridge over the Clyde built, and the Roads made Roads and Communications in the said Sheriffdom or complete, and kept in sufficient Repair, and the Mo- Counties, repairing the present Roads and Commu-ney borrowed and owing upon the Credit of the said nications there, and for those Purposes converting the Tolls repaid, nor the aforesaid new Lines of Road, Statute Labour within the same, Ike.: And therefore from Nezv Bridge, over the Water of Almond, to the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill,

Town of Aird?'ie or Langloan, and from thence to the or Bills, to the above Effect, in such Manner, and City of Glasgow, and the different Branch of Roads be- under such Regulations, as the House shall think fore mentioned made and repaired, unless the Term fit.

and Powers granted by the said Acts be enlarged, and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the further Powers and Tolls granted: And therefore Consideration of a Committee: And that they do praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and shall appear to them, to the House:

Restrictions as to the House shall seem proper and And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Adam, expedient. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; Consideration of a Committee: And that they do and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as Records, it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Steuart Denham, Sir A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Holderness James St. Clair Erskine, &c.: And they are to meet chants, Tradesmen, and others, w hose Names are Sluice and

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Per- others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting e 1 lon* sons, Papers, and Records. forth, That, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, it

appears, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Barges, and other Vessels, may be made from the Ri-thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of ver Hull, at or near a Place called or known by the Leicester and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Name of The Holderness Sluice, in the East Riding of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Set- the County of York, by Foredyke, Carlam Bridge, Lum-ting forth, That the Poor, within the several Parishes bercoat Bridge and Alonk Bridge, to Causey Bridge, in Vol. 47. 6 L the

5® Martii.

A. 1792.

the Town of Leven, in the said East Riding, and to such other Purposes, and under such Regulations and

Leven Bridge, in the South Field of Leven aforesaid; and that such Navigable Canal will he the Means of opening a certain Communication for the commodious and easy Conveyance of Goods, Wares, Merchandise, and all heavy Commodities, between the said Town of Leven, and the Towns and Places in and near the Line of the said intended Canal, and the Port

Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ot'dcred, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. W Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

of Kingston upon Hull, and thereby be productive of Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have many local Benefits to the said Towns and Places, and Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, will also be of Public Utility: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Navigable Canal, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, pursuant to Papers re-their Orders, latmgto

Copies and Extracts of Letters from Governor ^resented Phillip, giving Account of the Nature and Fertility P of the Land in and adjoining to any Settlement in

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- New South Wales, and of the Probability of raising

closure and

Drainage

petition.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

' And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Dun-

combe, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ilessle, An- A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, l«by, In* Tenements and Hereditaments, within the Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, Commons, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Hessle, Anluby, and in the County of the Town of Kingston upon and of the Owners and Proprietors of ancient inclosed Lands, within the several Townships or Hamlets above mentioned, and also in in the same County,

whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Townships or Ilamlcts of Hessle, Anluby, and Tranby, are several Open, Common, Arabic, or Tillage Fields, and Lands belonging to the Petitioners and others, and the said Lands lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that within the said Townships of Hessle and Anlaby, are also several Common Pastures, Ings, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, and the Lands of the Petitioners and others in the said Ings, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; and that the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and the said Ings, Meadows, and Pastures, are frequently Overflowed, or otherwise annoyed with Wa-

any, and what, Provisions thereon, and of the Behaviour and Employment of the Convicts sent there, and which have been received since the last Account was laid before the House; viz.

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Governor Phillip to Evan Nepean, Esquire, dated Sydney, 16th June 1790.

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Governor Phillip to Mr. Secretary Grenville, dated Sydney Cove 17th June 1790.

N° 3. Extracts of a Letter front Governor Phillip to Mr. Secretary Grenville, dated Sydney, New South Wales, 20th June 1790.

N° 4. Extracts of a Letter from Governor Phillip to Mr. Secretary Grenville, dated Sydney, 25th June 1790.

N° 5. Extracts of a Letter from Governor Phillip to Mr. Secretary Grenville, dated Sydney, 17th r July 1790.

N° 6. General Return of Male Convicts, with their respective Employments, dated Sydney, 23d July 1790.

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from Governor Phillip to Evan Nepean, Esquire, dated Sydney, 24th July 1790.

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from Major Ross to Mr. Secretary Grenville, dated Head Quarters, Sydney Bay, Norfolk Island, 29th August 1790: And also,

Copies and Extracts of Letters from the Office of Secretary of State for the Home Department, bearing Date, since the last Accounts were laid before the House relative to the transporting of Convicts to

ter, and in their present State capable of little or no New South Wales, and providing for the same; viz.

Improvement; and that if the said Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields and Lands, were divided and inclosed, and the said several Commons, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, effectually drained, divided, and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein; and that within the said several Townships or Hamlets of Hessle, Anlaby, Tranby, and Woofer-ton, are certain ancient inclosed Lands, which pay Tythe in Kind, and the Proprietors of the said Lands are desirous that the same should be exonerated from such Tythes, and that a Compensation in lieu thereof should be made to the several Impropriators by a Money Payment, to be Annually issuing out of, and charged upon, the same Lands: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the said several Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, Lands, Commons, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds respectively, and for exonerating the said ancient inclosed Lands from the Payment of Tythe in Kind, and establishing a Money Payment in lieu thereof, and for

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated Whitehall, 23d June 1791.

N° 2. Extracts of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Governor Phillip, dated Whitehall, .5th July 1791.

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor King to Evan Nepean, Esquire, dated Cape of Good Hope, 29th July 1791; with Three Inclosures.

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Mr. King to Sir Henry Martin, Baronet, dated Whitehall 21st December 1791.

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Martin to Mr. King, dated Navy Office, 23d December

1791; with One Inclosure.

N° 6. Extracts of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Governor Phillip, dated 10th January 1792; with Three Inclosures.

N° 7. Extracts of a Letter from Mr. King to Governor Phillip, dated 10th January 1792.

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Governor Phillip, dated 10th February 1792; with Three Inclosures.

N®9.

499

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Charles Long, Esquire, to Scrape Bernard, Esquire, dated 7raz-8th February 1792; with One Inclosure.

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords of the Treasury, dated 13th February 1792: And also,

An Account of the Number of Convicts which were embarked on Board the Neptune, Scarborough, and Surprize, the Number that arrived at New South Wales, and the State of their Health at the Time of their Arrival there; also, Copy of the Contract with the Owners of those Ships; and Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Mr. Attorney General; viz.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Evan Nepean, Esquire, to George Rose, Esquire, dated Whitehall, 30th October 1789.

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Grenville to Governor Phillip, dated Whitehall, 24th December 1789.

N° 3. Extracts of Two Letters from Governor Philip to Mr. Secretary Grenville, dated Sydney, New South Wales, 13th and 17th July 1790: And also of One to Evan Nepean, Esquire, of the 6th of August 1790.

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Sir Henry Martin, with the Report of the Commissioners of the Navy, inclosing Fifteen Papers relative to the Transportation of the Convicts in the Neptune, Scarborough, and Surprize Transports, with a Copy of the Contract with the Owners of those Ships, and Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Mr. Attorney General, dated Whitehall, 20th February 1792.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lists were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Joseph Booth, Artist, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, after much Trouble, Labour, and Expence, hath invented a Machine or Apparatus, and certain Chemical Compositions, for the Purpose of making various Kinds of Woollen Cloths and similar Articles, in Consideration of which Invention His Majesty has been graciously pleased to grant to him, by His Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, dated the 23d of January last, the sole Benefit and Advantage thereof within England\ Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, and also by Letters Patent, under the Seal appointed to be used in lieu of the Great Seal of Scotland, dated the 27th of January, for the Term of Fourteen Years, with a Proviso in each of the said Letters Patent, that he should, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, cause a particular Description of the Nature of his said Invention to be enrolled in the Court of Chancery of Great Britain, and also in the Court of Chancellary of Scotlandwithin Four Months after the Date of the said respective Letters Patent; and that the Petitioner has accordingly prepared such particular Description, in order that the true Intent and Meaning of the said Proviso may be complied with, and the full Benefit of the said Invention may be secured to all His Majesty’s Subjects at the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen Years, but he is informed, that if the said Description be enrolled in the said Courts of Chancery and Chancellary, there is no Means of preventing Copies thereof from being obtained by Foreigners, and others, who will thereby have the Advantage over Vol. 47.

His Majesty’s Subjects, inasmuch as they will be enabled to make Use of the Petitioner’s said Inventions and Discoveries in neighbouring Countries, previous to the Expiration of the Term of the said Letters Patent, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, who might otherwise supply those Countries with Woollen Cloths and similar Articles during the said Term, and to the Disadvantage of the Trade of this Kingdom, which may otherwise be very much benefited by his said Invention; and that the Petitioner conceives it to be expedient, for the Reasons and Considerations above stated, that the said particular Description so prepared by him, instead of being enrolled in the Court of Chancery of Great Britain, and Court of Chancellary of Scotland' and consequently made accessible to improper Persons, should be delivered within the said limited Time to such Principal Officers of the Court of Chancery of Great Britain, and Court of Chancellary of Scotland, as may be thought proper for their Inspection and Satisfaction, as to the Sufficiency of such Description or Specification, and that the same should be kept under their Seals, so as to be resorted to by the said Otlicers on all necessary Occasions, without being open to the Inspection of Foreigners and others, who might make an improper Use thereof, to the Injury of the Patentee, and Disadvantage of the Trade of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing such Delivery of the said particular Description or Specification within the said limited Time, instead of the same being enrolled in the said Court of Chancery of Great Britain, and Court of Chancellary in Scotland, and for effectually securing to the Petitioner and the Public the Benefit and Advantages of the said Inventions and Discoveries, or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bernard, Mr. Steele,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Second of the Bill for i«su-Resolutions wffiich, upon the 20th Day of February ing 400,000l. last, were reported from the Committee of the w hole Krd^iction House, to whom it was referred to consider further of 0t National the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which, upon Debumlered. the 24th Day of the same Month, w as agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Sum of Four Hundred Thou-u sand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be is* u sued and paid to the Governor and Company of the " Rank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of " the National Debt."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- Committee solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on for upon the Bill for repealing the Duties upon Malt, ^dmorwl granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of Dunes^n

the Malt.

500

5° Mar hi. A. 1792.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties " upon Malt."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, iteported. Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re-

repwdin °P s°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Part of Duty upon the Bill for repealing a certain Part of the <m Candles. Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles).

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Deported. Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill for issu- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-

ing 400,000l. a gin for granting to His Majesty the Sum of

forVeHuc- Four Hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and tion of Na- paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of tiomil Debt England, to be by them placed to the Account of the presented. Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for rats- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-by*Loansor c'er’ a for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Exchequer Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Bills presented.

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Bill for rai*. Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by ^further Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the L^^or Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two: Exchequer And the same was received; and read the First Time. Bills present-Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ed'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Committee Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Expenditure, Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of &c. deferred. Parliament, as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report on the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Act for of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Greenland* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act &c. Fisbenes " for the further Support and Encouragement of the deferred.

" Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s " Streights,"be received Tomorrow Morning.

fit

110D

jprd

Elf<

ten

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- American ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the dt' whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means erre' for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply de-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bk:

The other Orders of the Day being read; Bill for pfe- "

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Y,entl"S. a

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole p^enttf House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Seameus Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign Wages, &c. of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the deferTed<

" further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending " the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other " Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers " and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships; " and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Bill to amend ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ti

House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending Encourage-an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign ment of Sea- 3 of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, men deferAn Act for the Encouragement of Seamen em- red>

" ployed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a " regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and " certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling " them more easily and readily to remit the same for j

" the Support of their Wives and Families, and for (

" preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Pay- I

" ments; " and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned

Officers

Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 6° d Martii;

Santed by an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of is present Majesty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill repealing

for repealing the Duties on Female Servants; without Du‘,e* a j a j i on Fem«ie

any Amendment: And also, Servants.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill repealing

for repealing the Duties on Waggons, Wains, Carts, Duties on

and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the Twenty- Waggons,

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; with- &c'

out any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Anno 320 Georgii III'M Regis, 1792.

Praters.

f^Bed TH E Hour appointed for taking into Consideration lorough the Petition of John Payne, Esquire, com-n.nPeti- plaining of an undue Election and Return for the eferred. Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being, returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Ninety-seven Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, T Martii;

Anno 32° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

dfordBo- f~J HE Hour appointed for taking into Considera-

>n Vet hi on *on Eetit'on Payne, Esquire, com-

nsiclered!°n plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

he Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and ave agreed M X. Earnest

Mr. Speaker,

lait Bill. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two; without any Amendment: And

also,

to-peal The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ertaia011 Act to repeal the Duties on certain Inhabited Houses,

touses. containing less than Seven Windows or Lights,

VOL. 47-

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; Proceedings and One Hundred and Twelve Members being pre- on Be.iionl sent; ’ Borough

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of , into

Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members w ere taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn, and read in the usual M anner.

And the Names of Two Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Maimcaring, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

And the Names of Twenty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Baker, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Name of the Right honourable William Pitt, Chancellor of His Majesty’s Exchequer, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House on the Twenty-third Day of February last; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Name of the Honourable George Cranfold Berkeley being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, that he was attending, as Prosecutor, on a General Court Martial, holden for the Trial of Lieutenant Lees, of the Corps of Engineers; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House w as taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Twenty-three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside;

Eleven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Twelve against whose Election Petitions were depending; Seventeen as then serving on Select Committees; Seven on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees;

One as having voted at the Election; and One on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to

6 M the

502

7° Martii.

A. 1792.

the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, Election and Return for the said Borough, might be the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Time for receiving Petitions further enlarged.

Order respecting Sutherland Election Petition discharged.

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Private Bills be further enlarged until Tomorrow.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 1st Day of February last, for taking into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of Robert Home Gordon, of Embo, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Sutherland (which was presented to the House upon the said 1st Day of February) might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged. Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 27th Day of this Instant March, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Sutherland The House was moved, That the Order, made up'on Petitions de 6th Day of February last, for taking into Consi-ferred.

The House was moved, That the Order, made FoweyPeii-upon the 1st Day of February last, for taking into j^ont’hr*s^f‘j Consideration, upon this Day Sevennight, the Petition o*f* hoosing of John Coryton, of the Borough of Fowey, in the the Return-County of Cornwall, Esquire, Thomas Graham, of the >"g officer same Place, Esquire, Henry Hazvkins of delerr*d<

Helligan, in the same County, Clerk, and John -deration, Tomorrow, the Petition of Robert Bruce leigh, of Fenquite, in the same County, Esquire, Per-JEneas Macleod, of Cadboll, Esquire, complaining of sons who have a Right to choose, nominate, and appoint,

an undue Election and Return for the County of Suther- the Returning Officer of the said Borough, respecting land, might be read. the Right of choosing the Returning Officer, might be

And the said Order being read accordingly; read.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consi- Ordered, That the said Order be discharged,

deration upon Friday next, at Three of the Clock in Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into the Afternoon. Consideration upon Thursday, the 15th Day of this

The House was also moved, That the Order, made Instant March, at Three of the Clock in the After-upon the 6th Day of February last, for taking into noon.

Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of Robert

Home Gordon, of Embo, Esquire, complaining of an The House was moved, That the several Orders Pontefract undue Election and Return for the County of Suther- made upon the 1st and 27th Days of February last, *>etulon r'"

land (which was presented to the House upon the said for taking into Consideration, upon Monday the 19th jJ^huf *

6th Day of FebruaryJ might be read. Day of this Instant March, the Petition of John Walsh, Election de-

And the said Order being read accordingly; Esquire, who claims to be an Elector of Representa- ferred.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. tives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ponte-

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- Jract, in the County of York; and also, the Petition sideration upon Friday next, at the same Time that of John Smyth, and William Sot heron. Esquires, respect-

Sfeyning Petitions respecting tire Right of Election deferred.

the Petition of Robert Bruce JEneas Macleod, of Cadboll, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved. That the several Orders, made upon the 1st and 8th Days of February last, for taking into Consideration, upon Monday next, the Petition of James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, William Cooper, John Butcher, Thomas Sone, Elgar, Richard

Jenner, Charles Groome, Thomas Newman, Richard Kemp, Edmund Streeter, William Sharp, Thomas and John Batchelor the Y ounger; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of in the

ing the Right of Election for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 24th Day of next,

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again inserted in The London Gazette; and also sent to the Returning Officers of the Boroughs of Fowey and Pontefract respectively.

The House was moved, That the several Orders, Days ap. appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the Pointed for several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Election"8 Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the Petitions

County of Sussex, respecting the Right of Election for Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; for the altered.

the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged. Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette; and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Steyning.

Steyning Election Petitions deterred.

The House was moved, That the several Orders,

Borough of Shaston, otherwise in the County of Dorset; for the County of Radnor; for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts; for the

Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon; for the Borough of Great in the County of Lincoln; for the Borough of in

the County of Wilts; for the District of Boroughs of Stirling, Inverkeithing, Dunfermline, Cuirass, and Queemferry; for the Borough of in the County of Southampton; for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole; for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick; and, for the Borough of Ponte-

made upon the 1st Day of February last, for taking fract, in the County of And also, the several

into Consideration, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of Orders appointing the Days for taking into Considera-Samuel Whitbread, Esquire; and also, the Petition of tion the several Petitions respecting the Rights of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- Election for the Borough of Nczoark, in the County scribed, Electors of the Borough of Steyning, in the of Nottingham; for the City of Carlisle, in the County County of Sussex, severally complaining of an undue of Cumberland; for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County

2

County of Wilts; for the City and Liberty of Westminster; and, for the Town and County of the Town of Poole, might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, the same were, on the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.-

Ordered, That the Petition of William Smith, Esquire, a Candidate at-the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, complaining of an undue Election and Return for she said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 29th Day of this Instaut March, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Bryant, Esquire; and also the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaston, otherwise Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 17th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Petitioners thereunto subscribed, who are Freeholders of the County of Radnor, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 19th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Midleton, the Honourable William Brodrick, and Charles Townshend, Esquire, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of and also, the

Petition of Thomas Everett, Esquire, and Thomas Batt, Gentleman, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 26th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Seale, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the ist Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, Esquire, the Reverend William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 3d Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being entitled to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, respecting the Right of Election for the Town and County of the Town of Poole, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 8th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Nathaniel Newnham, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 1 oth Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, who by immemorial Custom and Usage have a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally com-Vol. 47.

plaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 15th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Af emoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Borough of Stirling, and William Anderson, Esquire, eldest Baillie and Chief Magistrate of that Borough, and Delegate commissioned for the said Borough at the late Election, held for choosing a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of which it is one, in the room of Sir Arc deceased,

James Francis Erskine, of Forrest, Esquire, Burgess anti

Delegate commissioned for the Borough of Dunfermline, Thomas Mattson, Writer in Burgess and

Delegate elected by a Majority of legal Voters for the Borough of Inverkeithing, Alexander Esquire, Advocate, elected Delegate for the said Borough of Dunfermline, by the Magistrates and Councillors thereof, who did not vote for the aforesaid James Francis Erskine, Mr. William Robertson, Advocate Burgess and Delegate, chosen for the Borough of by a legal Meeting of the Council thereof, and of Mr. Archibald Stewart, Junior, Burgess and Councillor of Queensferry, Delegate elected for that Borough, by a Majority of legal Votes, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Stirling, Inver/ccishing, DuCu/ross, and

Queensferry, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 17th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham, and George Porter, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of in the County of Southampton, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 22d Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Basil William Douglas, commonly called Lord Daer, one of the Candidates in the last Election of a Burgess to servo in Parliament for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, he taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 24th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, all legal Voters of the Borough of Wa in the County "of Warwick, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 29th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of be

taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 31st Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Bebalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough of upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, paying Scotland Lot within the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said Borough in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors of the said Borough, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough,

l»e

7° Mar

A. 1792.

be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 7th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Af-

ternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Wilson ley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward John Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Yeoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle, respecting the Right of Election for the said City be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 12th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of

And the said Fifteen Members being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Payne, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a par- Account of ticular Account of the Expenditure of the Money ad- ^xf^‘l"re vanced to the Solicitors of the Impeachment against ur

whose in ames are thereunto suoscrmea, sectors 01 Warren Hastings, Esquire, and of such other Expences SSimt Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Li- an(j Charges as have been incurred by the said Solicitors Mr. Hastings, forty of Westminster ;and also, the: Petition of several since the 15th D 1788, to the present ordered-

Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of xiine, as near as the same can be ascertained, specifying Westminster.paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are tQ whom and on what Account, such Sums have been thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on

Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, respecting the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 14th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several Parties,

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to Norfolk and whom the Petition of several Owners of Estates situate near the Sea, and others whose Estates have been and p^ti0„meDt are liable to be affected by the Overflowing of the reported. Sea on the North-East Parts of the County of Norfolk, and some Parts of the County of Suffolk, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the

with Orders for their Attendance accordingly; said Petition, and had directed him to report the same,

Committee on 50 much of King’s Speech as

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act The Order of the Day being read, for the House to made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King James

a. 1! a. _ 1 i? i. — ! a 1. _ _ C 1 _ 1 _ 1 _ I T 4V'k /\ t 4 m 4K b-v a J a. i. — ^I a _ — J

and, in such of the Cases as respected Rights of Election, the usual Notices were again inserted in The London Gazette, and sent to the Returning Officers.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious relates tcTthe Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 31st Duke and Day of January last, as relates to making a suitable Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most Gracious

Duchess of York.

the First, for the speedy Recovery of many Thousand Acres of Marsh Ground, and other Ground, within the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, lately surrounded by the Rage of the Sea in divers Parts of the said Counties, and for the Prevention of the Danger of the like surrounding the reafter, was read: And,

Mr. Isaac Lenny, a Surveyor, being examined, said.

Bedford

Borough

Election

Committee

appointed.

Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to That several considerable Breaches have lately been lL" ~~:J r' made by the Sea, in the Banks or Cliffs on the Coast

between Great Yarmouth and Happisburgh, in the County of Norfolk, and some Parts of the County of Suffolk, from which considerable Damage has been done by the Overflowing and lodging a Quantity of Sand and Stone over many Thousand Acres of Land; and that unless effectual Means are provided for protecting and preserving such Lands, the same will be rendered useless, and of no Value to the Owners: Then,

William Deam, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Powers granted by the said Act of King James the First, arc in several respects insufficient for effectually preserving the said Lands; and that Doubts have arisen respecting the Authority of the Commissioners to assess and make Rates — that there is not at present any Indemnity to the Commissioners, nor any Limitation of Actions.

the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl of Monungton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Earl of Mornington reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists which had been struck by the said Counsel

Thomas Glover Ewen, Esquire, confirmed the fore- . in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names going Evidence.

of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, to Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for which last mentioned List, the Names of William more effectually preserving certain Lands and Grounds, Mainwaring, Esquire, ami William Baker, Esquire, within the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, from Injury being added, the same was called over; and is as follows: or Damage by the Sea: And that Sir John Wodehouse,

The Honourable John Somers Cocks, Robert Williams Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Mr. Henry , do pre-

Vaughan, Esquire, Alexander Brodie. Esquire, the pare, and bring in, the same.

Right honourable Lieutenant General John Burgoyne,

Thomas Champion Crespigny, Esquire, Matthew Mon- A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Petitions for

tagu, Esquire, James Hare, Esquire, Lawrence Palk, Marketand the adjacent Villages, in the County of Abolition Esquire, Sir William Scott, George Best, Esquire, Sir Norfolk: And also, Trad*. a>e

Henry Clinton, Knight of the most Honourable Order A Petition of the Corporation and Inhabitants of of the Bath, Joseph RandyU Burch, Esquire, James Glastonbury, in the County of Somerset: And also,

Walwyn, Esquire, William Mainwaring, Esquire, Wil- A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Win-ham Baker, Esquire . canton, in the County of Somerset: And also,

H A Petition

A Petition of the Freeholders and other Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of Agmondesham, in the County of Bucks: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Citizens, and Inhabitants of the City of Rochester: And also,

A Petition of the Ship Owners and other Inhabit* ants of South Shields and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital and Free Bur-gasses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Reverend the Presbytery of Irvine: And also,

A Petition of the Incorporation of Weavers in Glasgow: And also,

A Petition of the Presbytery of Brechin: And also, A Petition of the Guildry Incorporation of the Burgh of Perth:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

ingliam Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to ited* Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable n e ' Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

th and Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do make the Report ileyCanal ^rom the Committee to whom the Petition of Sir Henry tion Hunloke, Baronet, and Edward Miller Mundy, Esquire,

rted. was referred.

Mr. Pierrepont accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, was read: And,

Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said, That it is practicable to make a Navigable Communication from the said Canal upon Stanton , to the several Coal Mines in the Lordships of West Hallam and Shipley, in the County of Derby: And he further said. That the making and maintaining the said Navigable Communication will be of great public Utility, and of Benefit to the Petitioners, who are willing to do the same at their own Expence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near the Collieries in Shipley, in the County of Derby, to the Ereioash Canal on Stanton Heath, in the said County: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the same.

erby and Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to r ati*/ whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, tion re- Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, «d. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had Vol. 47.

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr,

John Rennie being examined, said. That by Surveys lately taken, it appears practicable to make a Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, from or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the County of York, to or near Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several Navigable Branches, to or near Coin, Rochdale, and Oldham, in the said County of Lancaster.

Mr. Archdeacon Traverse being examined, said, That the making such Canal and Branches will be the Means of opening a certain Communication for the Conveyance of Coals and other Minerals, Wares, Merchandise, and other Commodities, between the East and West Seas, and the intermediate Towns of Manchester,

Rochdale, Half ax, and other manufacturing Towns, whereby the Trade between the Towns of Hull and Liverpool and the aforesaid Places, will be greatly promoted, and the Agriculture of a very populous Country materially assisted, by being supplied with Lime and other Manure, at a moderate Expence; and the said Canal and Branches will, in many other Respects, be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or next Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several Collateral Cuts from the said Canal: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Bury, Roch-Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, was presented to da,e>and the House, and read; Setting forth, That, pursuant to an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Presto-lee " Bridge, in the Township of Little Lever, and from " thence, by One Branch, to or near the Town of Bolton, and by another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, and to Weddell Brook, in the Parish of Bury,

" all in the County Palatine of Lancaster," great Progress hath been made in cutting and making the said Canal; and that an Extension thereof, to be made from Bury aforesaid to the Town of Rochdale, and from thence to Chelburn and to Dean, otherwise Deyne Head, in the said County, or to or near the same, with the like Estates, Authorities, and Powers, to be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, and to be made subject to the like Rules, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are comprised in the said Act, would be of great public Utility, of considerable Advantage to the Country, and very desirable to the said Company of Proprietors: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effectuate the aforesaid Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Petition. Traders, and other Inhabitants, Owners and Occu- nSainst D* piers of Mills, Lands, and other Hereditaments, in <'ana '

6 N the

Walker s Nat. Bill committed.

Doxat*s and B rand t/s Nat. Bill committed.

Gourgas’s and Soret's Nat. Bill committed.

Hereford

Cathedral

Petition.

506 7® Martii. 1792.

the several Parishes of Btlry, Middleton, and Rockdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names ace thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed that a BUI is depending in the House for making a Navigable Canal from to or near Rochdale, and from thence to Chelbum or Deanhead, through the Parishes of Bury, Middleton, and Rochdale, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and that the Petitioners are principally concerned and interested in the Trade and Manufactures of the said County, and it does not appear to them that the proposed Navigation is calculated to afford Accommodations to its Trade or Commerce, or that it will be of public Utility; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will prove extremely prejudicial to the Property of many of the Petitioners, and to others it wiU do irreparable Injury: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, if necessary, against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Dean and Chapter of Hereford for ithe Time being arises, and to repay the Principal and Interest of such Sum so borrowed according to a Plan, and under Regulations, simUar to those contained in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, " by msdcing Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, re-building, repairing, or purchasing " Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tencmeats, for the Use of their Benefices," or otherwise that the House will take the Petitioners Case into Consideration, and give them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir George Corne-

toall, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Richard Walker, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Blackburne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John Alphonso and

Charles Frederick Brandt, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John Mark and James

Soret, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Year 1786 a very great Calamity was experienced by the Petitioners, in the Downfall of the West End of the said Cathedral Church, and the other Parts of it are in a decayed and ruinous State; and that the Sum of 2,oooo/. and upwards (over and above the Sum of 6,029/. 9s- received by Voluntary Contribution, and the Produce of their Fabrick Fund) has been expended in restoring the said West End, and it will require the further Sum of 5,600 and upwards to complete the said West End, and the necessary Repairs of the other ruinous Parts of the said Cathedral Church; and that the Average Income of their Fabrick Estates does not exceed the Annual Sum of 200l. including Fines, reserved Rents, and all other Profits and Emoluments thereto belonging, and there is no other Fund out of which the Petitioners have a Right to apply any Sum for the Purpose of re-building and repairing the said Church; and that, in Aid of the Produce of the said Fabrick Estates, the Petitioners have it in Contemplation to raise a Sum not exceeding 4,00.0/. upon Mortgage of other Estates, out of which the proper Income of the Dean and Chapter of the said Cathedral Church, for the Time being, arises: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower them to raise a Sum not exceeding 4,000l. for the Purposes aforesaid, in Aid of their said Fabrick Fund, upon the Security of the other Estates, out of which the Income of the

Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to Langport Order, a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, and Somer-of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, *°n>&c-and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of through

the Towns of Langport and Somerto to , and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads from Castlecary to Sparkjord, and from the Cross Roads at Galhampion to the Sherborne Turnpike Road leading to Wincanton, and from the Cross Roads in Langport Eastover to the Martock Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Longsutton, and from the Direction Post on the said Martock Turnpike Road to the Ivelchester Turnpike Road, in the Parish of -don, and from Marshall's Elm, in the Parish of,

to the Somerton Turnpike Road, in the Parish of King-zveston, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- Croieombt tain Commons or Waste Lands, being Parts of and Dinder

Lyatt, and Hinder Hill, within the Parishes of Croscombe

and Hinder, in the County of Somerset, was read the *>ass* ’ Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands, being Parts of Mendip, Lyatt, and Hinder Hill, within the Parishes of Croscombe and Hinder, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the BiH to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do make the Report from Reedsdale the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing, allot- and Coma-ting, and inclosing certain Waste Lands, Moors, or jjfur^orteT Commons, within the Manor of Reedsdale, and Parish 1 r p r of Qorsenside, in the County of Northumberland, was committed.

Mr. Phelips accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be-true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates, having Right of Common of the Annual Value of 14/. 17$. who could not be met with; and that the whole Property having Right of

« Common

1

7° AtartiL

32 Geo. III.

507

Common is of the Annual Value of l,£78I. 'is.; and that no Person appeared'before the'Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone -through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Oaoe read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroseed.

A Petition of William Wa Esquire, on Behalf r of himself and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, ever since the Establishment of a Naval Arsenal for the Use of His Majesty at Plymouth Dock, great Inconveniences hare been experienced, and considerable Expences incurred, in the Conduct of the various Branches of His Majesty’s Service there, for want of a Stream of fresh Water;

and that the Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth

Dock, which is a large and populous Place, having

but a scanty and precarious Supply of fresh Water

from Wells, which sometimes dry in the Summer, have always laboured under great Disadvantages on this Account, and been put to considerable Expence, and the Town itself is not only much exposed to Accidents from Fire by reason thereof, but is much less healthy than it would be if a sufficient Supply of Water could be obtained to keep the same clean and wholesome; and that the Petitioner, more than Two Years since, laid before the Duke of Richmond, Master General of the Ordnance, a Plan for conveying to Plymouth Dock, at a moderate and reasonable Rate, a sufficient Stream of good and wholesome fresh Water for the Supply of all the Branches of His Majesty’s Service carried on there, and of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and also for conveying a sufficient Stream thereof to His Majesty’s Marine Barracks at Stonehouse for supplying the same, which Plan is transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of accomplishing the Objects above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Phelips, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ghamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Gilbert Beckett,

Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Turner, pursuant to the Will of Martha Turner, Widow, deceased, was read the Third Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Gilbert Beckett, Esquire,

and his Issue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Turner, pursuant to the Will of MarthaTumcr, Widow, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t

A Bill for naturalizing John William Heniig was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr, Blacklmrne, .: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the- Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vor,. 47.

The Houste was moved, That the PetRidn of Jacob Ander»on’« Andersen, which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Tithe, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whotn the said Bill is committed; and that they do admit the Petitioner Into the said Bill, if they think fit.

Mr. Aldertoan Watson reported from the Committee, St. Botolph

to whom the Petition of James Cole, Isaac Kellett, - £ nah Kellett, Robert Undermood, Elizabeth Underwood, reported. William Charles Ranspach, Elizabeth Joseph

Custers, Charles Bowker, Ann Cooper, William Water-house, Margrat Waterhouse, Rebecca Custers, Henry Duffield, Susanna Duffield, Thomas Trump, John Alex-

ander, Isabella Alexander, Thomas Burgess, Elizabeth Burgess, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereurtto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Persons, who have advanced Monies on Annuities for their Lives, granted by virtue of a Faculty obtained from the Ecclesiastical Court of the Lord Bishop of London, and of several Orders of Vestry of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgalc, in the City of London, made for repairing the Parish Church, and building a new Workhouse for the said Parish; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Botolph without A/dersgale, in the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Solomon Hougham, an Inhabitant of the Ward of Alders-gate Without, produced a Note from the Reverend Mr.

Garden, the Minister of the Parish, dated 23d 1787, representing the decayed State of the Church, and directed to Mr. Hougham, the Brother of the Witness, who was at that Time One of the Churchwardens; and being examined, he said, The same is Mr. Gardens Hand Writing: Then,

Mr. Joint Bristow, Surveyor, being examined, said,

That he did, in consequence of Directions from the Churchwardens (of whom Mr. Hougham was one) survey the Church of Saint Botolph without Aldcrsgate, and made a Report thereof to the Churchwardens, in Substance as follows: That the old Part of the Church was in a ruinous State, and that ft was necessary the same should undergo a thorough Repair, or be rebuilt.

Mr. Paul Postan, the Vestry Clerk of the said Pari sh, being examined, said, That on the 23d of August 1787, the Churchwardens informed the Vestry that they had received a Letter from the Reverend Mr. Garden, requesting that they would take into Consideration the then present decayed State of the Church: That the Vestry took the same into Consideration, and resolved unanimously that the Church should be repaired —

That on the 28th of August, at another Vestry held, the Report of the Proceedings of the former Vestry having been read, it was resolved that the Church should undergo a general Repair and Improvement — That on the 11th of September following, another Vestry was held, at which the Proceedings of the former Vestry were read and" confirmed, and the Particulars of the general Repairs ascertained; and, in Addition, it was resolved, That the Church should be fitted up and made as commodious as possible, and that the Churchwardens should apply to Doctors Commons for a Faculty for that Purpose, and which Faculty was

afterwards

L

508 7* Martii. A. 1T92.

afterwards obtained; and further, that the Churchwardens should borrow for the Repairs of the Church a Sum of 3,000l., on Life Annuities; and by the Votes of several subsequent general Vestries, that Sum was increased to 12,750 /. of which the Sum of 12,225/. was raised, and for which Annuities were granted to several Persons, and Bonds executed accordingly by the Churchwardens, Overseers, and other Inhabitants. Then,

Mr. William Powell, the Master of the Workhouse of the said Parish, being examined, said, That the old Workhouse was in a ruinous State in the Years 1786 and 1787, and was also too small to contain the Poor of the said Parish; and that by an Order of Vestry a new one was built upon a larger Scale, and in a different Situation; the Expence of which he does not know, but says the Money was directed to be raised on Annuities for Lives. Then,

Mr. Solomon Hougham being further examined, said, That the Sum of 4,650 /. was raised for building the Workhouse, and that Annuities were granted in like Manner as for the Church — That the Money raised for the Church was laid out upon the Church, and the Money raised for the Workhouse was laid out upon the Workhouse, and Accounts were kept distinct from each other — That the Annuitants were regularly paid their several Annuities out of the Parish Rates or Assessments up to Lady Day 1791, but from that Time, from some legal Doubts which have arisen, the Payments in respect thereof have been since discontinued.

William Blake, Esquire, one of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, being examined, said, That many of the principal Inhabitants of the Ward, as well as himself, are desirous that Relief should be granted to the Annuitants. Then,

James Ramsbottom, Esquire, another Inhabitant of the said Parish, confirmed Mr. Blake's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Botolph without aiders gate, in the City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a new Workhouse: And that Mr. Alderman Watson and Mr. Alderman Harley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Stone’s A Petition of William Stone, of Rutland Place, in the

Petition. City of London, Coal Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at a Manufactory of considerable Extent in the Neighbourhood of London, for the Preparation of Volatile Alkali, Glauber Salts, and a Variety of Chemical Operations, the Petitioner has built a great Number of Coke Furnaces, the Heat arising from which is employed in the above Purposes, but the high Duty laid on Coals prevents the Coke burnt in them from being vended but at a great Loss, as the Coke which is burnt at Newcastle upon Tyne is from Coals which pay no Duty, and the Coke when imported into the Port of London pays very little more than Half the Duties laid on Coals; and that till of late the Whole of the Sal Ammoniac used in this Country was imported from Egypt, but if the Coke burnt in the Furnaces at the Manufactory thereof could be vended without Loss, the whole Consumption of this Country would not only be provided for by Manufactures at home, but foreign Markets might be supplied from hence, tq the great Advantage of this Country: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of the Manufactory of Sal Ammoniac, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr.

Alderman Harley, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Schroder's the Bill for naturalizing Herman Schroder, was commit- K*

ted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Middleton the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the tionreported. Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greata Bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Zachary Hubbersty informed your Committee,

That there is now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Acts a considerable Sum of Money, which cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term of Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over

G otherly Moor, to Greata Bridge, and from thence to Boai'es, in the North Riding of the County of York:

And that Mr. Burdon, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr.

combe, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, raising, widening, West Auck-repairing, and preserving the Road leading from the land Road North End of the Turnpike Road, called The Coal Bl11 Road, near West Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elsdon Turnpike Road, at or near Elishaw, in the County of Northumberland, and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient Bridges,

Mounts, and Batteries upon the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike Road, called The Coal Road, near West Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elsdon Turnpike Road, at or near Elishaw, in the County of Northumberland, and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries upon the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Heneage reported from the Committee, to whom Avebury In-the Bill for dividing and allotting several Open and closure Bill Common Lands and Grounds within the Parish of reported.

Avebury,

j

32 Geo. III.

7° Mar.

509

Avebury, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 7 Acres of Land and 15 Cow Commons, who was against the Bill; and also, the Proprietor of 64 Acres, 42 Cow Commons, and 250 Sheep Commons, who could not be met with; and also, the Proprietor of 3 Cow Commons, who declared himself neuter; and that the whole Property to be affected by the Bill consists of 1,178 Acres, the Cow Commons to 231, and the Sheep Commons to 3,110; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Benjamin Vaughan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill.to the Three Mile at the

Top of Cherrill Hill, in the County of Wilts; and for more effectually amending the Turnpike Road from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Residents in the Towns of Manchester, Ashton under and Oldham, in the County of Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Lees being examined, said, That the making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Manchester to or near the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, all in the County of Lancaster, will afford an useful, short, and easy Communication between the Towns of Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, and the adjacent Country, open an Introduction to Vo 1, 47.

many valuable and extensive Mines of Coal and other Minerals, and will also in other Respects be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Town of Manchester, to or near the Towns of Ashton

under Lyne and Oldham, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr.

Blackbume do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, Voxford and to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping Aldc-Luri.h in Repair, the several Roads, or Branches of Road, leading from the Parishes of Yoxford, and

Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aide-burgh, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Fill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Merchants, Owners, and Com- Petition in manders of Ships and Vessels, Pilots, and others, on |’»v‘>,iro'<he Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants f0['fn'prov-of the Town and Port of Dover, was presented to the ing Dover House, and read; Setting forth, That the Harbour of Harbour.-Dover, from its Situation and Utility, hath for Ages past been justly considered as a Place of great Importance, more especially in Times of War; and that a Duty of only Three Halfpence per Ton is now payable by Act of Parliament for the Repair of the said Harbour, and the Money arising from the said Duty is by no means adequate to the Expence that is indispensably necessary for the Support and Improvement of the said Harbour; and that a Petition has been lately presented to the House, by the Warden and Assistants incorporated for the Management of the Harbour of Dover, for Leave to bring in a Bill for some further Provision for the said Harbour: And therefore praying the House to make such further Provision for the Support and Improvement of the Harbour of Dover as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Warden and Assistants of Dover Harbour, under their Common Seal, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing *

the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act, made in Duties

the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Ma- 0u Malt jesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty passed.

" additional Duties upon Malt," be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties " upon Malt."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for re-

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for repeal- l^rl

ing a certain Part of the Duty upon all Candles candid, "

6 O (except passed. ’

510

7° — 8° Martii.

A. 1792.

(except Wax and Spermaceti Candles) be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing a certain Part of the Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles).

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report on Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Act for Sup- the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Greenland atl ^ct» macle in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign &c. Fish- ’ of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the ries deferred. " further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's " Streights," be received Tomorrow Morning.

American Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-deferredll' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

e ‘ House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Bill for pre- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-venung. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bayment of upon the explaining and amending an Act,

Seamens passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Wages, &c. present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further deferred. preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and " Seamen on Board any of His Majesty's Ships;’* and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships.

Bill to amend Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Mom-

n't'oTthe*0" 'n?> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Encourage- House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an nisnt of Sea- Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his fer"’/0" late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An u,c " Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in

" the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them more " easily and readily to remit the same for the Support " of their Wives and Families, and for preventing " Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve iteelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 8* die Martii;

Committee on the Public Income and Expenditure, &c. deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

Anno 32° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the thereunder signed Inhabit- Petitions for ants of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, an Abolition

and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also, of^e Slav*

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of r *' the Town and Neighbourhood of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon: And also,

A Petition of the Freeholders and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Town, Parish, and Neighbourhood of the ancient Borough and Port of Llanelly, in the County of Carmarthen And also,

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stockport, in the County of Chester: And also,

A Petition of the Portreeve and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Darlington, in the County of Durham, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, the Inhabitants of the Parish of Stanhope, and Forest Quarter of Weardale, in the County of Durham :And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks: And also,

A Petition of the Marischal College and University of Aberdeen: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunder signed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks: And also,

A Petition of certain of the principal Inhabitants of Hexham, and Neighbourhood of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Inhabitants of the Borough of Saint Mawcs:

Were severally presented to the House, and read:

Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Maimoaring reported from the Committee, to St- l>aDCras whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Ground &c other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in Petition re-the County of Middlesex, in Vestry assembled, was re- ported, ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it m at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Richard Holbrook being examined, said, That from the

3£ Geo. III. 8° Martii. 511

the great Increase of Inhabitants, the Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish is become too small; and it is therefore necessary that a Piece of Ground should be provided for the Purpose of enlarging the same, or to be made use of as an additional Burial Ground — That there is a Foot Path leading through the present Burial Ground, which is of no public Utility, by Means whereof the said Burial Ground is greatly exposed; and the shutting up the said Path cannot be attended with any Inconvenience, as another Path, sufficiently convenient, may be made in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the Parish of Saint Pancin the County of Middlesex, and for shutting up the present Foot Path leading through the Church Yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof: And that Mr. , Mr.

Byng, and Mr. Coxhead, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

ingham Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to 1 Peti- whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed report- for the Care of the Hoad from through

Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of , to the City of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, was read: And,

Mr. James Hebden being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof; of which the Sum of 4,000l., or thereabouts, now remains due, with an Arrear of Interest — That the said Road cannot be completed and kept in Repair, nor the Monies now due and owing be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from through fVetherby, to the City of: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Duncombe, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

itig's Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

bill to whom the Bill for naturalizing John William 'rte<)' was committed; and to whom the Petition of Jacob Anderson, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

on for A Petition of George Dempster, of Skibo, and John jeis Hamilton Dempster, of in the County of

uther- VOL. 47-

loads.

Sutherland, was presented to the House, and read; Set ting forth, That the Mode hitherto authorized of making the High Roads and Communications, and of exacting the Statute Labour for those Purposes, within the Sheriff-dom or Counties of Caithness and Sutherland, have been found to be inadequate to the Purposes intended, whereby they are deprived of the Advantages arising from good Roads and Bridges, and the Progress of Improvement in that remote Part of the Country retarded; and that the Petitioners, Landholders within the said Sheriffdom or Counties, feeling these Disadvantages, and desirous of having the same removed, made the necessary Notifications, as directed by the Standing Orders of the House, that they intended to apply in this Session of Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for making new Roads and Communications in the said Sheriffdom or Counties, repairing the present Roads and Communications there, and for those Purposes converting the Statute Labour within the same,

&c.: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, to the above Effect, in such Manner and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Sinclair of Ulbster, Baronet, Sir Robert Anstruther, of Bylbster, Baronet, William IIany man, of Stralhy, Esquire, Alexander Sinclair, of Barroch,

Esquire, Robert Sinclair, of Fresuick, Esquire, George Mackay, of Bighouse, Esquire, James Horne, one of the Writers to His Majesty’s Signet, all Landholders in the

Sheriffdom or Counties of Caithness and Sutherland, i$ referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Benyon presented to the House, according to pet Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in rough and Repair, the Road leading from Swanspool Bridge, in the pho7,le/?» City of Peterborough, to the Town of Thorncy, in the patented Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for altering the Course of some Part of the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom Carmarthen the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Justices of the *jao! and Peace, Burgesses, Inhabitants, Landholders, and Pro- peiiV\m&C" prietors of Lands and Houses within the County of reported, the Borough of Carmarthen, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with (except that the Notice required by the said Standing Orders to be given at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions was not given till the Christmas Sessions, there being only Two Sessions in a Year held for the said County Borough, neither of which are at Michaelmas, and therefore Notices were given at the next ensuing Sessions, and also inserted in the Newspapers Three Times in the Months of November and December last); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Hill being examined, said, That the Town and County of the said Borough is ill supplied with Water, whereby the Inhabitants are liable to great Mischiefs in Cases of Fire — That the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages within the said Borough, and Liberties and Precincts thereof, are very ill paved and cleansed.

Cirencester, \'c. Small Debts Petition.

8a Martii. A. 1792.

and incommodious to Passengers, by reason of various Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions; and many Disorders and Irregularities are frequently committed in the Night Time, for want of the said Streets and other Places being properly lighted and watched.

The Witness further said, That the Gaol of the County of the said Borough is very much confined, and insufficient for the Purpose, being unwholesome and dangerous to the Healths of Persons confined therein, and a Nuisance to the Neighbourhood, inso much that the same has lately been presented in His Majesty’s Court of Great Sessions for the said County Borough. He also said, That, although required by Law, there is not at present any House of Correction within the said County Borough, from the Want of which great Inconveniences have arisen; it has therefore become necessary and expedient that the present Gaol should be taken down, and a new Gaol and House of Correction built in a more convenient Situation.

And the Witness added, That the remedying the several Inconveniences above mentioned will not only be of Benefit, Safety, and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town and County Borough, but will also be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Roads, and public Passages, and for widening and making the same more commodious, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Rice and Mr. Philipps do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Town of , in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That many Persons, to whom the Petitioners, and others residing in the said Town, and within the several Hundreds of Cirencester,

Bar rone, Rapsall, Bradley, Bisley, Longtree, Crcne-thorne, and Mincty, in the said County of Gloucester, in the Course of their Dealings, are obliged to give Credit for small Sums, taking Advantage of the Difficulties their Creditors lie under in the Recover}’ of such Sums by the present Forms of Law, frequently refuse, although w'ell able, to pay their just Debts, to the great Loss and Detriment of the fair Trader, and the Prevention of useful Credit; and that the Petitioners apprehend the establishing of a Jurisdiction within the said Town and Hundreds, under proper Regulations, for the Recovery of Small Debts, in a Way less expensive and more expeditious than the present Methods, would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said Town and Hundreds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Phelips, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Carmarthen holders, and others, of the County of Carmarthen Roa^s was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth’ PetitioB-That the Roads leading from the East Corner of Golden Grove Park Wall, where the Iron Gate formerly stood, situate in the Parish of Llandilofaur, by a new Wall lately erected on the North Side of the said Park, through the several Parishes of Llandilofaur, Llanvihangel Aberbythych, and Llanarthney, in

the County of Carmarthen, to, and as far as, the Turnpike Road leading from the new Bridge built over the River Toney, at or near a certain Ford, called Llandilo-yr-ynys Ford, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llanddarog, in the said County, and also, the Roads from the North Corner of a certain Field, Part of Bcrllandoneill Demesne, called Cae-Cappel-Issa, situate in the Parish of Llangathen, in the said County of Carmarthen, across the River Toney, at or near a certain Ford, called Rhyd-y-Cappel, in the same Parish of Llangathen, through the Village and Parish of Llanvihangel Aberbythych, in the same County, to a certain Place, called Castell-y-Garreg, in the Parish of Llanvihangel Aberbythych aforesaid, in the said County, and from thence across the great Mountain, and over and across a certain Turnpike Road there leading from the Village of Llandibyc, to the Village of Llanddarog, in the same County, through the Village of Llanon, to, and as far as, the Town of Llanelly, in the same County, in, by, and through the several Parishes of Llangathen, Llanvihangel Aberbythych, Llanarthney,

Llandibye, Llanon, and Llanelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and from the said Road in the Parish of Llanvihangel Aberbythych aforesaid, to

wenlles and the Village of Llandibye, in the said County, and also, the Roads leading from the Site of an old House on the great Mountain, where Walter Rees Thomas formerly lived, over Gilfach and Lands, to join a certain Turnpike Road leading from the Market-Town of Landilo, in the County of Carmarthen, to Pontarddulais, on the Borders of the County of Glamorgan, over Mynydd Fwrws, near to a certain Place, called Cefengwilly House, through the several Parishes of Llandibye and Llanedy, in the same County; and also, from a certain Place, called Pedairheol, by a Smith’s Forge near Porthyrhyd in the Parish of Llanddarog aforesaid, to and over a certain Farm, called Brynddu, in the Parish of Llanon, through the several Parishes of Llanddarog, Llanarthney, and Llanon, in the said County, and also, from a certain Place, called Cross Inn, situate in the Parish of Llangathen, on the Turnpike Road leading from Llandilofaur aforesaid, to the Market-Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, over the River Torwy, through a certain Ford, called Ford,

in the Parish of Llangathen aforesaid, to a certain other Turnpike Road leading from Llandibye aforesaid to Llanddarog aforesaid, over the great Mountain, and hereinbefore described through the several Parishes of Llangathen, Llanarthney, Llanvihangel Aberbythych, and Llandibye, in the said County of Carmarthen, and also, from Pedairhed aforesaid, by a Smith's Forge near Porthyrhyd, in the Parish of Llanddarog aforesaid, on the South Side of the River Gxcendraethfach, above a Farm House called Torr-y-coed, and under Pontom turn Van, and near a certain House called Mancha, otherwise Memea, over the South Side of Mynydd-y-garreg, to the Town of Kidwelly, in, by, and through the several Parishes of Llanddarog, Llan-gendeim, Kidwelly, and the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Kidwelly and County aforesaid, and also, from a Smith’s Forge near a certain House, called The Star, in the Parish of Penbie, on the Turnpike Road, leading from the Town of Kidwelly to the Town of

Llanelly,

Montrose

Bridge

Petition

reported.

32 Geo. III. 8° Martii.

513

Llanelly, in the said County, to a certain Bridge, called Pontneraydd, on the Confines of the several Parishes of Penbie and Llangendeim, in the said

County, and from the last mentioned Bridge to a certain other Bridge, called Pontyatcs, in the Parish of Llangendeim, in, by, and through, the aforesaid

Parishes of Penbie and Llangendeim, in the same

County, and also, from a certain Point lying be-

tween two Places, called Cenji and Pentrey in the Parish of Kidwelly and Saint Mary Kidwelly on the said Road, leading from Porthyryd to Kidwelly to or near a certain Place, called fannerdy, on the aforesaid Road, leading from Pontnewydd to Pontyatcs, in, by, and through, the Parish of Llangendeim aforesaid, and from or near a certain Place, called Cae Hean Cadfaur, in the Parish of Llangendeim, to, and as far as, the Pontenwein Turnpike Road aforesaid, and also, from a certain Place, called Exam Eynon, in the Parish of Llangendeim aforesaid, over Bryncock, to a certain other Place in the same Parish, at and under The Van, on the Road leading from the Town of Carmarthen to the Town of Llanelly, commonly called The Pontantxm Turnpike Uoad, through the Parish of Llangendeim, and County aforesaid, are much out of Repair, and extremely inconvenient, narrows and founderous, and the River Toxry, at the said several Places called Rhyd-y-Cappcl and Drttysllwyn, in the said Parish of Llangathen, is at all Times dangerous, by reason of large Stones and rapid* Currents, and often rendered impassable by Floods, so that Travellers and Carriages are often impeded, and cannot conveniently pass along such lloads, or cross the said River at the Places aforesaid, with Safety, and the said Roads cannot be effectually formed, amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, nor can the Passages across the said River Tcnvy, at the said several Places aforesaid, be rendered safe and commodious, unless Bridges are built thereon, and Ferry Boats regularly established and kept on the said River at the several Places aforesaid, until such Bridges shall be erected; and that it would be of the greatest Benefit, Convenience, and Utility, to the Petitioners, and to all other Persons residing near, or having Occasion to travel upon, the said Roads, if the same were properly formed, diverted, widened, and rendered commodious for Travellers and Carriages, and Bridges erected on such River, at or near the several Places aforesaid, and good and sufficient Ferry Boats provided, established, and kept at the said several Places aforesaid, until such Bridges shall be built to render the passing of the said Puver - at all Times safe and commodious: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for diverting, making, forming, amending, and widening of the said several and respective Roads, and keeping the same in good Repair, and for building of Two several and sufficient Bridges over the River Tuzvy, at or near the said several Places called Rhyd-y-Cappel and Drcxiysllwyn, in the Parish of Llanga-then, and for providing and establishing proper Ferry Boats on the said River, at the said several Places, until such Bridges shall be built and erected, after such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rice, Mr. Philipps, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. David Scott reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the Burgh of Montrose, apd of the Vo l. 47.

Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Forfary North Britain, w as referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with (except that the Notices which are required to be given in the Newspapers in the Months of August and September9 were, by Mistake, given in June and July); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the River South Esk, which is broad, deep, and rapid, intersects the Great Road from Edinburgh and the South of Scotland, by Montrose, to Aberdeen, and other Parts of the North, and the Ferry across the same is inconvenient and dangerous — That if a Bridge was to be built across the said River, at or near MontrosCy the Communication between the different Parts of the Country will be rendered more expeditious and convenient, and the same will also be advantageous to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar, and for making suitable Approaches thereto: And that Mr. David Scotty Mr. Barclay, and Mr. Ferguson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Commit- Folkestone tee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading.out of the Turnpike Road from Dover, ^Jd^^com-through Folkestone, to Flylhe, at a certain Place called muted. Canterbury Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, to a certain Place in the Parish of Folkestone, called Mudshole, and for making a new Road from

o

thence, through a certain Field, called Yaldcrgatesy through Rainden Woody over Swingjidd Minnis, through Denton, and for repairing and w idening the Road from thence to the Direction Post on Barham Downs, in the Parish of Barham^ at The Four Vents, w as committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and alter- Hand Cross ing the Pow ers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening ^manned the Roads from Hand Cross to Corner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Stcyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to the Maypole, in the Town of llenjieldy in the County of Sussex; and also for keeping in Repair a certain Branch of Road leading from the Direction Post near a certain Place, called The Crab Tree, in the Parish of Beeding, otherwise Seal, through the Parishes of Nuthurst and Horsham, to the Town of Horsham, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His 6 P present

present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand Cross to Comer House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning, and fro/n Coi ner House aforesaid to the

Maypole, in the Town of H in the County of Sussex, and also for keeping in Repair a certain Branch of Road leading from the Direction Post near a certain Place called The Crab Tree, in the Parish of Seeding, otherwise Seal, through the Parishes of hurst and Horsham, to the Town of in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Aldridge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Horn-blower’s Bill presented.

Sir William Lemon presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for vesting in Jonathan Hornblower, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of certain Machines or Engines for raising Water and other Liquids, commonly called Eire Engines, of his Invention, described therein, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bedford

Charity

Petition.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, and also of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have proceeded to carry the same into Execution, but, for the better governing, managing, regulating, and applying of the said Charity, and the Estates belonging thereto, it is necessary to alter and amend the said Act; and that the Revenues arising from the said Estates will be much increased in a short Space of Time, wherefore it will be proper and expedient to extend and enlarge the Uses and Purposes to which the Income of the said Estates is, by the said Act, directed to be applied: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter, amend, and extend the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. John, the Earl of Upper Ossory, kc.:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Leicester Mr. Parkyns reported from the Committee, to whom PoorPetition the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are reported. thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the . Borough of Leicester and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Leicester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in lus Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follov.eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Bassett being examined, said, That the Poor within the several Parishes in the said Borough and Liberties are exceedingly numerous, and are maintained at a very great and burthensome Expence: And the "Witness further said, That the Poor might be , more effectually relieved and maintained, and at much

less Expence, if Powers were given to provide a convenient Place for their Reception, and to employ and regulate them in a proper Manner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the Borough of and the Liberties thereof: And that Mr. Parkyns and Mr. Samuel Smith do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Lanerk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the High Roads betwixt the Town of Lanerk, Head Burgh of the County of Lanerk and the Town of Hamilton, are in bad Repair, inconvenient for Travellers, and dangerous for Carriages, and it would be greatly of Advantage to the Town of Lanerk, to the extensive Manufactures now carried on in the Neighbourhood thereof, and to the Country around, that a new Line of Road was made from the said Town, to cross Lanerk Bridge, and from thence, by foe South-West Side of the River of Clyde, to join the present Turnpike Road betwixt Carlisle and the Town of Hamilton, on foe Southward of Aven Bridge, near Hamilton, all in the County of Lanerk; and that the present Bridge over foe River Clyde, called Bridge,

on the High Road leading from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and from thence leading to Carlisle, is inconveniently situated for the Line of Road, and, from the Length of Time the said Bridge was built, has become insufficient, and is too narrow for the large and heavy Carriages that now pass betwixt the City of Glasgow and Carlisle, and which will also pass betwixt the said City and the Town of Lanerk so soon as the aforesaid new Road is made, and it would be of great Utility that a new Bridge was built over the said River of Clyde below the present Bridge, with proper Roads and Avenues to and from the said new Bridge: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually making and repairing the aforesaid Roads, and building the said Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of foe Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Lanerk, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear- to them, to the House.

Captain Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Town of fVinchcornh, in the County of Gloucester, and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living near the several Highways and Roads thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomus Markham being examined, said, That the Roads described in the Petition are very deep and ruinous, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, and repaired by foe ordinary Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and repairing the Roads from Swell Hold, in the Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester, to or near the Sixth Mile Stone on foe Turnpike Road leading from foe

Borough

Petition for additional Provision to Lanerk and Hamilton Roads.

Swell Wold and Cheltenham Roads Petition reported.

oombe Hill idChfclten-im Canal ill present-J.

alley Cor-ir lload "tition.

loss County

lettings

tition.

32 Geo. III. 8° Martii. 515

Borough of Tewkesbury to the Town of Stow, in the same County, and from the North-East End of the Swan Lam, in the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County, to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the Parish of Sedgborough, in the County of Worcester, and from the Town of Winchcornh, in the said County of Gloucester, by a Place called Stamp Cross, to or near the Tenth Mile Stone on the said Turnpike Road leading from Tewkesbury to Stow aforesaid: And that Captain Berkeley and Mr. Master do prepare, and bring

the same.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Foot of Coombe Hill, in the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called Fishet's, otherwise Fletchers Leap, in the Parish of Veerhurst, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the most Honourable the Marquis of Salisbury, Charles Dc Laet, Samuel Robert Gaussen, Robert Alackay, Christopher Clitheroe, James Bourchier, Thomas Richard Carter, Jonathan AJichie, Esquires, the Reverend J. Burton, D. D. and the Reverend John Kect, Clerk, Trustees appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by several Acts, made in the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Tenth and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty, certain Tolls and Duties are directed to be raised for repairing the said Road, and certain Powers are given to Trustees therein named for several Terms of Years, in the said Acts mentioned, for borrowing Money on the Credit of the said Tolls, and for other Purposes; and that a large Sum of Money is now due to several Persons, on the Credit of the said Tolls, which have been, from Time to Time, applied in repairing and improving the said Road, and widening the same in many Places; and that many Parts of the said Road are still narrow' and dangerous, particularly in and near the Town of Hatfield, in the said County of Hertford, and, if the same was widened and altered in several Places, it would tend much to the Improvement of the said Road, and the Convenience and Safety of Passengers travelling the same, but the said Improvements cannot be effected without an Addition to the Tolls now payable by the before-mentioned Acts, and an Enlargement of the Terms and Powers thereby granted; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to increase the Tolls, and enlarge the Terms and Powers, by the before-mentioned Acts granted.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baker, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, Justices of the Peace, and Landholders of the County of Ross, whose Names'are thereto annexed, assembled at the Alichaclmas Head Court of the said County, on Wednesday the nth Day of October 1786, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by some unaccountable Oversight, the Acts of Yol. 47.

Parliament, which have fixed the Head Burghs and Places of County Meetings in all the other Counties in Scotland, omit to do the same with respect to Ross* shire, and the above Omission has been the Cause of much Difference in Opinion in the said County; and that the Head Courts have been for a considerable Time past held, with some Exceptions, at Tain, which is situated at the utmost Extremity of the said County, and is a great Hardship on far the greater Part of the Inhabitants; and that the Courts ot Commissioners of Supply were held alternately at all the Royal Burghs in the County, till lately that they have been held at Tain only, which greatly increases the above-mentioned Hardship, many Commissioners being seldom able to attend and exercise their Franchises, owing to the great Fatigue and Inconvenience of such Attendance in so remote a Situation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to appoint some Central Burgh which may best accommodate the whole County, to be in all Time coming the Place for holding the public Meetings, and to be Head Burgh of the said County.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adam, Sir Charles Ross,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine and report to the House why the said Petition, which purports to have been signed on the nth Day of October 1786, was not sooner presented to the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Additional are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Messuages, Houses, Cottages, eioturc. and Tofts, having Right of Common upon the several Commons and W aste Grounds within the Hamlet of March, in the Parish of Doddington, in the Lie of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and W aste Grounds in the said Hamlet of March \ and that an Act was passed, in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and IFimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in the said Hamlet of March, are drained under the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, and, in consequence of the intended Division and Inclosure thereof, it will he necessary to alter and amend the said Act, so far as the same relates to the said Hamlet of Alarch: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for altering and amending the said Act, so far as the same relates to the said Hamlet of Alarch.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Joseph Sydney Yorke, Mr.

Dickins, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow* Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Jervis reported from the Committee, to Stone Poor whom the Bill for providing a Workhouse? for the Dill reported.

Reception

Reception of the Poor of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Phil- A Petition of William Phillips, a Minor, of the Age lips’s Peti- of Nineteen Years and upwards, by his Guardians, ill*'1 the*AC- "as Presented the House, and read; Setting forth,

plfcation for That, about the Year 1756, a Chapel of Ease was Stoke erected at Lane Eml, in the Parish of Stake upon Trent, Chapel. in the County of Stafford, by the Contribution of John Bourne, of Newcastle under in the same

County, Esquire, and other well-disposed Persons of the said Parish, for the Celebration of Divine Worship according to the Church of England as by Law established, which Chapel is erected upon the Freehold Estate of the said and, that the said

Chapel, together with the Chapel Yard for the Interment of the Dead, might for ever after he used fur the Purposes aforesaid, the said John Bourne, by Deed indented, bearing Date the 14th Day of June 1764, and enrolled in Chancery the ‘.:4th of Jw///'following, did grant, release, and confirm, not only the said Chapel and Chapel Y aid, but Four Pieces of Land which had been purchased by the said John Bourne, from Contributions as aforesaid, as an Endowment to the said Chapel, to Four Trustees therein named, and to the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, for ever, upon the special Trusts in the said Deed mentioned; and that, in order to establish the said Chapel a perpetual Curacy, i idependent of the Mother Church of Stoke, the Reverend lVildam , Patron and Rector of

Stole aforesaid, did, I*v Indenture of the Qth Day of Jane then Instant, vita the Consent and Approbation of the Bishop of Lrh and Coventry, grant and confirm unto the said John Bourne, all the Right of Patronage, Presentation, or Nomination, to such new erected Chapel, and, under those Circumstances, the said John Bourne appoints Four Trustees, all of which being dead, the Petitioner is the Heir of the surviving Trustee, and in whom it is presumed the Right of Nomination and Appointment now remains, hut the Petitioner has been informed that various People within the Chapelry aforesaid, who have lately accumulated Fortunes, but no Contributors to the Building and Endowment of the said Chapel,* and fond of Ambition and Power more than to serve the Public Good, or the Purposes of the Chapel, have presented a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes therein mentioned, to appoint new Trustees to the Chapel, and to divest him of his Right of Trusteeship, though the Chapel is well and constantly supplied with regular Duty by the Minister thereof, licensed and approved by the Bishop; that the Chapel suffers no Detriment from the Petitioner's being a Minor; that his Predecessors were very considerable Benefactors towards building and endowing the said Chapel, and that he is now-near Twenty Years of Age, and so soon as he comes of Age he will fill up the Trust descended to him: And therefore hopes the House will take Care of, and support the Rights of, him as a Minor.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Chapelry of Lane End, in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, is referred.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Ogboora In. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in closure Bill Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Preseute(k Pastures, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Parish of Ogbourn Saint George, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting several Avebury in-Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the closure Bill Parish of Avebury, in the County of Wills, was read Pa,sed* the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Avebury, in the County of /Tilts Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Cherrill and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the g^liea^f Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing " the Road lVcm Cher rill, through Caine, to Sludley Bridge, and from Cher rill to the Three Mile Borough at the Top of CherrilI Hill, in the County of Wilts; and for more effectually amending the Turnpike Road from Chit toe Heath to the Town of Caine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cher rill, through Caine, to Bridge, and from Cherrillto the Three Mile Borough at the Top

of Cherrill Hill, in the County of Wilts; and for more effectually amending the Turnpike Road from Chittce Heath to the Town of Caine.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Ilohart reported from the Committee, to Gourgas’s whom the Bill for naturalizing John Mark Gourgas and Janus Soret, w as committed; That the Committee re*

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Mouse, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Doxat’s and whom the Bill for naturalizing John Alphonso Doxat and Charles Frederick Brandt, was committed; That reported, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Walker’s whom the Bill for naturalizing Richard Walker, was Nat. Bill committed; That the Committee had examined the rePorte<1* Allegations of the ' Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The

32 Geo. III.

8° Martii.

517

Account of Whale Ships

from Scotland — and of Scotch I 'ght Houses Commissioners, presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in attended

at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships or Vessels, from Scotland, have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights, and the Greenland,

with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil, or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, from the loth of October 1790 to the xoth of October 1791: And also,

An Account of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for el ecting Light Houses on the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts of Duties on

Candles; presented,

The House being informed that Mr. from

Malt*8 and Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at . the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Produce of the Tax upon Malt, imposed by an Act of the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, with the Allowances deducted, from the 5th of January 1791 to the nth of 1791,

being as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Gross Amount of the Duty of One Half-penny per Pound on Tallow Candles, after deducting therefrom the Amount of Drawbacks at the same Rate of Duty for Four Years, ending 5th July 1791.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Correspondence rel a-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Correspondence between the Admiralty, i^Water"2" Navy, Victualling Boards, and Board of Ordnance, into Ply- with John Call, Esquire, in or about the Year 1781,

mouth Dock, relative to the Proposal of bringing Water into ordered. mouth Dock.

Bill for rais- A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans ing a Sum by or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One chequer Bill®] thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was read committed, a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for rais- A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans gSmabfurther or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Loans or Ex- thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was read a chequer Bills, Second Time.

committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hops*, upon the said Bill.

V01. 47.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Amount of Account of the Amount of the Interest of the National Debt and Annuities, as the same stood 00 the Debt, &c.

5th Day of January 1786, exclusive of Charges of ordered. Management

The House being informed that Mr. , from Amount of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called j"leretl, of in } and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant ^"buAc. to their Order, presented!

An Account of the Amount of the Interest of the National Debt and Annuities, as the same stood on the 5th of January 1786, exclusive of Charges of Management.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Bill for re-der, a Bill for regulating the Conduct of Auctioneers: Suluting And the same was received; and read the First Auctioneers Time. presented-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Frauds in the

__ _ ________________________ KvriGM mv 11I1

Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Execution of res^ect Body Warrants: And the same was received; and Body War-read the First Time. rants. Pre*

llesolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time. sen ted.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill: — a Bill for allowing Dealers in British Spirits to buy British British Spirits of all entered Dealers: And the same spfnt/oJ-'aii was received; and read the First Time. entered

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Dealers, pre-

sented.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °n upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, j[_

passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late for the En- Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act coumgement " for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the o{

" Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method " for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment " of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily " and readily to remit the same for the Support of " their Wives and Families; and for preventing " Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments ami for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart tool^ the Chair the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

6 Q A Petition

Bewley, Co- A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, for Helmsdale themselves, and on Behalf of the other Land Owners Bridges and Inhabitants of the Counties of Inverness, Ross,

Petition. Cromarty, Sutherland, Caithness, and the Orkney Islands, and Boroughs therein, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the large and rapid Rivers, called Bewley, Cotton, and Helmsdale, run across the Country immediately to the Northward of Inverness from the Mountains to the East Sea, and it is the singular Condition of those Three Rivers to be absolutely without a Bridge, from their Sources down to their respective Friths, from which uncommon Circumstance the large and populous Northern District above mentioned is sometimes utterly inaccessible, and always reached through dangerous Fords and Ferries, with great Inconveniency, and not unfrequently with the Loss of Lives; and that the Funds and Abilities of the said District have been totally exhausted by making long Tracts of good Roads, and constructing numerous Bridges, some on large, and others on smaller Streams, without the Assistance, hitherto, of any Public Aid to effect those laborious and expensive Undertakings in the Counties to the Northward of the said Rivers; and that Two of the said Rivers, viz.

Bewley and Conon, run partly through, and partly contiguous to, Two of the most considerable of the late forfeited Estates, now restored to the Heirs of the former Proprietors; and that, during the Time the said Estates were in the Hands of the Public, the Commissioners appointed for their Management entered, at different Times, upon various Proceedings for building Bridges on the said Rivers of Cotton and Bewley, and paying the Expences out of the Rents of the said Estates, but those Rents having been, from Time to Time, otherwise applied, neither were the said Bridges, nor any other Public Work, carried on upon the said Northern Estates, nor in that Quarter of the Highlands where they lie, although their Rents were regularly levied for the Public, and were intended by Parliament for general Improvements in those Parts, as well as in other Quarters of Scotland; and that the late Grants of the forfeited Estates are charged with Payment, into the Exchequer in Scotland, of certain Sums subject to the future Disposition of Parliament, and, it being understood to be the liberal Intention of Parliament to dispose of those Sums in useful and necessary Public Improvements in Scotland, the Bridges above mentioned are conceived to be primary Objects of that Description, as nearly serving to complete the only Part that now remains unfinished of a Line of Communication from one End of the Island to the other, and the Expence of building the aforesaid Bridges is, by Estimates, computed at about 12,0001.; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of 12,000l. of the unexhausted Balance which is subject to the Disposition of Parliament, directed, by an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty’s Reign, to be paid into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by the several Persons to whom the forfeited Estates in Scotland are granted, towards building Bridges over the Rivers , Conon, and Helmsdale,

in North Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Report from The Earl of Mornington, according to Order, re-ooMmnch ported from the Committee of the whole House, to of King'* whom it was referred to consider of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Speech as re-Parliament, upon the 31st Day of January last, as latestothe relates to making a suitable Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dut- York, chess of York, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That His Majesty be enabled to grant a Yearly Sum or Sums of Money, out of the Consolidated Fund, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of Eighteen Thousand Pounds, to take place and be computed from the 5th Day of July 1791, towards providing for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dutchess of York.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum of Eight Thousand Pounds per Annum be settled on Her Royal Highness the Dutchess of York, in case Her Royal Highness should survive His Royal Highness the Duke of York, to be issuing and payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas,

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Steele, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Robert Paris Taylor, a Prisoner in His Mr. TayWi Majesty’s Prison of The Fleet, was presented to the PellUou’ House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner was appointed, by the Right honourable Henry Fox, in the Years 1757 and 1758, as Deputy Paymaster on an Expedition to the Coast of France, and in the Year 1759 in the same Station to pay the Extraordinaries and Contingencies to the Allied Army during the last War in Germany; and that the Petitioner on returning to England, in consequence of Directions received from the Paymaster General in the Year 1764, delivered his Books of Accompts, with Vouchers to support the same, into the Pay Office and Auditor’s Office, for Examination, and which were examined accordingly, and being called upon by the Auditors of Imprest, in the Year 1776, to attend the final Settlement of his Accompts, and to deliver his subsequent Accompts and Vouchers, the Petitioner was obliged to engage the Assistance of fresh Agents, and with them attended- accordingly; and that being informed, at the latter End of the Year 1779, of a Judgment having been obtained by Mr. John Powell against the Executors of the late Mr. Peter Taylor (who was one of the Petitioner’s Sureties to Lord Holland) for 27,700l., and upwards, as a Balance of the Petitioner’s Accompts with Lord Holland, or the Public, the Petitioner took every Means in his Power to convince Mr. Powell that no such Balance could be due by the Petitioner as Deputy to Lord Holland, or as a Public Accomptant, and, finding every Evasion made use of to procrastinate an impartial Investigation of his Claims, the Petitioner, early in the Year -1780, applied to the Commissioners of Public Accompts for their Support, and prayed them to summon Mr. Powell before them, with the Pay Office Books of Accompts, to prove the true State of the Petitioner’s Accompts and Balances; and that, to his great Astonishment and Prejudice, the Petitioner found that Mr. Powell evaded such Elucidation, and in the same Year preferred a Petition to the High Court of Chancery, insisting on that being the proper Place for the Investi-

gation of the Accompts in Dispute; that the Petitioner, from that Period to the present, has attended Master Holford, and is now informed that the Accompts cannot be taken in that Court; that the Petitioner having a Suit in the same Court depending between him and the Executors of Mr. Peter Taylor, deceased, the Property of the Petitioner is withheld from him, and the Judgment obtained by Mr. Powell set up as a Bar in Equity to the Claim of the Petitioner on the Effects of the deceased Mr. Peter Taylor, and the Petitioner is therefore constrained to solicit the Interposition of the House, in order that a speedy Investigation of his Dealings and Transactions with Lord Holland, as his Deputy, or as a Public Accomp-tant, may take Place, the Petitioner having been for many Years deprived of his Liberty, and otherwise in great Distress, in consequence of contrived and vexatious Delays in the final Settlement of his Accompts: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition re- A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Rn'tof116 hereunto subcribed, who claim to be Electors of Re-

Election for presentatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough

Pontefract, of Pontefract, in the County of York, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, upon the 9th Day of March, in the Year 1791, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Charles and John An-

struther, Esquires, and also, the Petition of several of the Petitioners and other Persons, Freeholders of Burgage Tenure, within the said Borough of Pontefract, and as such, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, reported to the House, That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the said Petitions did wholly depend upon the Right of Election, and that therefore, the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election, for which they respectively contended — That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Petitioners Charles Mellish and John Anstruther, and the said other Persons, delivered in a Statement respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, as follows: " That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the " Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, is in " Persons having, within the said Borough, a Freehold " of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent"- — That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, John Smyth and William Sotheron, Esquires, also delivered in a Statement, as follows: " The Counsel for the " Sitting Members state the Right of Election for the " Borough of Pontefract to be in the Inhabitants " Householders Resiants" — That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee reported, That they had determined, " That the Right of Election, as set "forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of " Election for the Borough of Pontefract, in the " County of York" — That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee reported. That they had determined, " That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the " said Borough of Pontefract; and that the Petitioners are advised, and trust they can maintain, that the Judgment of the said Select Committee, reported to the House touching the different Rights of Election contained in the said Statements, is errone-Vot. 47.

ous, and that the Right of Election which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough: And therefore, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, praying, That they may be admitted Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case lately made and provided, to oppose that Right of Election, in favour of which the said Select Committee hath reported, as above set forth, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of their Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 24th Day of April next, at the same Time that the Petition of John Walsh,

Esquire, who claims to be an Elector of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking tire same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Pontefract, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Petition of the several Hop Planters and Owners Hop Planters of Hop Grounds, whose Names are thereunder signed, *>etlt‘011, was presented to the House, and read; Setting torth.

That the Cultivation of Hops in England is, and has long been, as the Petitioners conceive, a Matter of great National Concern, and has for a considerable Length of Time been productive of a large Yearly Revenue to Government, and, instead of this Country being supplied with that Commodity from Foreign Parts (as was heretofore the Case) Hops are become an Article of Export, and are likely to continue so if the Cultivation of them be not checked: That the Cultivation of Hops is also of great Benefit to this Country, from the Employment it affords, and the Money it produces, to the Poor, and from its Use in the Brewery, in lieu of which no other Bitter can by Law be substituted, and the Planting of Ground with Hops is attended with very great Expence, and greatly exceeds the attendant Expence on any other Article of Produce: That, even after Hops are come to Maturity, a great Annual Expence must be incurred in replanting, and otherwise keeping the Hop Grounds in a proper State of Cultivation and Repair, whether there be any Crop or not, which is very uncertain, from the peculiar Nature of the Plants, and the various Accidents they are liable to, and if the Soil be not well suited to them they will not continue to be productive for any Length of Time: That Yearly Compositions have hitherto been paid by the Planters of Hops in the Kingdom in general, in lieu of Tythes of Hops, which have been a great Encouragement to the Culture of them, the Payment of Tythe in Kind being, from the great Expence attending the Cultivation and the Picking, too heavy a Burthen on the Planters, and the setting out the Tythes being in itself exceeding difficult, chargeable, and vexatious, creating Suits and Animosities between Parsons, Vicars, Impropriators, and their Parishioners; and that the Petitioners have been informed that the Lay

Impropriator

A. 1792.

8° Martii.

Impropriator of the Rectorial Tythfc of Fdrnhatn claims nufacturing the same, is also very considerable, and to be entitled to take the Tythes in Kind of Hops greatly exceeding the attendant Expence on any other planted in Fields within the said Parish, and hath made Article of Produce, and, even after Hops are come to a Demand of the exorbitant Composition of 3/. an Maturity, a great Annual Expence must be incurred Acre, clear of all Assessments, which would be equal in re-planting and otherwise keeping the Hop Ground to Twelve Shillings and Six Pence a Year more; and in a proper State of Cultivation and Repair, whether that, considering the great and exceeding Expences there be any Crop or not, which is very uncertain of cultivating Hops, and the Uncertainty of the from the peculiar Nature of the Plants, and the va-Crops, a reasonable Composition ought only to be nous Accidents they are liable to, and, if the Soil be paid, with a due Reference to local Circumstances, not well suited to them, they will not continue to and no Person, the Petitioners conceive, would or be productive for any Length of Time: That Yearly could undertake to plant Hops on the Terms of ren- Compositions have hitherto been paid by the Planters dering Tythes of them in Kind, such being absolutely of Hops in the Kingdom in general, in lieu of the incompatible with the Culture thereof; and, should Tythes of Hops, which have been a great Encourage-the present unreasonable Demand be submitted to by ment to the Culture of them, the Payment of Tythe any of the Hop Planters in the Parish of Famham, in Kind being, from the great Expence attending the the Petitioners have Reason to believe it would occa- Cultivation and the Picking, too heavy a Burthen on the sion Demands in other Parts of the Kingdom of high Planter, and the setting out the Tythes in Kind being Compositions of Tythes of Hops, or of paying the in itself exceeding difficult, chargeable, and vexatious, same in Kind: That in the Instances of Hemp, Flax, creating Suits and Animosities between Parsons, Viand Madder, the Legislature thought it just and rea- cars, Impropriators, and their Parishioners: That the sonable to encourage the Cultivation in England’by Inhabitants of the Parish of Famham were (as it is suppassing Acts for a Composition in lieu of Tythes, posed) Planters of Hops very early after their Intro-which, in each Species, was restricted to Five Shil- duction into this Country, and from their great At-lings an Acre, and the Act regulating the Composi- tention to the Business, and the Expences to which tion for the Tythe of Hemp and Flax was long since they have put themselves, the said Parish is, for its made perpetual: That the Petitioners, thus impressed Extent, become One of the principal Plantations in with the fullest Conviction that the taking Tythe of England'. That the present Lay Impropriator, who is Hops in Kind is incompatible with the Existence of Lessee of the Rectory of Famham aforesaid (which is the Plantations of that Article, submit to the House an Impropriate Rectory, belonging to the Archdeacon their most serious Apprehensions of the Progress of so of Surrey in Right of his Archdeaconry, and is, and great an Evil: And therefore praying the House to usually has been, leased out for Three Lives) and who, take the Premises into Consideration, and that such a as such, claims to be entitled to take the Tythes in

Bill may be prepared and passed, as, in the Judgment of the House, may best tend to the Relief of the Petitioners, and to the Encouragement of the

Kind of Hops planted in Fields in Famham, hath lately made a Demand of the exorbitant Composition of 3 /. an Acre, clear of all Assessments, which would

Hop Planters VrM lions.

Growth of Hops in England, with Benefit to the Pub- be nearly equal to Twelve Shillings and Sixpence a lie, and without Injury to the Clergy and other Per- Year more, or otherwise of obliging the respective Oc-sons entitled to the Tythe of Hops. cupiers to set out their Tythes in Kind; and that,

Another Petition of the several Hop Planters and considering the great and increasing Expences of cul-Owners of Hop Grounds, whose Names are thereunder tivating Hops, and the Uncertainty of the Crops, a signed, w'as also presented to the House, and read; reasonable Composition ought only to be paid, with a Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last due Reference to local Circumstances, and no Person, preceding Petition. the Petitioners conceive, would or could undertake

A Petition of Andrew Bristow, John Manrearing, to plant Hops on the Terms of rendering Tythes of Bristozv Bradly, William Douden the Younger, George them in Kind, such being absolutely incompatible Knight, James Butt the Younger, Robert Allen, George with the Culture thereof, and, should the present un-West, James Stevens, George Coldham Knight, Inhabit- reasonable Demand be submitted to by any of the

ants of, and Hop Planters within, the Parish of Earn- Hop Planters in the said Parish of it would ham, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves probably occasion Demands in other Parishes of High and the rest of the Hop Planters within the said Pa- Compositions for Tythes of Hops, and such Demands rish, as well as of the Hop Planters in general within must necessarily tend to the putting down many of the that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, called present Plantations, and prevent the Establishment of England, was likewise presented to the House, and others, which would be a great Detriment to the Pub-read; Setting forth, That the Cultivation of Hops lie: That in the Instances of Hemp, Flax, and Mad-in England is, and has long been (as the Petitioners der, the Legislature thought it just and reasonable to conceive) a Matter of great National Concern, and encourage the Cultivation in England, by passing Acts has for a considerable Length of Time been produc- for a Composition in lieu of the Tythes, which, in tive of a large Yearly Revenue to Government, and, each Species, was restricted to Five Shillings an Acre, instead of this Country being supplied with that Com- and the Act for regulating the Composition for the modity from Foreign Parts (as was heretofore the Tythe of Hemp and Flax was long since made per-Case) Hops are become an Article of Export, and are petual: That the Petitioners, thus impressed with the likely to continue so, if the Cultivation of them be fullest Conviction that the taking Tythe of Hops in not checked: That the Cultivation of Hops is also — -

of great Benefit to this Country, from the Employment it affords, and the Money it produces, to the Poor, and from its Use in the Brewery, in lieu of

Kind is incompatible with the Existence of the Plantations of that Article, submit to the House their most serious Apprehensions of the Progress of an Evil which threatens the most fatal Consequences to the which no other Bitter can by Law be substituted; and Landed Interest, and the Revenue of the Country: And that the planting any Ground with Hops is attended therefore praying the House to take the Premises into

with very great Expence, and Hops do not come to a State of Maturity so as to produce any Quantity of Crop till the Third Year, and after the first Planting the Annual Expence of keeping the Ground in Order, and training and dressing the Hops, and providing

Consideration, and that such a Bill may be prepared and passed, as, in the Judgment of the House, may best tend to the Relief of the Petitioners and all other the Hop Planters within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, and to the Encou-

Poles and the necessary Buildings for curing and ma- ragement of the Growth of Hops in England, with

Benefit

M udge’s

etitioiL

521

Benefit to the Planters and the Public, and without Injury to the Clergy and other Persons entitled to the Tythes of Hops.

Aqd the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Thomas Mudge, Watchmaker, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner being brought up a Watchmaker, and having naturally a strong Turn for Mechanical Pursuits from a very early Period of Life, devoted much of his Attention to the Improvement of Time Keepers, and, from several Discoveries he made while so employed, he was induced to think that, by giving up the Whole of his Time to this object, he should be able to bring them to such a Degree of Perfection as would render them highly useful to the Public, and particularly for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea; and that the Petitioner, under this Idea, gave up his Business, which was at that Time very considerable, and retired into the Country, where he was unremittingly employed for Eighteen Years in the Accomplishment of his Design, and having, after some Years Retirement, finished One Time Keeper, he committed it to the Care of the Reverend Doctor Hornsby, Savillian Professor of Astronomy at Oxford, who having found it go with great Accuracy for the Space of Four Months, it was afterwards submitted to be tried by the Board of Longitude, and the Commissioners, after a competent Trial, were so well pleased with it, that they requested the Petitioner to prosecute his Invention, that, by having Two Time Keepers of the same Construction, he might become properly a Candidate for the Rewards offered by the Act, and as the Expence was likely to prove greater than he could sustain without Injury to his Fortune, granted him 500l. to assist him; and that the Petitioner’s Time Keeper, after this Trial, was, in the Years 1784 and 1785, carried Two Voyages to Newfoundland by the late Vice Admiral Campbell, who had then the Command of His Majesty’s Ships upon that Station, and was found by him to go with so much Accuracy, and to determine the Longitude within so trifling a Distance during both Voyages, that he afterwards repeatedly declared it had answered every Purpose that could be desired from such an Invention, and that he was convinced the Introduction of such Time Keepers into the Navy would be of great Service to the Public, adding, that he would never go to Sea without One when it was by any Means to be procured; that the same Time Keeper was afterwards committed to the Care of his Serene Highness the Duke of Saxe Gotha, whose Astronomer, Doctor Zack, took it with him several long Journies by Sea and Land, in the Course of which he was enabled to ascertain the Longitude of several Places with much greater Exactness than had been before done: That the Principles upon which the Petitioner’s said Time Keeper is constructed are so permanent, that it has now gone for more than Sixteen Years with unequalled Excellence in the Hands of many different Persons, all of them Men of great Respectability; that the Petitionerhaving, in the Month of June 1789, completed Two more Time Keepers on the same Construction, he placed them in the Hands of the Astronomer Royal to be tried, pursuant to the Act of Parliament passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the Month of July 1790, a Year’s Trial expired; that, on the 4th Day of December following, the Commissioners of Longitude* upon the Vol. 47.

Report made by the Astronomer Royal, declared themselves of Opinion that they hud not gone within the Limits prescribed by the Act, but it appears, from the Register kept by the Astronomer, and delivered by him to the Petitioner, that, if the most proper Method of Calculation had been adopted for ascertaining the Going of the Petitioner’s Time Keepers, it would have been evident that they had gone much within the Limits which the Act prescribes: That the late Mr. Harrison, about Twenty-five Years since, having made a Time Keeper by which he became entitled to 10,000l. under an Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the same was paid him accordingly, but, having afterwards petitioned for a further Reward, Parliament, in Consideration of the Length of Time he had employed in the Improvement of Time Keepers for the Public Benefit, granted him such an Additional Sum, as, together with what he had received from the Public before, amounted to 20,000 /. in the Whole; and that Mr. Harrisons 'pme Keejiers, though possessed of great Merit, require an extraordinary Degree of Care to preserve them from Accident, and have never been brought into general Use, but the Petitioner’s Time Keepers, besides their measuring Time with much greater Exactness than Mr. Harrison's, require no particular Attention to preserve them from being injured, have not been found to be affected by the Motion of a Ship at Sea, and are so permanent in their Principles, that they may be relied upon for going with Accuracy for a very considerable Length of Time: And therefore praying the House, upon his making a Discovery of the Principles of his Time Keepers to such Persons as may be appointed for receiving it, to grant him such a Reward for the Invention of them, and for the laborious Employment of great Part of his Life, for the Benefit of the Public (the Petitioner being now in the Seventy-seventh Year of his Age) as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *° n>,"ch to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most §ueec’h m rc-Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as re- iales to the lates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the Public ln-National Debt, be now read. 'oine a,ld

And the said Order being read accordingly; ^_pen llure’

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl of Mornington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Earl ai Mornington reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Earl of Afornington also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 0,1 (or

House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of paying of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the fur- Seamens " ther preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Wages, *c.

6 R " Payment

Mr. Mac

Lean’s

Petition.

522 8° MartS: A. 1792.

" Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allow* " ances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and " Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board of any of His Majesty’s Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Nicl Mac Lean, late a Captain in the late 84th Regiment, a Loyalist, of the late Province of New York, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner served in His Majesty’s Forces under the Command of the late General Gage, in Boston, on the first Report of Hostilities, at the Beginning of the late unfortunate War in America, and his Excellency sent him immediately, on His Majesty’s Service, to Nova Scotia, where he executed his Commission with the utmost Zeal, and with all possible Succes^: That, returning to Boston, and finding Sir William Jloue, then Commander in Chief, not inclined to employ him any further, he obtained his Leave to go to Canada, to serve under the Command of Sir Guy Carleton, now my Lord Dorchester: That he went from Boston by Halifax, in the Depth of W inter 1776, to Canada, and in attempting to get into the Garrison of Quebec, had the Misfortune to fall into the Hands of the Enemy, then blockading that Place, and although thus grievously disappointed in his first Object, his extreme and earnest Concern for the Interest and Honour of his Country engaged him to attempt a Service of the highest and of the utmost Importance to the State, and his high, and warm, and determined Zeal enabled him to accomplish it: That of Course he became the devoted Victim of the Enemy’s most spiteful and ungenerous Revenge, and suffered, through a long Course of close and cruel Imprisonment, every Species of Distress, Insult, and Indignity, that the malignant Spirit of such Revenge did instigate them to inflict, to the total Ruin of his Health and Constitution, often to the most imminent Danger of his Life, until he found Means to break out from one of their Gaols at Baltimore, in That

the Petitioner even afterwards suffered a great Variety of painful Fatigues, Distresses, and Dangers, during several Months, sculking and hiding in the lower Counties upon Delaware, before he could effect his Escape on Board the Roebuck Man of War in Delaware Bay, from which Place Commodore Hotham gave him a Passage to New York: That being, some considerable Time thereafter, informed that the Governor of Canada had appointed him to a Commission in the 84th Regiment; he embraced the first favourable Opportunity to join that Corps, but finding his Health and Constitution utterly destroyed by his Sufferings in the Hands of the Enemy, and some other

Circumstances Concurring to render his Situation disagreeable, he applied for, and very readily obtained,

Leave to resign his Commission for the regulated Price, at the End of the Wari'or Cessation of Hostilities: That, coming to Europe in 1782, the Petitioner, soon after his Arrival, presented a Memorial to the Commissioners of American Loyalists, claiming Value, according to Act of Parliament, for Property that he had been possessed of in the Province of New York, and that he had lost, in consequence of his constant and inviolable Attachment to the Interest and Services of his Sovereign, and of the British Empire, through the whole Course of the War; but the said Commissioners, after holding him in a tedious and pain-stil Suspense of Eight or Nine Years Attendance, have most unjustly rejected his said Claim, without assigning to the Petitioner any Cause or Reason whatever for so rejecting his said Claim, to his great Loss and very cruel Distress: And therefore praying, That the House will give him a full and patient Hearing before the Bar of the House, in Support and Defence of his said Claim, as a most singularly meritorious, and long and cruelly suffering American Loyalist, according to Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- Unitarians unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and &c-read; Setting forth, That being Persons educated in, and professing, the Christian Religion, within the Realm of England, conceiving it to be their Duty to examine into and interpret the Holy Scriptures for themselves, and their Right publicly to declare the Result of their Enquiries, are aggrieved by the Statute of the Ninth and Tenth of William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual suppressing " of Blasphemy and Profaneness," by which it is enacted, " that if any Person, having been educated " in, or at any Time having made Profession of, the " Christian Religion within this Realm, shall, by " writing, printing, teaching, or advised speaking,

" deny any One of the Persons in the Holy Trinity " to be God, or shall assert or maintain there are " more Gods than One, or shall deny the Christian Religion to be true, or the Holy Scriptures " of the Old and New Testament to be of Divine " Authority, and shall, upon Indictment or Information in any of his Majesty’s Courts at Westminster,

" or at the Assizes, be lawfully convicted by the Oath " of Two or more credible Witnesses, such Person,

" for the first Offence, shall be adjudged incapable,

" and disabled in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, to " have or enjoy any Office or Offices, Employment " or Employments, Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Military,

" or any Part of them, or any Profit or Advantage " appertaining to them or any of them; and if any " Person, so convicted as aforesaid, shall, at the Time " of his Conviction, enjoy or possess any Office. Place, or Employment, such Office, Place, or Employment, shall be void, and is thereby declared void,

" and if such Person shall be a Second Time lawfully convicted as aforesaid, of all or any the aforesaid Crime or Crimes, that then he shall from " thenceforth be disabled to sue, prosecute, plead, or " use any Action or Information in any Court of Law " or Equity, or to be Guardian of any Child, or Executor, or Administrator of any Person, or capable " of any Legacy or Deed of Gift, or to bear any " Office Civil or Military, or Benefice Ecclesiastical „

" for ever, within this Realm, and shall also suffer " Imprisonment for the Space of Three Years, without " Bail or Mainprize, from the Time of such Conviction and the Petitioners apprehend that Religious Liberty te infringed, and even an imperfect Toleration

*° rendered

Keport on Act for Support of the Greenland and Davis’s Streights Fisheries.

Sussex Justices Petition relating to the Militia.

32 Geo. III.

8° Martii.

523

rendered more incomplete, by the 17th Section of the Statute of the First of William and intituled,

" An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant " Subjects dissenting from the Church of England " from the Penalties of certain Laws," by which Section it is provided and enacted, " that neither that " Act, nor any Clause, Article, or Thing, therein " contained, shall extend or be construed to extend " to give any Ease, Benefit, or Advantage to any Papist or popish Recusant, or to any Person that shall " deny, in his Preaching or Writing, the Doctrine of " the Blessed Trinity, as it is declared in the aforesaid Articles of Religion," meaning the Thirty-nine Articles of the Church of England: And therefore, on Behalf of themselves and many others their Fellow Citizens, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Statute first above mentioned, and the said 17th Section of the Statute secondly above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Support and " Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the " Greenland Seas and Davis's Slreights," the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounty of Twenty-five Shillings per Ton be allowed for Three Years, to commence from the 25th Day of December 1792, and from the Expiration of that Term, a Bounty of Twenty Shillings per Ton be allowed for the further Term of Three Years, on all Ships employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Whalefins, Oil, or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, and Seal Skins, or any other Produce of Seals, and other Fish or Creatures taken or caught in the Greenland Seas or Davis's Sti'eights, or in the Seas adjacent, by British Subjects, be permitted to be imported, Duty free, in British Ships, built, owned, and navigated according to Law, although not fitted out in the Manner required by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the Eastern Division of the County of Sussex, met and assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Laves, in and for the said County of Sussex, the 6th Day of October 1791, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Seating forth, That by virtue of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better ordering the Militia of this Kingdom, 'the Justices of Peace, acting in and for the Eastern Divilron Vol. 47-

of the County of Sussex, in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace assembled, did order the Sum of 2,0971. 10 s.of d.to be raised upon the Eastern Division of the said County, according to and for the Purposes of the said Act, but, by reason of some Difficulties arising upon the said Act, no more than the Sum of 886/. 12 s.2 id. was collected and paid into the Hands of Mr. Charles Gilbert, the Treasurer of the said Eastern Division of the said County; and that, by virtue of one other Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, respecting the said Militia of this Kingdom, the said Justices of Peace, acting in and for the said Eastern Division of the said County, in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace assembled, ordered the Sum of 2,097/. 10 s.of d.to be raised upon the said Eastern

Division of the said County, but no more than the Sum of 440/. 18$. 11 id.was collected and paid into the Hands of the said Treasurer of the said Eastern Division of the said County, and both the said Sums, making together the Sum of 1,327/. li.r. if have remained in the said Treasurer’s Hands since their respective Payments, as a separate Fund unappropriated; and that, by several Acts of Parliament, the said County Stock is heavily charged, and it would tend to the Relief and Improvement of the same, and to the Ease of the Inhabitants of the said Eastern Division of the said County, if the said Sum of 1,327/.

11 s.i id. or the Remainder and Surplus thereof, after paying and satisfying the Charges of soliciting and passing the Act now petitioned for, was paid into, and made Part of, the General Stock of the said Eastern Division of the said County, subject to be disposed of and applied in the same Manner, and by the same Authority and Authorities, as the said County Stock in general is subject and liable unto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to order the said Charles Gilbert, Treasurer of the said Eastern Division of the said County of Sussex, to carry the said Sum of 1,327/. m. 1 jrf. to the General Public Stock of the said Eastern Division, subject to be disposed of and applied in the same Manner, and by the same Authority and Authorities, as the said General Public Stock is, or may hereafter, by the Law of the Realm, be subject to be disposed of and applied.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Lenox, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved inself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now on American in force for regulating the Trade between the Sub- Trade Bill, jects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so faf as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and madp several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wh^n the IJouse will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

8° — 9° Martii.

A. 1792.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-raorrow to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and re

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 9* die Martii;

Anno 32® Georgii IIItu Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

quire the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Two Members being present;

And the Counsel being called in;

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioner, Mr. Macleod, and the Counsel and Agents for the Petitioner, Mr. Gordon, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, appeared at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. Gordon, informed the House, That in reality there were but Two

SJAssent A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Parties before the House; for that the other Peti 1 ' -i\. Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black llod; tioner, Mr. Macleod, was in Fact in the Interest of the

Mr. Speaker, Sitting Member, and appeared at the Bar by his

The King commands this Honourable House to Counsel, not with any Wish to obtain the Seat for attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of himself, but merely with an Intention (in Collusion Peers. with the Sitting Member) to give him an undue Ad-

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went vantage in striking the Names of the Select Commit-up to attend His Majesty. tee. — In Support of these Assertions he referred to

And being returned; the original Minutes of the Election, which he held

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended in his Hand, by which, as he stated, it appeared,

that Mr. Macleod might, if he had pleased, have obtained the Return for himself — That upon Nine different Questions, on which the Votes were taken at the Election Meeting, of which Mr. Macleod was

His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills, and One Private Bill, following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Praeses, he uniformly voted in the Interest of the Sit

k % a Mik aI w M ' AA i M ^_ i.'A 1 O A W 1 1 I 1 11 _ _ _ 1 f 1 *

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two:

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two:

ting Member; whereas, if he had been a real Candidate, and had voted otherwise, the Election would have necessarily fallen on himself, and the Sitting Member could not have been returned. — The Particulars of these Questions the Counsel stated to the House, and inferred, that there was, therefore, never any Intention on the Part of Mr. Macleod to obtain

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine this Return for himself, but that he only meant to

protect the Sitting Member against the Petitioner, Mr. Gordon, and had presented his Petition to the House merely for that Purpose. — The Counsel therefore submitted to the House, That the Sitting Member and Mr. Macleod being evidently in the same In-Lights, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of the terest, the House would direct them to join in strik-

Forces while on Shore

An Act for repealing the Duties on Female Servants:

An Act to repeal the Duties on certain Inhabited Houses, containing less than Seven Windows or

Reign of His present Majesty:

An Act for repealing the Duties on Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the Twenty-Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty:

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Nora, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the County of Norfolk:

ing the Committee as One Party.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. Macleod, informed the House, That considering the Instructions he had received from his Client, he was surprised at the present Application to the House. — That the Petitioner, Mr. Macleod, was a real Candidate for the Seat. — That supposing Mr. Macleod to have voted on the Questions previous to the Election in the Manner stated by the Counsel for Mr. Gordon, and which he admitted to appear on the Minutes of the Election,

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the it may be that Mr. Macleod thought it incumbent on Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and him to vote as he did, from the Justice of the Case widening the Road from Saint Benedict's Gate, in the and the Nature of the Questions proposed.--And County of the City of Norwich, to Szvajfham, in the he submitted to the House that they would not from County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge in Ho- thence infer that the Petitioner and the Sitting Mem-ningham to the Bounds of Yaxham, and also a Lane her acted in Collusion together.

Sutherland

Election

Petition

considered.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member disavowed any common Interest or Collusion between the Sitting Member and Mr. Macleod, and informed the House, that he should, to the best of his Power, with equal Seriousness, oppose the Claims of both the Petitioners.

And the Counsel for Mr. Macleod being heard by

called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City:

An Act for naturalizing John Baptist Davflllon.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Robert Bruce JEneas Macleod, of Cad-boll, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Robert Home Way of Reply;

Gordon, of Embo, Esquire, complaining of an undue The Counsel and Agents were directed to retire Election and Return for the County of Sutherland, some Way from the Bar.

being come; And a Motion being made, and the Question be-

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a ing put, That Mr. Macleod be admitted to appear Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of before this House on the Appointment of the said the said Petitions. Select Committee, as a Party complaining of the un-

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker due Election and Return of General Grant;

The

r

Lions for Abolition e Slave le.

525

The House divided.

Yeas to the Right: Hoes to the Left.

Teller for the Yeas, — Captain Berkeley, 83.

Teller for the Noes, — Mr. Lambton, 17.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel and Agents being again called to the Bar, Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the House proceeded to the Appointment of the said Select Committee, as in the Case of there being more than Two Parties on distinct Interests before the House.

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of all the Members of the House were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty-two other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Two on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Thirteen against whose Election Petitions were depending; Twenty-one as then serving on Select Committees; Four on Account of their having in this Session served on Select Committees; One as having voted at the Election; and One on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

A Petition of the Mayor and Corporation, and also of the Inhabitants, of the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, and of the Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants of the Town Corporate of Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, and of its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Leeds: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Settle, in the West Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Market Towns of Helmsley-Blackamoor, Kirby-moorside, and Pickering,

and Parish of Thornton, in Yorkshire, and their Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Thirsk, in the County of York, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of in the West

Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Wakefield: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Tadcaster, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And also,

Vol. 47.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Township of Ripon, in the County of York, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saddleworth, in the West Riding of the County of York-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John William Hentig, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John William Hentig and Jacob Anderson.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ilentig’s and Anderson’s Nat* Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Mark Goar- Gourgas'* gas and James Soret, was read the Third Time. "nd s°r*t®

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 1 be, An Act for naturalizing John Mark Gourgas and James Soret.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Richard Walker, Walker’s was read the Third Time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title l>dSS* be, An Act for naturalizing Richard Walker.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Alphonso and

Doxat and Charles Frederick Brandt, was read the LI'

Third Time. £££'"

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Alphonso Doxat and Charles Frederick Brandt.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing, and leasing or letting, certain Colton In-Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish clo9ure of Colton, in the County of Stafford, and applying the comnM,t* Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor’s Rate in the said Parish, and for making Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Eduard Littleton, Mr. Monckton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bramsion reported from the Committee, to Canvtv whom the Bill for more effectually embanking, drain- |sla'ld E,1‘-ing, and otherwise improving the Island of Convey, 1^,^/'' in the County of Essex ,was committed; That the jj;u r*ported, Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and re-com-and found the same to be true; and that the Parties mittfd-concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

6 S Resolved,

T"--

526

9° Martii.

A. 1792.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Folkestone Sir Edward Knatchbullreported from the Com-

Road re- mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening Bid reported. the ^oac* leading out of the Turnpike Road from ' Dover, through Folkestone, to Hythe, at a certain Place called Canterbury Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, to a certain Place in the Parish of Folkestone, called Mudshole, and for making a new Road from thence, through a certain Field, called Yaldergates, through Wood, over

field Minnis, through Denton, and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Direction Post on Barham Dozens, in the Parish of Barham, at The Four Vents, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Beer Har- Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom bour Petition the Petition of several Persons residing or having reported. Estates in the County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Jones, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That he has lately made a Survey of the Cove of Beer, within the Parish of Seaton and Beer, in the County of Devon; and it is practicable, by erecting a new Pier or Piers, to make the same a safe and commodious Harbour for Ships and Vessels of considerable Burthen, which may be done at a moderate Expence; but that there is not at present any Fund applicable to that Purpose.

That the Improvement of the said Harbour will be of great Benefit to the Coasting Trade, and to all Ships passing near the same, by affording them safe Shelter in limes of Danger — That it will also be a Means of enlarging the Fishery carried on there, and tend to the Increase of Seamen — That a considerable Trade might be carried on to and from the said Harbour, which w ould be of great Advantage to the different Manufactures in the Neighbourhood, and also of Public Utility.

And the Witness added, That there is at present about Sixty Fishing Boats belonging to the Cove of Beer, of about Four I ons each, which, from the bad State of the Harbour, are obliged to be taken up into the Town every Time they come in — That the Vessels proper for such Fishery ought to be as large as Sixty Tons, which, by the proposed Improvement, might be accommodated, and lie in Safety, within the Harbour, and be able, at all Times, to come in and go out.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in & Bill for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Bastard, Mr. Secretary at War, and Sir John William Dela Pole, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Order for

referring

Bishopton

Inclosure,4c.

Petition to a

Committee

discharged,

and Bill

ordered.

Keedsdale, &c. Inclosure

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-Bill i;:rr c\os'n§ certain Waste Lands, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor of Reed, and Parish of Corsenside,

in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Waste Lands, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor of Reedsdale, and Parish of Corsenside, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the l st Day of this Instant March, for referring the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, several Beastgates or Cattlcgates, in or upon Two Stinted Pastures or Parcels of uninclosed Ground, called Bishop-ton-High-Ellers, and Bishopton-Low-Ellers, within the Township of Bishopton, otherwise cum

Clothcrholme, in the Parish, Manor, and Liberty of Ripon, in the County of York, to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the Expence attending the Drainage of the Lands to be divided and inclosed, was not proposed to be levied by Tolls or Duties upon the Parties interested;

Ordered, That the Order for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberj'oree, and Sir Ingilby,

do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Bishopton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Stinted Pastures, or Parcels of uninclosed Grounds, called Presem Bishoplon-High-Ellersand Bishopton-within the Township of Bishopton, otherwise Bishopton-Sutton cum Clothcrholme, in the Parish and Liberty of Ripon, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Saddlewonh Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Road Roads Rill from, or nearly from, Stand-Edge, in the Parish of Pres'Dled' Saddlczcorth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to or near Mumps Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwiin the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Iload leading out of the said intended Road through or near Dobcross to or near a Place called Wall Hill, in the said Parish of Saddlczcorth, and also another Road leading out of the said first mentioned Road at or near a Place called Shazv Hall, to or near a Place called Hollins, all in the said Parish of Saddlczcorth: And the same wa6 received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Middleton Older, a Bill to continue the Term of Two Acts, of Iyas Lane the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and i;'" the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repair- presented, ing the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gat her ly Moor, to Great a Bridge, and from thence to Berwes, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition Erewash Canal, in the Counties of Derby and Notting- aSainsl l,le ham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting CananlllL" forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to make a Navigable

Canal

32 Geo. III. 9° Marti,. 527

Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, by, through, or near, the Town of Nottingham, to join and communicate with the River Trent near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and for making several collateral Cuts from, and to communicate with, such new intended Canal from such Canal in the Parish of Greasley, by a Close of the Earl of Stamford in the said Parish, another from the said intended Canal, in the Parish of Cos, sail, to a close of Edu urd Willoughby, Esquire, in the said Parish, another from the said intended Canal in the Parish of Lenton, to join and communicate with the River Trent in Beeston Meadoxv, all in the County of Nottingham, and one other in the Liberties of the said Town of Nottingham, from the said intended Canal near a Place called The Bridge, to or near to the West End of a Place called Snehiton Hermitage, in the Parish of Sneinton, in the said County of Nottingham; and that the Petitioners are informed the said Bill is intended to contain Powers to take Water from the River Erexvash, and also from divers other Sources from which the said Erexvash Canal is supplied, under the Sanction and Powers of the Act of Parliament, by virtue of which the same was executed; and that the Petitioners are also Owners of a certain Mill, called Langley Mill, which is supplied with Water out of the said River Erexvash, and which will be materially injured if the Quantity of Water in the said River shall be by any Means diminished; and that the said intended Canal is to be made nearly parallel with the Petitioners Canal for the Space of about Six Miles, and in that Space the greatest Distance of the new Canal from the Petitioners Canal will not exceed One Mile, and in some Places will be within 440 Yards, and in others only no Yards of it, by which Means many of the Sources from which the Erexvash Canal is now supplied with Water will be intercepted, and the Communication between the said Erexi}ash Canal, and divers Mines and Collieries, will be cut off, to the great and manifest Injury of the said Company, both with respect to their Supply of Water and the Trade carried on by their Canal; and that the Petitioners have, in full Confidence of the Security of their particular Act of Parliament, and at their own equal Expence, completed their very extensive and useful Canal, by which the Neighbourhood and the Public have been, and are, essentially benefited and accommodated, and which, for the Reasons above stated, will be injured in a very great Degree, if any Act of the Nature prayed for by the said Petition should be passed: And therefore praying, That, if any Bill should be brought into the House for the Purposes prayed by the said Petition, they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the same, and that it may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour, of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Vo 1. 47.

Tweed, for a Time to be limited, Mas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Pulle-my, Sir James Murray, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at l ive of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according Me;»t«>rd Na-to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- vi^uiou li.il gation from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the P1Lbenlc,i' "Town of Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, along the Course of Sleaford Mill Stream and Kyme Eau, to the River Witham, at or near Chappel II ill, in the same County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Elizabeth Allanson, Widow, was pro- Mr*. Allan-sented to the House, and read; 'faking Notice of the s-'nylV-tition Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Stinted Pastures, ‘‘p 11,141

„ o . o y . Miopton in*

or Parcels ot uninclosed Grounds, called Jnshopton- c|iJSim, i»,u. High-Ellers and Bisbopt on-Loxc-Ellers, within the Township of Bishop I on, otherwise Bishoplon-Suiton cum Clotherholme, in the Parish and Liberty of Ripon, in the County of York: and Setting forth, That the said Two Stinted Pastures contain together only about Sixty-three Acres of Land, in which Quantity are included the Bed or Course of the River Laver, which passes through the said Pastures, and, together with Gravel Beds made by the said River (and which cannot at any reasonable Expence be recovered or secured from the Force of the River) occupies near Thirteen Acres, and also the Ground used for the Turnpike Road leading from Ripon to Paleley Bridge, and the Bed of a certain Mill Stream, so that the Quantity of Land to be inclosed will, as the Petitioner conceives, not amount to Fifty Acres; and that the Number of Cattle Gates upon the said Pastures consists only of Fifty-eight, and one Half of a Cattle Gate, out of which Twenty-one of the said Cattle Gates are the sole Property of the Petitioner, and consequently, upon an equal Division of the said Pastures, the Petitioner will be entitled to more than One Third Part of the Land intended to be divided and inclosed; and that, if the said Pastures were cleared of the Thorn,

Eller, and other Bushes growing thereon (and which might be done without the Authority of an Act of Parliament, and at a very inconsiderable Expence) the same would, as the Petitioner is informed, be thereby nearly as much improved as by a Division and Inclosure, and, the said Pastures being situate in the Vicinity of Ripon, the Cattle Gates thereon are of nearly as great Value in the present open State of the said Pastures as the Land could be reasonably expected to be of if divided and inclosed, and therefore, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, she conceives she shall be very materially injured thereby, as she will be compelled to pay above One Third Part of the Total Amount of all the Charges and other Expences, that may attend the obtaining and passing the intended Act, and also above One Third Part of the Total Amount of all the Charges and Expences of the Commissioners in carrying the said Act into Execution (exclusive of the Expences of fencing and draining the Petitioners Proportion of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid) which, together, will amount to a very considerable Sum, and the Payment thereof will be a very heavy burthen upon the Petitioner, she having only a Life Estate in the Lands to be inclosed: And therelore praying, That the House w ill take her Case into Consideration, and permit her to be heard, by her Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered,

9° Martii.

A. 1792.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, and that the Petitioner be then heard, by her Counsel, against the said Bill, upon her Petition, if she thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Strnie Poor Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein,

Ordered, That Sir John Jervis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

of Gloucester, and for making a Road from thence to the River Isis or Thames; for building a Bridge across the said River, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road leading from Leachlade to Inglesham, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said last mentioned Road, to and through the Town of Highworth, in the County of Wilts, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

f.tp°

loan

of Ki

SpetC

ftbii

come

Petition in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Favour of Manufacturers, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of Manchester T°wn ar|d Neighbourhood of Manchester, in the Navigation County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are there-ttill. unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester aforesaid, by way of Failsworth, Chadderton, Lower-Place, and Head, all in the said County of Lancaster, to Bridge, in the County of York, through the several Parishes of Halifax, in the said County of York, and Rochdale, Middleton, Prestwick cum Oldham, and Manchester (with Branches therefrom, to or near the Towns of Colne, Rochdale, and Oldham) all in the said County of Lancaster; and that the Petitioners are further informed, that another Bill is also depending in the House, for making and maintaining a like Navigable Canal from the Town of Bury, in the said County of Lancaster, to Deyne-Head aforesaid, through the Parish of Bury aforesaid, and the said Parishes of Middleton and Rochdale, in Opposition to the said other Bill: And praying. That the said Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Manchester aforesaid, by way of Failsworth, Chadderton, Lower-Place, and Deyne-Head, to Sower by Bridge (with its said several Branches) may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Sutherland returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the Election said Committee delivered in to the House One of the appoiDtelT* said Lists, which had been struck in his Presence, by the Counsel for Mr. Macleod in the First Place, for General Grant in the Second Place, and for Mr. Gordon in the Third Place, together w'ith a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned List was read; and is as follows:

Thomas Berney Bramston, Esquire, Nathaniel Brassey Halhed, Esquire, the Honourable Major General Thomas Bruce, William Nisbctt, Esquire, the Honourable Lieutenant General John Vaughan, the Honourable Henty Hobart, Francis Buller Yarde, Esquire, John Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, the Earl of Carysfort, Sir James Stewart Denham, Baronet, William Crosbie,

Esquire, Lord George Thy tine, the Honourable John Thomas Townshend.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew.

And the said Counsel and Agents also withdrew.

ic.

Kingston and Sheetbridge Hoad Bill committed.

A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surt'ey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Clement Finch, Lord William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Thirteen Members before mentioned being returned to the House, the said Counsel and Agents were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee informed the House, That the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen John Crewe, Esquire, and Gibbs Crawfurd, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And the Names of the said John Crezve, Esquire, and Gibbs Crawfurd, Esquire, were added to the said

List of Thirteen Members.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Robert Bruce JEncas Macleod, of Cadboll, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of Robert Home Gordon, of Etnbo, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

k:

8

House to be called over.

Quick’s Name Bill presented.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Nutcombe Quick, of Nutcombe, in the County of Devon, Clerk, and his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, and his Daughters and their Issue, to take and use the Surname of according to the last Will and Testament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the speaker Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of ters< jjeg. this House, upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Instant March;

It passed in the Negative.

I*.

Leachlade Goddard presented to the House, according to

&c?1 Hoads Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and Bill pre- altering the Road leading from the Town of «ot«d. in the County of Oxford, to Leachlade, in the County

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Slave Trade Fortnight, the 29th Day of this Instant March, re- to be con-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to s'dered‘ consider of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which have been

32 Geo. III. 9° Martii.

529

been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade, be referred to the said Committee.

Report from The Earl of Morning ton, according to Order, re-

onTomuch Porte<* from Committee of the whole House, to

of Kina’s whom it was referred to consider further of so much Speech as re- ot His Majesty s most Gracious Speech to both Houses Jates to the of Parliament, as relates to the Public Income and fomeandEx- ExPencliture and National Debt, the Resolutions pendUure, which the Committee had directed him to report to the &c. House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards

delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Dividends due on such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock as shall be purchased by the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-sixth of His present Majesty, and the Monies payable for Annuities on Lives or Years which may cease or determine previous to the Period at which the whole Amount of the Sums Annually payable in respect of Interest on Capital Stock, or of Annuities, which respectively existed on the ,5th Day of January 1786, shall be reduced to 6,1 r,0,000l., shall be issued and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever any Sum of Money shall hereafter be raised by Loans for Public Purpose*, unless the same shall be raised by Annuities for a certain Perm to be limited, or Provision shall be made for discharging the Whole of the Capital within such Term, an additional Sum of Money, the Annual Amount of which shall not exceed One Twenty-fifth Part of the Principal of such Loan, shall be set apart at the End of each Quarter, at the Receipt of Exchequer, out of the Monies composing the Consolidated Lund, and be issued to the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-sixth of His present Majesty, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that the Earl of Alornington, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord Ray ham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petitions fur A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Market Town an Abolition of Bungay, in the County of Suffolk, and its Vicinity: of the Slave ^nd also,

ra e# A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Pres-

bytery of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Ledbury, and its Vicinity, in the County of Hereford: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Burton, in the County of Westmoreland, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Coin, in the County of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Vol. 47.

Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Weldon [n-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common closure and Open Irields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Plcsenle<i-Waste Grounds, in Croat Weldon and Little Weldon, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker be added to the Gentle- Member men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a added to bring Bill for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith to, or near to, Enterclough u0a,ls BUI Bridge, in the County of Derby, and also the Road from the Village ot Haifield to Alarple Bridge, in the said County, and also the Road from the Village of Glossop to a certain Gate called Claylands Gale, in the Township ol Longdcniiale, on, or near to, the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Mottram to Wood-head, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Chapel-cn-le-Order, a Bill for repairing and improving the Road trom hithamtEu-the Town of Ch apt I-a: -ft-Frit h to, or near to, Lnlcr-clough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and also the Roads Bill Road trom the Village of Ilayjidd to A tar pie Bridge, presented, in the said County, and also the Road from the Village of Glossop to a certain Gate called Claylands Gate, in the 1 ownship of Longdendale, on, or near to, the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Mottram to Wood-head, in the County Palatine of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, according Swell WoM to Order, a Bill for widening, altering, and repairing, the Roads from Swell Wold, in the County of Gloucester, *

to or near the Sixth Mile Stone, on the Turnpike Road sen ted. leading from the Borough oJ Tewkesbury to the 1 own of Slow, in the same County, and from the North East End of The Swan Lane, in the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County, to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the Parish of Stdgborough, in the County of !Forrester; anil from the Town of // inch-comb, in the said County of Gloucester, by a Place called Stamp Cross, to or near the Tenth Mile Stone on the said Turnpike Road, leading from Textkcsbury to Slow aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alar tin presented to the House, according to lewkrslmry Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment ol p*sraift\j# the Poor of and belonging to the Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the first d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the derm and Powers of dVo Lwls and Acts, of ttie ddiirty-first Year of King George the Sc-

1 I fii mr 1 J . A? . Hill

cond, and the lentil 1 ear ot IBs present Majesty, so commislea far as relates to the Road from Leeds to fYuhyidd, in the County of Yoik, was read a Second dime.

Resolved, d'hat the Bill he committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blackhurne presented to the House, according Sowcrby and to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Naviga- Mam-luster ble Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowcrby Bridge Wharf in the Parish of Halifax, in the senJd.C W est Riding of the County of York, to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several Collateral Cuts trom the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

6 T Resolved,

TyHd Saint Mary’s Inclosure Bili committed.

St. Bride’s Church and Poor Bill presented.

Paper Hang, ing Manufacturer* Petition reported.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 2ist Day of this Instant March;

An Amendment waa proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Sevennight,

" the 2ist Day of this Instant March," and inserting the Words "the 18 th Day of next," instead

thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant March," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Blackburne, ]

Tellers for the Yeas, ! Mr. Edu ard James > 51.

[ Eliot: J

Tellers for the Noes I Colo 1 1 ellers for the Is oes,: ] 35’

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Hill, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant March.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tydd Saint Mury, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Samuel Long, Major Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Watson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish Church of Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a Workhouse for the same Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter Boners and Company, Henry Isherwoodand Company, Gough,

Abraham Hall, Birch and Ouvry, Joseph Knight, John Tootle, John Owen, Joseph Cox, Joseph and Sharp,

George Britton, John Wheeley, Joseph and Ben-

jamin Crompton and Son, the principal Paper Hanging Manufacturers of Great Britain, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Pickering, a Paper Stainer,- of Cheapside, being examined, said, That he is acquainted with the Petitioners, w ho have, for several Years, been extensively engaged in the Paper Staining Business, and believes that they carry on Three-Fourths of the Trade of the whole Metropolis.

And it appeared, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, That a Duty of 75 /. per Cent, ad valorem, is charged and payable on all painted Paper, or Paper Hangings, imported from Foreign Parts.

And the Witness informed your Committee, That the said Duty is very unequal to that paid by the British Manufacturers, and the Price of Labour in Foreign Parts is also considerably less than that paid by the Petitioners; and the Importers of Foreign printed, painted, and stained Papers, having it in their Power very easily to evade the Payment of the Duty, the Revenue, as also the Petitioners, are seriously prejudiced by the same — He further said, That the Wages of a Workman in the Paper Staining Business, in France, is from One Shilling to Two Shillings Sterling per Day; in Ireland, the highest Wages given, in the same Business, is Three Shillings and Six Pence Sterling per Day; in England, the Workmen are paid by the Piece, and can earn, according to their different Skill and Abilities, from Three Shillings to Twelve Shillings per Day; upon an Average, the Workmen employed by the Trade in general earn Seven Shillings a Day each; and, from the best Information the Witness can procure, he thinks a Frenchman can do as much Work in a Day as an Englishmen. Then,

An Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for better securing the Duties on Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, was also read; w hereby certain Regulations are prescribed for protecting the Revenue from Fraud.

And the Witness said, That by these Regulations, the Petitioners have proceeded in the Conduct of their several Manufactories, the same being favourable to the Interests of the Revenue, and in no Material inconvenient to the Individual — He further added.

That there is a Species of Paper made in called blue, blossom, and coloured Paper, w'hicli is used for papering and hanging Rooms, and being dyed in the Mill, is not chargeable with the Duties on Paper, printed, painted, or stained, whereby the Trade of the Petitioners is greatly injured, and the Revenue much decreased, to the Amount of 1/. 10 Ream — That painted Pape; is imported both from France and Ireland, which although liable to a Duty by no Means meeting the Duty paid by the British Manufactun r, yet the Duty to which it is liable, is evaded for Want of its being subjected to the Excise, with such Stamps on each Sheet, and such other Regulations, as the British Manufactory is subject to.

Then,

Mr. John Boover Brooks, who conducts the Manufactory of Messrs. Bower and Co. Paper Hanging Manufacturers of Bond Street, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Flouse, to consider of the said Report.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Turkdean Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Turkdean, in the County of Gloucester, nilttc<j-was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Master, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

’A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and nroadwell Common Fields, Common Meadow s, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and W aste Grounds, within the z Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Gloucester, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That ttie Bill be committed to Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Master, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported American from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to continue the Laws, now in Force, for re- leportl ‘ gulating the Trade between the Subjects of llis Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was

committed,

Un

G®

ers

Bill

\Yr

Mca:

(iefcr

Supp

Kfcr:

1

j:!lfo

:-aS

IT lit

:Jls c -Ted.

Ill so Tift

snb)

W

DK.

L* im,

eyi

iSfcJ

*>d

'k

1

iir

Land Tax

Commissioners Names Bill ordered.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Bill for raising a Sum by Exchequer Bills deferred.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Exchequer. Bills deferred.

Bill to amend Act 31 Geo. 11, for the Encouragement of Seamen, deferred.

Bill for preventing Frauds in paying Seamen's Wages, &c. deferred.

32 Geo. III. 9° — lCF

committed, the Amendments which the Committee had' made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an " Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in " Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one;" and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen " employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a " regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them " more easily and readily to remit the same for the " Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Paymei^s;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, wras committed, be received upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act <c for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other u Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and " Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Shipsand for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Offi-Vol. 47.

Martii. 531

cers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was committed, received upon Monday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 10° die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Pelham, from the Select Committee Horsham who w?ere appointed to try and determine the Election Merits of the Petition of the Honourable William Gor- determined. don. commonly called Lord William Gordon, and James Baillie, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being lawful Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Timothy She/lei/, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bui gess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Horsham, in the County of Sussex:

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined.

That Wilson Braddyll\ Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the said Borough of Horsham.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Lord William Gordon, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the said Borough of Horsham.

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That the said Lord William Gordon is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Horsham.

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That James Baillie, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Horsham.

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That the said James Baillie, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Horsham.

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That the Petition of the said Lord William Gordon, and James Baillie, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That the Petition of the said Electors of the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That the Opposition of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered,

Horsham Return to be amended.

Middleton and Egles-ton, &c. Road Bill committed.

K elmen’g Bill committed.

Schroder’s Nat. Bill

passed.

Petitions for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

North Grim-ston Incisure Bill committed.

Bill for Application of a Sum for

532

10° Martii. A. 1792.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, forthwith, with the last Return for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, and

amend the same, by rasing out the Names of Timothy

Shelley and Wilson Braddyll Esquires, and inserting the Names of Lord William Gordon and James Baillie, Esquire, instead thereof.

A Bill for amending, widening, raising, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from The Hoodgate, at the West End of the Town of Middleton Teesdale, in the County of Durham, to the Town of in the same County, and from Egleslon Bridge to the Head of the said Town of Egleslon, and from thence to the Collieries or Coal Works called West Pitts, in the Parish of Saint Andrews Aucklandin the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Milhanke,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, employed on the River Wear, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Mithanke, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Schroder,

effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His Reductio* of present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting Natienal " certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every ^n^pre*

" Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the " Reduction of the National Debt," and to provide for the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Four Bill for hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to Reduction of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, ^a',onal to be by them placed to the Account of the Commis- m*tt^C0B* sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, w'as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing Dealers in British Spirits to buy Bill to allow British Spirits of all entered Dealers, was read a Second the buying Time. British SP‘*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. teredDealm

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee committed. ’ of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for naturalizing Herman Schroder.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Bury Saint Edmunds, and of others in its Vicinity, in the County of Suffolk: Ami also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Taunton: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Crein the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Topsham, in the county of : And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and principal Inhabitants of Falmouth and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Redruth and its Vicinity, in the County of Cornwall;

W'ere severally presented to the House, and read; Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Grounds within the Parish of North in

the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Burdon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Earl of Mornington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more

A Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in Rill for the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Execution preventing of Body Warrants, was road a Second Time. respecttT

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Body \yar.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee runts, com-of the whole House. maud.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill respect-a Bill for repealing certain Regulations with respect to ingexporting Certificates on exporting Tea to Ireland or America: Ia*j^.cre' And the same was received; and read the First lime, presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill for a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in preventing the Revenue of Excise with respect to the Manufactur-ing of Sope: And the same was received; and read the Sopjpre-Fil’st Time. sented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill for a Bill lor the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in preventing the Revenue of Excise, by Common Brewers: And the ( same was received; and read the First Time. Brewers,

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time. presented.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, ac- Land Tax cording to Order, a Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Commission-Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed, by on Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to se‘ntep[e' put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-one;" and for appointing

other

JL,

32 Geo. III.

10* — 12? Martii

533

other Commissioners, together with those named in better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; with the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act out any Amendment: And also.

of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for rt-His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Act for repealing the Duties upon Malt, granted by Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of oo Malt. 1 *

His present Majesty, intituled,

Committee appointed to prepare Mili-tiaBatimate.

Accounts relative to Convicts ordered.

Account of Work done by Convicts ordered.

Accounts and Papers relating to Convicts to be printed.

Seven hundred and Ninety-two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resotved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 179a.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Steel, 8cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Accounts delivered into the Court of King's Bench, in each Term, during the Years 1789, 1790, and 1791, relative to the Convicts on Board the Hulks at Woolwich, and elsewhere.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Work done by the Convicts on Board the Hulks, from the 1st of January 1789 to the 1st of January 1792; distinguishing the several Hulks and Years, and stating the Numbers employed during such Periods, with the Quantity and computed Value of the Works.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts and Papers, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Convicts on Board the Hulks, nd those transported to Nezo South Wales, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill bvExche-m for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or

Kjt aL a. a 13 «1 l«. Lv a. W 4* K V m I I

Committee on Bill for

quer Bills.

Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt;’’ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for re-Act for repealing a certain Part of the Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles); with- Canute*, out any Amendment.

Ana then the Messengers withdrew.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, aceord- Horsham Rting to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of turn amended. Horsham, in the County of Sussex.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux Gentleman RoyaUwent Usher of the Black Rod: Bllls*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke 01 His

Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Graham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth, viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Malt granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

Committee on Bill for raising a further Sum by Exchequer Bills.

The Lords have agreed

to

Mutiny Bill.

Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety two.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hetiry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made se--yeral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon " Malt:"

An Act for repealing a certain Part of the Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles).

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 12* die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii III*" Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

SIR Martin Brown Folkcs reported from the Com- Downham mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Market Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act ot P-r- *l«ad* Peti-liament, made in the 'iwelith Year of the Reign of

Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Vou 47. 6 U Road

turns reported.

}>cHi(>rH Borough Election determined.

Tewkesbury

Writ.

St, Pancras Burial Ground, &c. Bill presented.

534 12° Mar1T92.

Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, in Dawnham Market, to the Queens Head, and from the Chequer Inn, in Dawnham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close, id the Parish of Barton, and towards JVatton, to a Place called The Deed's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk, and for stopping up the Road leading from through Barton Layes, towards JVatton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; And,

Mr. William Creasey being examined, said, That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, un« less the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze in Downham Market to the Queen's Head, and from the Chequer Inn, in Dawnham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close in the Parish of Barton, and towards JVatton to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk, and for stopping up the Road leading from Siradsett, through Barton Layes, towards JVatton: And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Sir John JVodehouse, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir William Scott, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Payne, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Samuel JJJiitbread, Esquire, is duly elected

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of John Payne, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, in the room of Sir William rington, Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Maimtaringpresented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for. providing an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the Parish of Saint Puncras, in the County of Middlesex, and for abutting

up the present Foot Path leading through tire Church Yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to waltonon

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open the Would* Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste InclosureBiii Grounds, within the Parish of JValton on the JVoulds, PresenUd-in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open p^ntei Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Redmile, in the County of Leicester:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tempest reported from the Committee, to Borough-whom the Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms bridge and and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Years of reported, and the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, r«-commit-for repairing the High Road leading from Borough- ud-bridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Freeholders and principal Inhabitants of the Town of

lington, in the County of Durham, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tin; Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Manufac- Petitions iu hirers, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town of favour of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of J Vest norland: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Manufacturers, and others, resident in or near tire Town of Preston, in the County Palatine of caster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to Houghton, in

the County Palatine of Lancaster: And praying that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord- Kirkby Ken-ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a dalCaaal Bill Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County Pre8eBted. of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near Berwick, to or near K Warton

32 Geo. III. 12? Martii. 535

Wartm Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch,

from, at, or near, Galemoss, by Charley, to or near JDuxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 22d Day of this Instant March.

Manchester Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, ac-ucdei^L cor<*'nff to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining ffLVi jjiJI. a Navigable Canal, from the Town of Manchester, presented. to or near the Towns of Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant March.

Peebles Mr. Montgomery reported from the Committee, to

Petition*C’ wh°m tf‘e Petition of the Freeholders, Land Owners, reported. and others, in the County of Peebles, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leuding from Tweed Cross towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blytk Bridge, La Mancha, and Whim, and by Linton and Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh; and also another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Peebles to the King's Eatedge, and to Gatehope-knovo Burnfoot and to the Top of ntuir, and to Loch-head, in the County of Peebles, were read. And,

Robert Dundas M'Queen, Esquire, being examined, said. That great Progress has been made in repairing and widening the several Roads specified in the said Acts; for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, which now remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the Roads completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are further enlarged.

And the Witness added. That it would much facilitate the making good Roads in the County of Peebles, and greatly contribute to the general Benefit of the said County, if further Powers were granted for regulating the Statute Labour within the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Peebles, and for making the said Acts more effectual; and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County: And that Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Pringle, and Mr MacDouall,

do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Craraond Mr. John Hope presented to the House, according Bridge and to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Queeusferry an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present printed. Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the p " Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in

Vol. 47-

" the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King " George the Second, as relates to the repairing the " Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of " Queens/erry, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First I iine.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, accord- Wood ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Endwby In-Open and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in prw* the Parish of Wood Enderby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, accord- Uffington in-ing to Order, a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the closure Bill Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Preseuled-Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Uffington, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Vianders, Free Burgesses, and petjtionJ for principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Newport, in an Abolition the County of Cornwall: And also, of the Slave

A Petition of the Town and Vicinity of Welling- ^rac*e‘ borough, in the County of Northampton: And also,

A Petition of the Vicar and Inhabitants of the Town of Sherborne, in the County of Dorset: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, convened by the Mayor, on Tuesday the 28th Day of February 1792: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Forres, met in Common Council: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Olney, in the County of Bucks: And also,

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Aberdeen, in Council convened:

And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of Orton, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of Westmorland: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Common Council, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Pembroke: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Common Council, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Tenby;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Plymouth the Petition of Thomas Bryer, in Behalf of himself Dock Water and others, w as referred; That the Committee had *>etl,|o'1 rt* examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had (Mr.Brytr’s)-directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John King being examined, said, That the Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth Dock have, ever since the building the rcreof, laboured under very great Inconvenience and Expence, as well as Danger from the Accidents of Fire, from the Want of a sufficient Supply ot Fresh Water — That the Petitioners are in Possession of a Stream of pure and wholesome Water,

sufficient

s

c

12° Martii.

A. 1792.

Langport and isomer-ton, Sec ltoads Bill committed.

sufficient for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Town, which will not diminish the Quantity offWater now running into Plymouth.

Ordered, That the said Report do Ue upon the Table.

Correspon- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co-pondence re- pjes of t[ie Correspondence between the Admiralty bringing W'a- an<^ Navy Boards with Thomas Bryer, Esquire, in the ter into Ply- Years 1789, 1790, and 1791, relative to the Proposal mouth Dock, of bringing Water into Plymouth Dock.

ordered.

A Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road leading from The Red Post in the Parish of Fivehead, through the Towns of Langport and Somerton to and seve-

ral other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset: and for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads from Castlecary to Sparkford, and from the Cross Roads at Galhampton to the Sherborne Turnpike Road leading to Wincanton, and from the Cross Roads in Langport Eastover to the Mar lock Turnpikes Road in the Parish of Longsutton, and from the Direction Post on the said Martock Turnpike Road to the Ivcl-chester Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Kingsdon, and from Marshall's Elm, in the Parish of Street, to the Somerton Turnpike Road, in the Parish of King-weston, in the said County, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Phelips, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making and . maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Foot of Coombe Hill, in the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called Fisher's otherwise Fletchers Leap, in the Parish of Deerhurst, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Master, &c.: And they are to meet this Af- . temoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath, and William Morshead, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, upon the nth Day of March last, the Select Committee, who were -appointed, to- try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Richard Edgcumbe, commonly called Lord Viscount Valletort, and Philip Rash-high, Esquire, and also, another Petition of the Right honourable Molineux Lord Shuldham, and the Petitioner Sir Ralph Payne, and also, another Petition of John Rashleigh, Richard Hennah, Samuel Ntvil

Norxvay, and Benjamin Bloomfiwho claimed a Right

to vote at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Fowey, on Behalf of themselves and others, who were at the said Election lawful Electors for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borou^i, did report to the House, That the Merits of the Petitions did in Part depend upon the Right of choosing, nominating, or appointing the Re-. turning Officer who was to make Return of such Election, and that thereupon the said Select Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing, of the Right of choosing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer for the said Borough,

for which they respectively contended: That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioners, Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph , delivered in a Statement as follows: — The Portreeve is the Re-

Coombe Hill ami Cheltenham Canal Bill committed.

Petition respecting the Right of choosing the Returning Officer for Fowey.

" turning Officer at *Elections to serve in Parliament " for the said Borough of Fowey; the Portreeve for " the said Borough is chosen or presented by the Ho- mage at a Court holden for the said Manor of Fowey " usually soon after Michaelmas, by the Steward or " Deputy Steward of the Prince of Wales, Lord of the " said Borough and Manor, in Right of his Dutchy " of Cornwall;" that the Counsel for the said Peti-

tioners, Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, and also for the said Petitioners, John Rashleigh, Richard Hennah, Samuel Nicolls, Nevil Norway, and Benjamin Bloomfield, on Behalf of themselves and others, delivered in a Statement as follows:- — " The Persons entitled to " elect the Portreeve of the Borough of Fowey are " those who are capable of holding that Office, that " is, such Prince’s Tenants only as have been duly " admitted'on the Court Rolls of the Manor of the " said Borough, and have done their Fealty; and such " Persons only are duly admitted, whose Lands were " anciently, and continue to be, held immediately of " the Duke of Cornwall, as Parcel of his said Manor " of the said Borough, and whose Titles to those " Lands have been presented at a Court Baron by a " sworn Homage, or a Jury of the said Freeholders of " the said Borough;" that the said Select Committee had duly considered of the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them, touching the Right of choosing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer for the said Borough of Fowey, and had determined, " That the Portreeve of the Borough of Fowey " is the Returning Officer for the said Borough, and " that it is necessary that such Returning Officer should " be chosen or presented by the Homage or Jury of " Prince’s Tenants, duly admitted on the Court Rolls " of the Manor of the said Borough; and that Prince’s Tenants admitted by the Steward, or Deputy Steward, at a Court holden in the said Manor, " are duly admitted; and that the Presentment of the " Homage is not- necessary to such Admission;" and that John Cory ton, of the said Borough of Esquire, Thomas Graham, of the same Place, Esquire, Henry Hawkins Tremayne, of Helligan, in the County of Cornxvall ', Clerk, and John Rashleigh, of in

the same County, Esquire, claiming to have a Right to choose, nominate, for appoint the Returning Officer of the said Borough, on the 1st Day of February last presented a Petition to the House, and therein stated, that they conceived themselves to be greatly aggrieved by such Determination of the said Select Committee, and prayed that they might be admitted as Parties to oppose that Right of choosing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer of the said Borough, who is to make Returns of Members elected for the said Borough, which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and so reported by them to the House; and that the Petitioners insist that the Right of choosing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is the ancient and true Right of choosing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer for the said Borough of Fowey: Arid therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend the Right of choosing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer of the said Borough, so reported to the House as aforesaid, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, and that they may have such farther Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and as the Nature of their Case may require. ’ >

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday next, at the same Time that the Petition of John Coryton, of the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, Thomas Graham, of the same Place, Esquire, Henty Hawkins Tremayne, of Helligan, in the same County, Clerk, and John

Rashleigh,

i^-

Glasgow and Yoker Bridge ltoad Bill presented.

Renfrew Statute Labour Petition reported.

Rashleigh, of Penquite, in the same County, Esquire, Persons who have a Right to choose, nominate, and appoint the Returning Officer of the said Borough, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of rowey, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. William M'Doxcallpresented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to continue the Term of Two Acts, made in the " Twenty-sixth and Tw enty-seventh Years of the Reign " of his late Majesty King George the Second, for " repairing several Roads leading into the City of " Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from " the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to " Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of

" Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbals to the " Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lancrk and

" Rafroze," so far as the said Act relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from The Forth to The Clyde: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William M‘Dowall reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Freeholders and Owners of Land, in the County of Renfrew, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Laws now subsisting in Scotland, for the making of Roads and building Bridges, have been found ineffectual for answering those Purposes in the County of Renfrerw, and that other and further Powers are necessary in order to carry the Intention of the said Laws into Execution; and Doubts have arisen in some Cases who are chargeable with repairing the Highways; and that it is at present attended with much Difficulty and Trouble to make effectual and properly apply the Statute Work in the said County — That a reasonable Composition in Money, instead of Labour, is in many Places found to be more useful and effectual, for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Services, than the actual Performance of the same; and that it will be of real Advantage to the County, in certain Cases, to convert the said Services into Money, and to fix and ascertain the Rate and Mode of levying thereof, and also to authorize a further Sum, than is at present levyable, for Road and Bridge Money in the said County.

Vo l. 47.

Then another Member present informed your Committee, That the Road to and from Elieston Bridge, in the said County of Renfrew, having been in a ruinous Condition, and so steep and inaccessible as to prevent any Improvement of the same, a new Bridge, called Garthland Bridge, was erected at a small Distance therefrom, and a new Road has been completely made thereto, at the sole Expence of William of

Garthland, Esquire, which supersedes the Use of the said Road to and from Elieston Bridge; and that therefore it would be of Advantage to the Public, that the said Road

O # 7

to and from Garthland Bridge should he and remain a public Road, to be used instead of the said Road by Elieston Bridge, in Time coming, and that the Road last mentioned should be shut up.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the said County: And that Mr. William M'Dimall, Mr.

Shaw Stewart, and Sir James Stcuart Denham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. William AVDowallreported from the Committee, Renfrew to whom the Petition of the Persons, w hose Names are K°a,s thereunto subscribed. Owners of Land, in the County let, llon

' j reported

of Renfrew, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, was read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock, by Corse-hill, and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, which w as directed to be repaired by the said Act, has, in many Places, been carried on in an improper Manner, and it will be necessary to alter the Direction thereof, and carry the same nearer the River Clyde; but the Money allowed to be borrowed by the said Act, and the Tolls authorized to be collected thereby, are not sufficient to defray the Expense of the said Alterations, and making and keeping the said Road in Repair — That there are several other Roads (described in the Petition) leading through the County, not comprised within the said Act, the repairing of which will be of great Utility — That the Roads leading to and from Ellesloun Bridge, in the said County, are in a ruinous Condition, and are become useless by another Bridge having been built across the River Blackart, about Half a Mile below; and it will therefore be proper that the said Roads should be shut up, and the Roads to and from the new Bridge used instead thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Roads leading from Renfrew to Greenock by Corschill, and by the Side of the River Clyde, by Port Glasgow, and the Bridge at Inchinnan, and for more effectually making and repairing and altering the Course of the said Road from Renfrew to Greenock, and for making and repairing other Roads connecting the rewith and leading to and from Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, and the Branches thereof; and for shutting up Bye Roads

6 X that;

538 12" Martii. At 1792.

that are useless to the Public: And that’Mr. William McDow all, Mr. Shorn Stewart, and Sir James Steuart Denham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Norfolk and Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according bankmentm* Order, a Bill for more effectually preserving certain Bil] Lands and Grounds, within the Counties of Norfolk

seated. and Suffolk, from Injary or Damage by the Sea: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported front the Committee, Militia who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Estimate Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for rePortei* the Year 1792; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read atld b as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1792.

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men

Clothing for D" -

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants

Clothing for D* -

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers -

Clothing for D* -

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals -D* - - D* - to 66 Adjutants -

28 Days Pay to the several Officers

28,784 ——

30,840 ——

18,781 ——

3,598 ——

4,690 — —

1,028 ——

12,521 ——

7,195 — —

8,700 ——

Ordered,

Table.

Folkestone Road Bill piSsed.

That the said Report do lie upon the Five Ways to New Street in Birmingham, in the said

County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

That the Bill be committed to Sir George An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. , &c.; And

leading out of the Turnpike Road from Dover, through they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, Folkestone, to Hythe, at a certain Place called Canterbury in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone,

to a certain Place in the Parish of Folkestone, called Mudsho/e; and for making a new Road from thence, through a certain Field, called through

Rainden Wood, over Swingfcldthrough Den-

ton, and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Direction Post on Barham Downs, in the Parish of Barham, at The Four Vents, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and w idening the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road from Dover, through Folkestone, to Hythe, at a certain Place called Canterbury Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, to a certain Place in the Parish of Folkestone, called Mud-sliole, and for making a new Road from thence, through a certain Field, called Yaldergates, through Rainden Wood, over SwingjieldMinnis, through Denton, and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Direction Post on Barham Downs, in the Parish of Barham, at The Four Vents.

Ordered, That Sir John Honywood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill to meed amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty- Acts relative sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Li- Keeper, fcc, censing ot Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for ordered, better regulating Ale-houses and the Manner of granting such Licences in future: And that Sir John Call, Mr.

Edward James Eliot, and Mr. W do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That tins House will, Tomorrow Morning, of-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to pointed for

consider of Licences to be granted to Persons selling Committe*

Wine to be drunk in their Houses.

on Wine License,

Stourbridge A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts,

and Birming- passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King

ham Road Bill committed.

George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported frota Bill for the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill rawing a for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand cheque Bills Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was committed, the reported. Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, were agreed to by the House.

Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, so far as the said Two several Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish of Hagley and County of Worcester, to The Cross of Hands at Holloway Head’near Birmingham, and from The

Ordered, That the ingrossed.

Bill, with the Amendments, be

Mr. Henry Hobart according to Order, reported Bill for from the Committee of the whole House, to whom

the

Bi

iss

L

tht

hi

hi

M

idt

Lan:

Coe

m

ttf

fsve

i*

<55

32 Geo. III.

12° Mctftn.

539

by Exehe- the Bill for raising a farther Sum of Money, by Loans

ported'11* or ^xc*le<iuer *or of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second '1 iuie, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bill to provide for Application of a Sum to Reduction of National Debt deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of " every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to " the Reduction of the National Debt," and to provide for the Application of an Additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loaos, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bill for Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House uuiing to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Se°Bank ofor upon for granting to His Majesty the Sum of

Reduction of Four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid National to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Debt

deferred.

Land Tax Commissioners Names Bill committed.

Bill for

preventing

Frauds in the

Excise by

Common

Brewers,

committed.

A Bill for recifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-one; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the 2d Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, by Common Brewers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself in a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vo l.47.

A Bill for repealing certain Regulations with respect to Certificates on exporting Tea to Breland or America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further " preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and " Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Shipsand for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, 1’hat the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the " Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method " for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of " their Wages; and for enabling them more easily " and readily to remit the same for the Support of " their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds " and Abuses attending such Payments and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or w ho may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Execution of Body Warrants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning next.

A Bill for regulating the Conduct of Auctioneers was read a Second Time.

Resolved, 'I hat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, I hat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill

BUI r*ipeeling Certificate* on exporting Tea to Ireland, tic. committed.

Bill for preventing Fraud* attending Pay-n.ent of Seamen* Wages, dtc. deferred.

Bill to amend Act 31 Geo. II.

for the Encouragement of Seamen deferred.

Committee on BUI for preventing Frauds in the Excise with respect to Body Warrants.

Bill for regulating the Conduct of Auctioneers, committed.

540

12° — 13? Marts.

A. 1792.

Bill for preventing Frauds in the Excise with respect to Sope, committer).

A Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise with respect to the Manufacturing of Sope, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire Concurrence.

Committee on Bill for allowing Dealers to buy British Spirits of all entered Dealers.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means de» House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ferre<1, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

House, upon the said Bill. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply de-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred> Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Majesty, upon the Bill for allowing Dealers in British Spirits to

buy British Spirits of all entered Dealers, be bow And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

read. " ' "

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be intrrossed.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 13° die Martii; Anno 32°Georgh III1'1 Regis, 1792.

P R A V E R s.

Motion for Committee to consider State of Land Forces so far as relates to the Settlement of their Accounts, &c.

Neg.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to consider the State of His Majesty’s Land Forces, so far as relates to the Settlement of their Accounts, and the Payment of their Arrears; and that the said Committee do report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

I Sir James St.

Tellers for the Yeas,< Ershine, >

[Major Maitland:

(Mr. Secretary at

War,

Mr. Steele:

So it passed in the Negative.

Clair, j

33-

74-

American Trade Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Laws, now in

THE Hour appointed for taking into Conside- steyning ration the Petition of John Martin Lloyd, Es- Petitions, quire, William Cooper, John Butcher, Thomas Sone,

Sidcrick Elgar, Richard Jenner, Charles Thomas of £je(fuon

Newman, Richard Kemp, Edmund Streeter, considered.

Sharp, Thomas Young, and John Batchelor the Younger, being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, as determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 7th Day of 1791; and also,

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and re-

Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of quire the Attendance of the Members- on the Business His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the of the House.

And he went accordingly. And being returned;

Yoxford and Aldeburgh Roads Bill passed.

Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United Mr. Henry Hobart, from the Select Committee who Sutherland States, was read the Third Time. were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Election

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Petition of Robert Bruce ot determined,

be, An Act to continue the Laws, now in Force, for Esquire; and also, the Petition of Robert Home Gordon, of j Esquire, severally complaining of an

undue Election and Return for the County of Sutherland, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Lieutenant General James Grant is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Sutherland:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said Robert Bruce

regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

ingrossed

Bill for amending,

widening, and

keeping in Repair, the several Roads or Brandies of Macleod, of Cadboll, Esquire, did appear to the said Road, leading from the Parishes of Yoxford, Saxmund- Select Committee to be frivolous and vexatious: ham, and Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town And also. That the said Select Committee have

of Aldeburgh, in the said County, was read the Third determined,

Time. That the Petition of the said Robert Home Gordon,

Resolved, That the Bill do passAnd that the Title of Embo, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Committee to be frivolous or vexatious

Repair, the several Roads or Brandies of Road, leading from the Parishes of Yoxford, Saxmundham, and Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aldeburgh, in the said County.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said Lieutenant General James Grant, to the said several Petitions, did not

appear

541

appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Proceeding* Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Petitions Tel One hundred and Eighteen Members being present; specting the The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Right of Bar.

Election. And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions respecting the Right of Election for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of Sir Baronet, was

drawn:

And the said Member having stated to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he had served on the former Committee, which had determined the Right of Election for the said Borough, and that therefore he ought not to be required to serve on the Committee now to be appointed for the Purpose of trying the Merits of the Petitions now taken into Consideration;

Thereupon the said Counsel and Agents were directed to retire some Way from the Bar.

The House was moved, That so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials " of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members " to serve in Parliament," as relates to the Allegations of Special Excuses for not serving on Select Committees, on which the Opinion of the House is directed to be taken, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Sir John Ingilby, Baronet, having served on the former Committee which had determined the Right of Election for the said Borough, and therefore coming within the said Provisions of the Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be excused from serving on the said Select Committee;

The House divided.

Yeas to the Right: Noes to the Left.

Teller for the Yeas, — The Lord North, - 52.

Teller for the Noes, — Nr. John Smyth, - 60.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel and Agents were again called to

o o

the Bar.

And the Names of Six other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Honourable Lieutenant Colonel Henry Phipps being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted to defend the Right of Election as determined by the former Committee.

And the Names of Twenty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Charles Gould being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, that, as Judge Advocate General, his Attendance was absolutely necessary on a General Court Martial, holden for the Trial of Lieutenant Lees, of the Corps of Engineers; and the Substance of what was so alleged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, and he was excused from serving on the said Committee*

And the Names of Twenty-two other Members, then present, w ere drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-eight other Vol. 47.

Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Nine on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Four against whose Election Petitions were depending; One as being a Petitioner, complaining of an undue Election and Return; Seven as then serving on Select Committees; and Seven on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners admitted to oppose the Right of Election as determined by the former Committee, nominated the Right honourable Charles James Fox to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Bank of Scot-Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor land PetltluU and Company of the Bank of Scotland was referred; rePorted-That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year if>Q5, intituled, "An Act for erecting a Bank in " Scotland" was read, whereby a Joint Stock, amounting to Twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots Money, that is, One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, was allowed to be raised by the Company thereby established, for carrying on and managing a Public Bank, and certain Persons therein mentioned were authorized to appoint a Book for receiving the Subscriptions of such Persons as were willing to become Adventurers in the said Joint Stock; and by the said Act it was declared, That all and every the Persons subscribing and paying to the said Joint Stock, in Manner therein directed, should be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, under which Name they should have perpetual Succession, and should have a Common Seal, and certain Rules were thereby prescribed for the better ordering and managing the Affairs of the said Bank; and under the said Act, and Rules and Orders therein mentioned, the said Bank w as soon after established, and has ever since continued.

Then an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to " enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of " Scotland to increase the Capital Stock of the said " Company," was read, whereby it is enacted, That within One Month after the passing of the said Act, or as soon after as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank should appoint a Book to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland, for receiving Subscriptions for an additional Capital or Joint Stock of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, and no more, in which Book every Person or Persons possessed of a Share or Shares of the original Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland should be entitled to subscribe for as much of the said new or additional Stock as he, she, or they, should be possessed of the old or original Stock at the Time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more, or for a lesser Number of Shares, if such Person or Persons should so think proper.

Then another Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to enable the Governor and Company of " the Bank of Scotland farther to increase the Capital

6 Y u Stock

13° Martii.

A. m®.

«' Stock of the said Company," was also read, where- this Afternoon, at Fite of the Clock, in the Speaker’s by it is enacted, That within One Month after the Chamber, passing of the said Act, or as soon thereafter as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank A Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering Burford, should appoint a Book to be opened and kept at the the Road leading from the Town of Burford, in the Leachlade, Office of the said Bank of Scotland, for receiving Sub- County of Ovjord, to , in the County of "oad*gi|*n

scriptions for an additional Capital or Joint Stock, to Gloucest, and for making a Road from thence to the commitwd. the Extent of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots, Riv, er Isis or Thames; for building a Bridge across the or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Money, said River, and for making a Road from thence to join and no more, in which Book every Person or Persons the present Road leading from Leachlade to Iuglesham, possessed of Two or more Shares of the Capital Stock and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the of the said Bank of Scotland at the Time, should be said last mentioned Road, to and through the Town of entitled to subscribe for a proportional Share of the Highw in the County of Wilts, to the present said new or additional Stock, corresponding to the Turnpike Road leading from Cricklade to , in

Share so possessed by such Person or Persons at the the same County, was read a Second Time.

Time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more, or Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. God-fora lesser Number of Shares, if such Person or Persons dard, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet this should so think proper. And, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Robert Forrester, Esquire, being examined, said, Chamber.

That the Bank of Scotland is of great National Advantage; and a further Increase of its Capital Stock Mr. Hawkins Brow ne reported from the Committee, Bridgnorth would tend greatly to the Advancement of Commerce, to whom the Bill for taking down the Church, Chan-Agriculture, and Manufactures, and be otherwise highly cel, and Tower, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary rep°

beneficial to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. Secretary do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

Petitions for A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, im A toll tv hi Inhabitants of the Borough of Newark, and Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Incorporations of the Royal Burgh of Banff, met, in Consequence of a Call from their Convener, to take into their Consideration the African Slave Trade: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, Chief Steward, Capital Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Leominster: And also,

A Petition of the Freeholders and other Inhabitants of Saint Germans, and its Neighbourhood: And also.

of the Slave Trade.

Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for re-building the same, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Sope in London, Sope Maw-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners, confiding in the Protection of A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, the Laws, have erected Buildings and purchased LTten-and other Inhabitants of the Town of Stokeslcy, in the sils, at a great Expence, for carrying on the Manu-County of York, and its Neighbourhood: And also, facture of Sope, and, alarmed at the Depredations A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of which Smugglers and fraudulent Manufacturers have Chesham, Chesham-Bois, Cheneys, and Hazvridge, in committed on their Trade, and Consequently on that the County of Bucks And also, important Branch of the Revenue which depends upon

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Tree- it, are impelled by a Sense of Public Duty, as well as holders, residing in and near the Town of Modbury, in of private Interest, to submit the following Facts to

the Consideration of Parliament: That these Frauds arise from Two Causes, First, that the Public at present, finding themselves heavily burthened with the Tax on Sope as it now stands, seek to relieve themselves by encouraging the Smuggling of Irish and other Foreign Sopes into this Kingdom, which they can and do purchase at much lower Prices than the fair Trader can afford to sell Sope at; and, Secondly, that the Duties

the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Dumbarton, the Minister and Kirk Session, the Deacons and Members of the Five incorporated Trades, and other Inhabitants thereof, thereunto subscribing: And also,

A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the LTniversity of Cambridge:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; on Sope cannot be fairly collected from the Country

Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

"Middleton Ty&s Lune and Bowes Road BUI committal.

A Bill to continue the Term of Two Acts of the

Sope Makers, who, lying dispersedly, and at great Distances from each other, particularly in Scotland, since the last additional Duty on Sope, the Excise Officers cannot visit them above Once a Day for a few Minutes, and sometimes not so often, so that such Sope Makers can and do Daily commit very great Frauds on the Revenue, which cannot be detected, Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the and pay in Fact only what Duty of Excise they please: Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing And therefore praying. That the Payment of the Duty the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas of Excise on Sope in future may be fully enforced, and Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greata Bridge, and not partially, or that the said Duty of Excise may be

from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the wholly discontinued, if it shall seem meet to the County of York, was read a Second Time. House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

to

32 Geo. III. ]3° Martii.

543

to whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Manufacturing of Sope, is committed.

Quick's A 23ill to enable Nuteombe Quick, of Kutcombe, in

onimitiedV t*ie County of Devon, Clerk, and his First and other Sons and their Issue Male, and his Daughters and their Issue, to take and use the Surname ot Kutcombe, according to the last Will and Testament of Hannah Nut-combe Bluett, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastard, ike.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Weldon In- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and closure Bill Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and commute . \yastc Grounds, in Great Weldon and Little Weldon, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bou-verie, Mr. Dickins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Nith River Mr. Miller reported from the Committee, to whom Fishery Peti- the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Pro-tion reported. prjetors Gf Fishings in the River Nith, in the County of Dumfries, and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, was referred; That the Committee lmd examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to* the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1681, and also an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, relative to the Salmon Fishery in the Water of Nith, were read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Laws in being for regulating the Fisheries in the River Nith have hitherto proved inadequate for checking the Abuses they were intended to correct; and that the Salmon Gilses, Salmon or Sea Trouts, and Hidings, and the Spawn or Fry thereof, are frequently taken and destroyed at improper Seasons in the said River Nith, and the Rivers or Streams which run into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, to the great Detriment of the Owners and Occupiers of the Fisheries, and Disadvantage of the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and improving the Salmon Fishery in the River Nith, in the County of Dumfries: And that Mr. Miller, Sir Robert Laurie, and Mr. William MDowall, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Road, and also for shutting up and stopping certain Bye Roads therein mentioned, all lying in the County of Northumberland; and that the Roads leading from Flvd-den Twine to the Borders of Scotland, and from Cornhill Burn aforesaid to the East End of the Village of Cornhill, and from the West End thereof to Coldstream Bridge, across the River Tweed, and also from LfKiiek aforesaid, by Kijloe, to join the Eastern Turnpike Road leading from Be ford to Berwick, at or near Fenwick Woodhcad, are narrow, incommodious, and out of Repair, and cannot be properly amended and widened by the Laws in being, and it would tend greatly to the Improvement of Agriculture in the Country adjacent to the said Roads, and be beneficial to the Neighbourhood, by opening a Communication with Collieries and Quarries of Lime Stone, and be of great Convenience to the Public in general, if the said Roads were properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said last mentioned Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, and other Inhabitants, within the Parishes of Ford and Loicick, and other adjacent Parishes, in the County of Northumberland, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Shaw Stewart presented to the House, according Renfrew Sta-to Order, a Bill for making effectual the Statute Labour labour in the County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion *t'nU^rc’ Money in lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Share Stewart presented to the House, accord- Renfrew

for enlarging the Term and I{oa(Js I5l,l 3 in the Thirtieth Year of the lm£r, Uct*

ing to Order, a Bill Powers of an Act, made Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock, by Corsehi/l, and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and the Bridge at Inchin-nan, and for more effectually making and repairing and altering the Course of the said Road from Renfrew to Greenock, and for making and repairing other Roads connecting the rewith, and leading to and from Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, and the Branches thereof; and for shutting up Bye Roads that are useless to the Public: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Additional A Petition of the Duke of Bucclcuch, and Lord De-Petition to lava I, and the humble Petition of several Freeholders,

lowickd Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of Lands and

Roads. Tenements, within the several Parishes and Chapelries

of Ford, Lowick, Kirkncwton, Car ham, and Brankston, in the County of Northumberland, and of Kyloe and Cornhill, in the County of Durham, and other adjacent Parishes in the said Counties, and in North Britain, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill for amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Cornhill Burn, by Pallimburn and F/od-den Lane, to Mi/field March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to IIuntinghalL Burn, near Sams House, and also from Ford Bridge, through Etal, to Dudlwe Burn, otherwise Homey Bum, adjoining to the Berwick Turnpike Vo 1.. 47.

A Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish ^t* lode’s Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the poorViill"1 City of London, and for providing a Workhouse for committed, the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Watson, Sir Jl'atkin Lewes, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. William ATDowall reported from the Com- Glasgow Po-mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, l,ce ^etlt, on Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Glas- , Ll)0Ile ’ gore, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had

not

13° Martii.

A. 1792.

not been complied with, it not being determined to apply to Parliament until the Time limited by the said Orders for giving Notices was elapsed, and that the Parties were not apprised of the said Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An ingrossed Bill for allowing Dealers in British Bill for Spirits to buy British Spirits of all entered Dealers, was read the Third Time. buy British

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be, Spirits of all An Act for allowing Dealers in British Spirits to buy entered DmI-British Spirits of any entered Dealers. passei

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* of Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Annual R«. Mr. John Seton being examined, said, That the In- Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and venues Md habitants of the said City of Glasgow have of late Orissa, and from Benares und Otide, under the Heads o^th^E^t' Years greatly increased in Number; and that it would of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, India Com-greatly tend to their Accommodation, and to that of the Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Cus- puny, or-Public, if certain Streets and Avenues leading to the toms, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and dered-

Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the Past India Company in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude, dis-

same were opened, Footways and Pavements made, the Streets better lighted, cleansed, and watched, and the Police and Markets better regulated: And, in order to carry these useful Purposes into Execution, it will be necessary to raise certain Funds; and that Power should be given for disposing of the Glebe belonging to the Cure of the High Church of the said City by Contracts of Ground-Annual.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave he granted, that Notices may be given at the next Adjourned or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Lanerk, and in Three Newspapers to be

tinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of

Chapel-en* le-Frith and Knterclough Bridge, &c. 11 oads Bill ommitted.

Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a printed or circulated in the said County, in the present Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of Month of il larch, of the Application to Parliament the Revenues of the East India Company in the Pro-

for the Purposes stated in the said Report. vinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Be-

nares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage A Bill for repairing and improving the Road from Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenues, the Town of Chapel-t n-le-Frith to, or near to Enter- Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the

clough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and also the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Road from the Village of llayfield to il larple Bridge, Year 1790-91, and of the Charges defrayed by the

in the said County, and also the Road from the Village said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares of Olossop to a certain Gate called Claylands Gate, in and Oude, distinguishing the same under the respecthe Township of Longdemlale, on, or near to, the Side tive Heads of "Civil, Military, and Marine, the of the Turnpike Road leading from Mottramto Wood- Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting head, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read a the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard,

Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Duke of Newcastle, was pve-

Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for the said Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint,

and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of

Duke of

"NewcabUe’s sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy

Petition ... ~ ’ -

11 gainst N«>t-tuuiliam Canal Bill.

Bill for making and

maintaining

N avigable

Canal

from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth, That the Peti-

from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms or Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest

© 7 O

Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East

with the

Committee on \V ine Licences deferred.

tioner is Owner of a very considerable Estate, situate India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, in the said County of Nottingham, and also in and near and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the the said Town of Nottingham, and, in case the said Carnatic and the Northern Circars; distinguishing the Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands, a very same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, great Injury will result therefrom to the Petitioner’s Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of said Estates: And therefore praying, That he may be collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House

together

according to the latest Advices latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, to consider of Licences to be granted to Persons selling Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot Wine to be drunk in their Houses; and Rajah of , Land Revenues, and Farms

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, or Licences, for the Year 1790-gi, and of the Charges resolve itself into the said Committee. defrayed for the same Year by the said Company,

in

in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil and Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms or Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms or Licences, for the Year 1790-91, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges of those Presidencies respectively; and also, the Expences of the Presidency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, of the Island of Saint Helena, and of the Factory at Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimates of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th Day of April 1791 to the 1st Day of May 1792.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 30th Day of April 1791 to the 1st Day of May 1792.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the 30th Day of April 1791 to the 1st Day of May 1792.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a General Abstract of the Estimates of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Presidencies of Fort JVdliam, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, between the 30th Day of April 1791 and the 1st Day of 1792.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company at their respective Presidencies and Set-Vql. 47-

dements in The East Indies, according to the latest

Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India, between the 30th of April 1790 and the 1st of May 1791, agreeable to the Orders of the 15th of September 178,5, and of the 31st of July 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, between the 30th of April 1790 and the 1st of May 1791.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, between the 30th of April 1790 and the 1st of May 1791.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, between the 30th of April

1790 and the 1st of May 1791.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the East India Company’s Affairs, in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they stood at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and the Factory of Canton, on the 30th Day of April

,791*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped Joy Europe, in the Year 1790-91, together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency not added to the Invoice.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Cash which remained in the Treasury of the East India Company on the 1st Day of March 1791, and of their Receipts and Payments in England, from the 1st Day of 1791 to

the 1st Day of March 1792; together with an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments, from the 1st Day of March 1792 to the 1st Day of March 1793.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales of Goods from The East Indies between the 1st Day of March 1791 and the 1st Day of March 1792, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandise, paid or to be paid thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of East India Goods, from the 1st Day of March

1791 to the 1st Day of March 1792, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandise, to be paid thereout.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales of the Goods from China, between the 1st Day of March 1791 and the 1st Day of March 1792, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandise, paid or to be paid thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of China Goods, from the 1st Day of March 1791 to the 1st Day of March 1792, and the Amount of

Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandise, to be paid thereout.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Great Britain, as the same stood upon the 1st Day of March 1792.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement of the Debts of the East India Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from agree-

able to the Orders of the 15th of September 1785 and the 31st July 1787) and a Statement of the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float Outward, as they stood on the 1st Day of March 1792; together with an Account of the Balance of Quick Stock in China, according to the latest Advices.

6 Z Ordered,

13° Mar tii.

A. 1792;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an . perused a Bill, depending in the House, for vesting in Account of Stock, per Computation, of the East India Jonathan his Executors, Administrators,

Company, on the 1st Day of March 1792. and Assigns, the sole Use-and Property of certain Ma-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an chines or Engines for raising Water and other Liquids, Account of the Prime Cost, and Sale Amount, of such commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, de-Goods from India and China, as have been sold at the scribed therein, for a limited Time, and the Petitioners East India Company’s Sales, between the 1st Day of are apprehensive that, if the' said Bill should pass into’ March 1791 and the 1st Day of March 1792; dis- a Law, it will materially affect and prejudice the tinguishing Quantity and Qbality, in the Total or Rights of the Petitioners under the said recited Act:

Abstract. And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that

Copy of the separate Letter on the Finances of India, the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Peti-

from the Court of Directors to the Governor'General tioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as in Council at Bengal, dated the 4th of August 1791. to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Swell Wold A Bill for widening, altering, and repairing, the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; ham^toads" ^oa(^s from Swell Wold, in the County of Gloucester, to and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves

Bill commit- or near Sixth Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition,

ted.

leading from the Borough of Texckcsbury to the Town if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Tewkesbury Poor Bill committed.

of Stow, in the same County, and from the N orth-East End of The Swan Lane, in the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County, to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the Parish of Sedgborough, in the County of Worcester-, and from the Town of Winchcomb, in Mr. Henry Hobart', according to Order, reported Bill for pr». the said County of Gloucester, by a Place called Slump from the Committee of the whole House, to whom p4"yj?ilU. Cross, to or near the Tenth Mile Stone on the said the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds Excise with Turnpike Iload, leading from Texckcsbury to Stoxv in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Execution respect to aforesaid, was read a Second Time. of Body Warrants, was committed, the Amendments Body War-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which nts "P011-Berkeley, Mr. Master, &c.: And they are to meet this they had directed him to report to the House; and 4 Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deii-Chamber. vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s'

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

Boor of and belonging to the Parish of Texckcsbury, in and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time. agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Bloxham, Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s' Chamber.

Bill for ruis- An ingrossed. Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, ing a Sum by by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the chequer Bills ^ear ^ne thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, passed.

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title upon Friday Morning next he, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ingrossed.

Mr. Adam presented to the Hbuse, according to Servants

Order, a Bill to prevent the forging and counterfeit- Characters ing Certificates of Servants Characters: And the same se'ntX' was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be. read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned be- Steyning ing returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at- R'ght o' tend the said Select Committee delivered in to the Elecuon

House One of the said Lists, which had been struck appumted.1 by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with Bill for rais- An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members ing a further by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List SumbyLoans Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, the Names of the Honourable Lieutenant Colonel Bills passed. was read the Third Time. Henry Phipps and the Right honourable Charles James

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Fox, being added, the same was called over; and is as be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by follows:

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of James Watt, Engineer, and of Mat-

Sir John Call, Baronet, Ralph Esquire,

Sir George Cornewall, Baronet, Captain Gardner, the

Honourable William Grbnstone, Sir John Wodehouse, Baronet, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Isaac Haxc-kins Broxcnc, Esquire, Mark Pringle, Esquire, John Bond, Esquire, the Earl Philip

Petition

Homblower’s thczo Boulton, Merchant, who, by virtue of an Agree- Esquire, George White Thomas, Esquire, the Ho-

Bill. ment with the said James Wait, is interested in the nourable Lieutenant Colonel Henry Phipps, the Right

Invention herein immediately after mentioned, was honourable Charles James Fox.

presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select an Act was passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition

of His present Majesty, for vesting in the Petitioner of James Marlin Lloyd, Esquire, William Cooper, John

James Watt, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of certain Steam

Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Inven- mund Streeter, Thomas Young, and

tion, described in the said Act, throughout His Ma- thfe Younger; and also, of the Petition of the

jesty’s Dominions, for a limited Time, which Time several Persons whose Names are thereutito subscribed, is not yet expired; and that the Petitioners have Electors of the Borough of Steyning, in the County of

Sussex,

Motion for going into a Committee to inquire into Abuses committed at the Westminster Election,

N*g.

Rill for preventing

Frauds by

common

Brewers

deferred.

Bill respecting exporting Tta to Ireland, &c. deferred.

Bill for regulating Auctioneers deferred.

Bridgnorth Church Bill passed.

Sussex Justices Petition relating to the Militia reported.

Sussex, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, That they would well and truly try the Merits of the said Petitions, and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire into all Abuses committed, by Persons in Office, at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the City of Westminster in July 1788, as far as the same relate to Penalties incurred under the Excise Laws, or Lottery Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:

Tellers for the Noes / ^one* ,

tellers lor the Serjeant

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, by Common Brewers.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing certain Regulations with respect to Certificates on exporting Tea to Ireland or America.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Conduct of Auctioneers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

| 84-

j"221.

Mcrcurii, 14° die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIIui Regis, 1792*.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for re-building the same, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for re-building the same, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawkins Broune do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Lennox reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the Eastern Division of the Vol. 47.

County of Sussex, met and assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Leues, in and for the said County of Sussex, the 6th Day of October was referred; That the Committee had examined, the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Ellis being examined, said, That, by virtue of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better ordering the Militia of this Kingdom, the Justices of the Peace acting for the Eastern Division of the County of Sussex, in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, assembled, ordered the Sum of 2,097/. 10 s. — d. $to be raised upon the said Eastern Division, for the Purposes of the said Act; but, by reason of some Difficulties arising thereupon, no more than the Sum of 886/. 12s. 2d. i was collected, and paid into the Hands of Mr.

Charles Gilbert, the Treasurer of the said Division; as appeared by an Account produced to your Committee.

The Witness further said, That, by virtue of another Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, respecting the Militia, the said Justices ordered the like Sum of 2,097/. 10^. — d. I to be raised upon the said Eastern Division, of which no more than the Sum of 440/. lSs. 11 d.\ was collected, and paid into the Hands of the said Treasurer — And he added, That both the said Sums, making together 1,327/. ns. 1 d. i, have remained in the said Treasurers Hand since their respective Payments, as a separate Fund unappropriated;

and that, by several Acts of Parliament, the said County Stock is heavily charged, and it would tend to the Relief and Improvement of the same, and to the Ease of the Inhabitants of the said Eastern Division, if the said Sum of 1,327/. 11 s. 1 d. £ was paid into, and made Part of, the general Stock of the said Division, subject to be disposed of and applied in the same Manner, and by the same Authority, as the said County Stock in general is subject and liable to.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Tempest reported from the Committee, to whom Borout'lithe Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and i>ridne allj Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Years of the n^te(ie^jini Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for reported, repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition

Petitions for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Petition in favour of Kirkby Kendal Canal Bill.

Bowes and Sunderland Road Bill presented.

Almond and Airdrie Roads Petition reported.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the City of Durham, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of field, in the County of Durham, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford: Andalso,

A Petition of the there undersigned Inhabitants of the Town and Vicinity of Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Whitby',

Were severally presented to the House, and read: Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Borough of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill has been brought into the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, by the Way of Lancaster, to West Houghton, in the County of Lancaster: And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Tempest presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Tw’enty-first and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Stain-drop, to Nezegate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb-Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence, by Melderstone-Gill, otherwise

to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Hope reported from the Committee, to w'hom the Petition of the Right honourable David Stewart, Earl of Buchan, and the Right honourable James Earl of Hopetoun, and the humble Petition of the Honourable Henry Erskine, Dean of the Faculty of Advocates, William Honyman, Esquire, Advocate, Sir John Inglis of Crammond, Baronet, Robert Colt, Esquire, of Auldhame, Mathexo Sandilan Esquire, of Couston,

Landholders and Freeholders in the Counties of Linlithgow, and Lanerk, or one of them, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike' Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the City of Edinburgh to the Bridge over Almond Water (commonly called the New Bridge) near Kirkliston, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlith-gem, were read.

Then several other Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Airdrie, in the County of Lanerk, were also read. And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That it would be highly beneficial to the neighbouring Country, and of great public Utility, if an intermediate Line of Road were to be made between the said New Bridge over Almond Water, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, and the Turnpike Road leading Irom Glasgow to Airdrie, to run by or near the Lands of Broxburn, the Lands, of Houston, and the Lands of Kirton, to the Town of Bathgate, and from thence till the same shall join the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Airdrie, at or near a Place called Langloan.

That it would also be of great public Utility, if a Branch ot Road was to be opened and made from the aforesaid Line of Road, by or through the Lands of Barbachlaw, in a North-East Direction, till the same shall join the Cleugh Turnpike Road, at or near the North-East Corner of the Park Wall of Andrew Gillon, Esquire, of Wallhouse, in doing which it will be necessary that a Bridge should be erected over the Water of Avon, at or near Torphichen

And the said Member further said, That it will likewise be of public Utility, if another Branch of Road was to be made and kept in Repair from the Towns of Airdrie and Coatts, to run Northward by or near East MonklandKirk, till it shall join the Cumber-

nauld Turnpike Road, at or near Condorat, and at or near Bedley.in the County of Lanerk.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgmc, by the Town of Bathgate to Airdrie, in the County of Lanerk, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Two Branches of Road for the said Line of Road, and for building a Bridge over the Water of Avon at Torphichen Mill:

And that Mr. John Hope, Sir James Stewart Denham, and Mr. Hamilton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Bur don presented to the House, according to BishopWear-Order, a Bill for building a Bridge across the River mouthBridjt Wear, lrom the Banks or Shore thereof) in the Parish of Bishop Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, to the sen e ‘ opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk Wearmouth, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir James Stewart Denham reported from the Com- Lanerk and mittee, to whom the Petition of the Persons there- Hamilton unto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Lanerk, was referred; That the Committee had exa- p mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee half examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the

House;

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Dundas M'Queen, Esquire, being examined, said, That the High Roads between the Town of

Lanerk, Head Burgh of the County of Latterk, and the d own of Hamilton, are in bad Repair, inconvenient for Travellers, and dangerous for Carriages; and that it would be of great Advantage to the said Town of Lanerk, to the extensive Manufactures carried on in the Neighbourhood thereof, and to the Country around, if a new Line of Road was made from the said Town to cross Lanerk Bridge, and from thence to the South-West Side of the River of Clyde, to the Town of Hamilton, all in the County of Lanerk; with sufficient Powers for building such Bridges as may be necessary in the Course of the said Hoad.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lanerk to the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanerk: And that Sir James Steuart Denham, Sir Charles Ross, and Mr. William McDoxcall, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir James Steuart Denham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, appointed by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening several Roads leading through the County " of Lanerk and for building a Bridge over the River " Clyde, at or near a Place called The in the said County," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Robert Dundas M'Queen, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which remains due, and cannot he repaid, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged and made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading through the County of Lanerk, and " for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or " near a Place called The Hoxefoord, in the said " County And that Sir James Steuart Denham, Sir Charles Ross, and Mr. William McDouall, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Fydell reported from the Committee, to w hom

the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Estates, and Inhabitants within the Borough and Parish of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with (except that the Person employed to give the Notices had, by Mistake, affixed the Notice Three Times upon the Door of the Parish Church, in the Month of September last, instead of affixing it upon the Door of the Sessions House, and had also caused Notice to be published for Three Sundays in the said Parish in the same Month; and that it is not intended to erect any Turnpike, or take any Toll, for paving the said Streets); and that the Vox,. 47.

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Thirkill being examined, said, That the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Borough and Parish, are not properly paved and cleansed, and are subject to various Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are, in some Parts, narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and some of the public Roads therein are not in good Repair, and the Inhabitants of the Parish are not obliged to perform any Statute Duty thereon — That it would be a great Convenience and Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Parish, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the Streets, and other public Places therein, were properly paved, repaired, cleansed and widened, and rendered sate and commodious, and if all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein were removed and prevented for the future, and the Roads properly amended and repaired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln: And that Air. Fydell and Sir Peter Burrell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

4

Mr. Fydell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port ot Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for affixing and setting down Mooring Posts upon the Banks or High Marshes, within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour of the said Port, and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the Creeks upon the High Marshes, within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour, and for preventing Mischiefs by Eire in the said Haven and Harbour, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Robinson being examined, said, That

since the passing of the said Act, the Trade and Commerce of the said Port are greatly increased, but that no F'ower is thereby given for appointing a Harbour Master of the said Port, for the Purpose of directing and regulating the Mooring and removing of the Ships and other Vessels within the said Haven or Harbour, for Want of which considerable Delay and Damage frequently happen to Ships and other Vessels, and great Inconvenience to the Owners or Masters thereof.

And being further examined, he said, That there are, within the said Haven and Harbour, certain Marshes, Sand Banks, and Shoals of Sand or Mud, which frequently obstruct and prevent Ships, and other Vessels, coming into the said Haven and Harbour, and that no Provision is made by the said Act for removing such Obstructions. — And the Witness added, That the appointing a Harbour Master of the said Port, with sufficient Powers for directing and regulating the Mooring and removing of Ships and Vessels therein, and cutting through, removing, or lessening the said Marshes, Sand Banks, and Shoals, and making some necessary Alterations in the said Act,

7 A will

Poston Harbour Petition reported.

Petition to remove the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of Bond Streets reported.

Peterborough and Thorney Road Bill committed,

Sleaford Navigation Bill committed.

14° Martii. A. 1798.

will be of public Utility, and tend to the more effectual carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending an Act of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Haven and Harbour of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for regulating the Mooring and removing of Ships and other Vessels within the 'said Haven and Harbour, and for removing Obstructions therein; And that Mr. Fydell and Sir John Thorold do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Muilman Trench Ch reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanov Square, in the Liberty

of Westminster, and also the Petition of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of divers Streets adjoining thereto, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Jackson, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Streets are Places of great Trade and Resort, and form the principal Communication between the Parishes of Saint George, Hanover Square, and Saint Mary-lc-Bone — That in the latter Parish great Improvements have been made in Buildings, and it is now the Place of Residence of great Numbers of the Nobility, and other Persons of Rank and Fortune — That the said Streets being barely of sufficient Width for the great Number of Carriages constantly resorting to or passing through the same, is rendered exceedingly incommodious and dangerous by a large Stand of Hackney Coaches being stationed there, whereby Obstructions are occasioned daily, and Accidents frequently happen — That the Powers vested in the Commissioners of Paving are ineffectual for removing the

O > C

Nuisance and Obstructions occasioned by the said Stand of Coaches, and that the Inhabitants applied to the Commissioners of the Hackney Coaches, and to the Magistrates, who refused to act or give any Redress to such Complaints, alleging the y were not empowered by Law so to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for removing the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Westminster: And that Mr. Muilman Trench Chiswell, the Lord Hood, Sir Richard Hill, and Mr. Metcalfe, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Swanspool Bridge, in the City of Peterborough, to the Town of Thorney, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for altering the Course of some Part of the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fydell, Sir Peter Burrell, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from

Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of,

in the County of Lincoln, along the Course of Sleaford Mill Stream, and Kyme Eau, to the River Witham, at or near Chappel Hill, in the same County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation, was read a-Second TimC.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Fydell, See.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Caumc, Clerk Account of to the Company of Afercers of the City of London, Mercer* attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Comp"? Bar, presented to the House, preMU

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens,

" and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the loth of October 1790 to the " JOth of October 1791, directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament by Two Acts, one of the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and " Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London;' and the other of the Fourth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King " George the Third, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. on rtf port of to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of Peter Bowers and (acturer» Company, Henry Isherwood and Company, William Petition*-Gough, Abraham Hall, Birch and , Joseph Knight, ferre<l. John Tootle, John Owen, Joseph Cox, Joseph Rcekes and Sharp, George Britton, John Wheeley and Benjamin Crompton and Son, the principal Paper Hanging Manufacturers of Great Brita'm, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Wine to consider of Licences to be granted to Persons selling Wine to be drunk in their Llouses be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will p ease to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on BlU/or upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of FrIudsbL Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, by Common Brewers, Excise by be now read. Common

And the said Order being read accordingly; Brewer*.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made

r several

c

el

t

flJ

Ir

Off

oat

rtp

ilit

Ol;

lion

i j toi

130,0C

SrRtc Nil Ht; bra

Win

fe

salt

3&Geo. -1II.

14° — 15° Martii

551

several Amendments thereunto 7 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

nr.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill r«»- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, otT" upon for repealing certain Regulations with

exporting respect to Certificates on exporting Tea to Ireland or Ten to America, be now read.

Ireland, he. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Conduct upon for regulating the Conduct of Auctioneers,

of Auc- be now read.

lioneeri. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bill for issuing Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-forReduciion next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of National House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Debt de- Sum of Four hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued ferred. an(j paM to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-Means de- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply de- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-ferred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

[si

gtl

t a ft*

Jovis, 15* die Martii',

Anno 32* Georgii III. U Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

Petitions re- ^I^HE Hour appointed for taking into Consider-specting the A ation the Petition of John Coryton, of the Bo-Right of rough of Fawey, in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, 00*"8 Thoma* Graham, of the same Place, Esquire, Henry Vox. 47.

Hawkins Tremayne, of HelUgan, in the same County,

Clerk, and John Rashleigh, of Penquiie, in the same «m-County, Esquire, Persons who have a Right to choose, iderei nominate, and appoint, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of choosing, nominating, and appointing, such Returning Officer, as the same was determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 7th Day of March 1791; and also, the Petition of Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath, and William Morshead, Esquire, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of choosing, nominating, and appointing, such Returning Officer as aforesaid, being come,

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Thirty-two Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of Philip Stephens, Esquire, was drawn, who, having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Twenty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; One on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Three against whose Election Petitions were depending; Ten as then serving on Select Committees; and Eight on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted to oppose the Right of choosing, nominating, and appointing, such Returning Officer as the same was determined by the former Committee, nominated Charles Yorke, Esquire; and the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted to defend the said Determination, nominated William Henry Lambton, Esquire, to serve on. the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commitiee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Report of to consider of the Report which was made from the fj^PetUion Committee to whom the Petition of His Majesty’s relating to Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the Eastern the Militia. Division of the County of Sussex, met and assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Lewes, in and for the said County of Sussex, the 6th Day of October 1791, was referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Honywood took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir

Sussex Militia Money Bill ordered.

Broad Stairs Harbour Bill presented.

Downham Market Roads Bill presented.

Almond and Airdrie Roads Bill presented.

Brough and Elloughton Road Petition reported.

552 15° MartiL . 1792.

Sir John Honywood reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir John Honyzvoodaccordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbert, Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money, received by him on account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the public Stock of the said Division, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And Sir John Honywood moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbert, Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money, received by him on account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the public Stock of the said Division, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir John Honywood, Colonel Lennox, and Mr. Thomas Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing or re-building the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broad Stairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and for the better preserving the said Harbour, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the said Harbour: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Marlin Broztne Polices presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouzc in Dozrnham Marled to the Queens Head, and from the Chequer Inn, in Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close in the Parish of Barton, and towards Wat Ion to a Place

called The Deed's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk, and for stopping up the Road leading from Stradset, through Barton Layes, towards: And the same

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Hope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Coniines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate, to Airdrie, in the County of La-nerk, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Two Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for building a Bridge over the Water of Avon at Torphichen Mill: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,’ That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Maimcaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act passed in the Eleventh Yrear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Low Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near Brough

" Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the North End of " the Town of Brough, and from thence, through " South Cave, to Coney Clappers in South Newbald " Holmes, in the said Riding," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bill, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Robinson being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *' An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Low Water Mark of the " River Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County " of York, to the North End of the Town of Brough,

" and from thence, through South Cave, to Coney Clappers in South Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding:"

And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Coxhead do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Market Town of Rothbury, and its Vicinage, in the County of

Northumberland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Market Town of Warkzcorth, and its Vicinage, in the County of

Northumberland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Market Town of Wooller, and the Vicinage thereof, in the County of Northumberland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Billcricay, in the County of Essex: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Custompton, Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Minister, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Bradninch, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Elgin, in North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen of the Royal Burgh of Banff, thereunto subscribing: And also,

A Petition of the Reverend the Presbytery of Dunse: And also,

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Presbytery of Dundee: And also,

A Petition of the Presbytery of Inverness: And also,

A Petition of the Presbytery of: And also,

A Petition of the Moderator and Members of the Presbytery of Paisley: And also,

A Petition of the Incorporation of Skinners and Glovers in Glasgow: And also,

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Presbytery of Glasgow: Audalso,

A Petition

Petitions for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Petitions from Cul-lompton* and 'Bradninch, for a Tax ou Dogs.

Day appointed for a*

reading of Nottingham Canal Bill.

Derby Paving, Ac. Bill reported.

3£ Geo. III.

I5a Martii.

553

A Petition of the Trades House of Glasgow;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally; ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Custompton, Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Minister, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bradninch, in the County of Devon;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, having long lamented the prodigious Increase of Dogs as a serious Evil to the Community, as well on Account of the great Consumption they make of many of the Necessaries of Life as the dreadful Calamities they frequently occasion, but more particularly alarmed, at this Time, by some recent and fatal Instances of Canine Madness, beg Leave to join the many Applications made to Parliament for taking the Matter into Consideration, and earnestly hope that a Tax may be laid on Dogs, to be applied in Aid of the Poors Rates, or such other effectual Measures devised as, by lessening the Number of those Animals, will contribute very essentially to the Peace and Safety of His Majesty’s Subjects in general, as well as the Welfare and better Support of the Poor.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described lrom the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Derby, and for selling a certain Piece of Waste Ground, situate within the said Borough, called Nuns Green, towards defraying the Expence of the said Improvements, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and otheis, being Freeholders, Owners or Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, or Burgesses, within the Borough of Derby; and also, the Petition of the several Persons w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Oc-'cupiers of Houses, in the Borough of Derby, and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners or Occupiers of Houses in the Vki-nity of a certain Common, called Nuns Green, in the Borough of Derby, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel on Behalf of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Support of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties entitled to Right of Common on the Green, called Nun's Green, by the Bill intended to be sold, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except about 401 Persons entitled to Right of Common on the said Green, who refused to consent to the Bill, or could Vol. 47.

not be found; and that the whole Number of Persons entitled to Right of Common on the said Green are 2,000, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Edward James Eliot, according to Order, re- Report re. ported from the Committee of the whole House, to ^'"1* whom it was referred to consider of Licences to be ctncf5i granted to Persons selling Wine to be drunk in their Houses, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Persons be restrained from selling Foreign Wines, or British-nmde Wines or Sweets, by Retail, to be drunk in their own Houses, or Places thereto adjoining, except such Persons only to whom a Licence shall have been granted to sell Ale, Beer, and other Liquors, in the same House.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Road from, Saildlcworth or nearly from, Stand Edge, in the Parish of - Ho mis Bill xcorth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to romnuutd. or near Mumps Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestuich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Road leading out of the said intended Road, through or near Dobcross, to or near a Place called Wall Hill, in the said Parish of Saddle-worth, and also another Road leading out of the said first-mentioned Road, at or near a Place called Shaw Hall, to or near a Place called Hollins, all in the said Parish of Saddleuorth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Abraham Balme, of Bradford, in the Mr. Balme's County of York, Esquire, a Creditor upon the Tolls Petition arising from the Turnpike Road between Bradford aRa"'st Leeds and Wakefield, in the County of York, on Behalf of Bond* himself and others, the Creditors upon the said Tolls, Bill, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending respecting the Turnpike Road leading between the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, and the Town of Wakefeld aforesaid, which, if passed into a Law, it is conceived, will deprive the said Road between Bradford and akifield of its proper Tolls, prevent the Means of the Repairs thereof, and diminish the Security of the several Creditors upon the said last mentioned Road: And therefore

7 B praying,

15* Martii.

Buckingham and Han well Road Bill presented.

Committee appointed on Petitions respecting the Right ot' choosing the Returnin'? Officer for Iowey.

Bill for

preventing

Frauds in the

Excise by

Common Brewer*

reported.

A. VT02.

praying, That ho, and the other Creditors upon the in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with said Road, may be heard, by themselves or theii* the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Bill, and that such Relief may be granted as to the then, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the House shall seem meet. Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the House.

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to in the County of York, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Marquis of Tltchfield presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the North Extent of the Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Charles Yorke, Esquire, and William Henry Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Joseph Holden Sti'utt, Esquire, the Earl of ton, Francis Dickins, Esquire, John Esquire,

Maurice Robinson, Esquire, the Honourable John Thomas Tomishend, Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe, Baronet,

James Buller, Esquire, William Lygon, Esquire, Kuan Law, Esquire, Thomas Fydell, Esquire, Colonel Nesbitt Balfour, the Lord Viscount , Charles

Yorke, Esquire, William Henry Lambton, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Coryton, of the Borough of Fowcy, in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, Thomas Graham, of the same Place, Esquire, Henry Hawkins Tremayne, of Helligan, in the same County, Clerk, and John Rashleigh, of Penquite, in the same County, Esquire, Persons who have & Right to choose, nominate, and appoint the Returning Officer of the said Borough; and also, of the Petition of Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath, and William Morshead, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, That they would well and truly try the Merits of the said Petitions, and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk Proceedings had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the on East Indi* Names of all the Members of this House, who had ^*cature delivered in Lists, in pursuance of the Directions of c an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from Bill mapect-the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingCertifi- Bill lor repealing certain Regulations with respect to Certificates on exporting Tea to Ireland Or America, to Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee reported, had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bill for np. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Conductor the Bill for regulating the Conduct of Auctioneers was aucuomui committed, the Amendments which the Committee reported, had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for paving, cleansing, and Bay appoint* watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Pas- f°!LSe‘ sages and Places, within the Borough of in the ^nRip*"in5

County of York, and for removing and preventing paving Bill. Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances within the said Borough, and within the Township of Ripon, in the said County, be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant March.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House, Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °n Public to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament as re- &c.defen»i. lates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, by Common Brewers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report

Resolved, That it appears, that Earl Cornwallis'% Resolution Letter, dated the 7th of July 1789, to the Nizam, was &f* meant to have, and has had, the full Force of a She Treaty executed in due Form. Nizam, and

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- the War io posed, That it appears, froqi Lord Cornwallis's Letter Indla* to the Nizam, Tippoo Sultan had, up to the Date of that

32 Geo. III. 13* Martii. 555

that Letter, viz. the 7th of Job/ *789, given no Provocation to justify a Breach in the then existing peaceable and amicable Understanding between him and the Company;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question ;. viz.

To leave out the Words " from Lord s’*

and insert the Words " that Lord , m his"

instead thereof; after the Words " Nizam" to insert the Words " assigns, amongst the Reasons for not carrying into Execution the Tenth and Eleventh " Articles of the Treaty of 1768 between the Nizam and the Company, First, that"; and at the End of the Question, to add the Words " and Secondly, that, " under those Circumstances, a Negociation between " the British Government and the Nizam, tending to " deprive Tippoo of any Part of his Possessions, unprovoked on his Part, must naturally create Suspi-" cions in his Mind unfavourable to the Reputation " of the Nizam, and the Character of the British " Government in India."

And the Question being put, That the Words " from Lord Cornwallis's" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " that Lord Cornwallis, in his" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " assigns, amongst the Reasons for not carrying into " Execution the Tenth and Eleventh Articles of the " Treaty of 1768 between the Nizam and the Company, First, that" be inserted after the Word u Nizam;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " and Secondly, that, under those Circumstances, a " Negociation between the British Government and " the Nizam, tending to deprive Tippoo of any Part " of his Possessions, unprovoked on his Part, must " naturally create Suspicions in his Mind unfavourable to the Reputation of the Nizam, and the Character of the British Government in " be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That it appears, that Lord Cornwallis, in his Letter to the Nizam, assigns, amongst the Reasons for not carrying into Execution the Tenth and Eleventh Articles of the Treaty of 1768, between the Nizam and the Company, First, that Tippoo Sultan had, up to the Date of that Letter, viz. the 7th of July 1789, given no Provocation to justify a Breach in the then existing peaceable and amicable Understanding between him and the Company; and, Secondly, that, under those Circumstances, a Negociation between the British Government and the Nizam, tending to deprive Tippoo of any Part of his Possessions, unprovoked on his Part, must naturally create Suspicions in his Mind unfavourable to the Reputation of the Nizam, and the Character of the British Government in India.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Negociation between the British Government and the Nizam, tending to deprive Tippoo of any Part of his Possessions, unprovoked on his Part, must naturally create Suspicions in his Mind unfavourable to the Reputation of the Nizam, and the Character of the British Government in India;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Letter of Earl Cornwallis to the Nizam had in View the carrying into full Effect the Treaty of 1768 between the Nizam and the Company, by the Tenth Article of which the Company, were to be put Vot. 47.

into Possession of great Part of the Mysore Dominions, paying a Pescusb to the Nizam, and by the Eleventh Article of which the Company engage to pay regularly, and Annually, the usual Choute to the tas, provided the Marattas guarantee to them the Possession of those Dominions, but the Execution of which Treaty had been unclaimed for upwards of Twenty Years;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Agreement entered into by Earl Cornwallis with the Nizam, to carry into Effect the Tenth and Elev> nth Articles of the Treaty with the Nizam, in the Year 1768, must naturally have convinced Tippoo that it was the Intention of the British Government, the Nizam, and the , to seize

the very first Opportunity of commencing Hostilities against him;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Agreement entered into by Eari Cornwallis with the Nizam," and inserting the Word " declining," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

[Major Maitland, Tellers for the Yeas, j Mr. Michael Angelo

4*.

Tellers for the Noes,

159.

[ Taylor:

/Mr. Neville, l^Mr. John Smyth:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " declining " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

After the Word " was" to insert the Word " not"; to leave out the Words " seize the very first Opportunity of commencing" and insert the Word " commence " instead thereof; and at the End of the Question, to add the Words " unless compelled to do " so by Acts of Aggression on his Part."

And the Question being put, That the Word " not" be inserted after the Word " was It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " seize " the very first Opportunity of commencing " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word commence " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " unless compelled to do so by Acts of Aggression on " his Part" be added at the End of the Question;

It was rtsolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Resolved, That the declining to carry into Effect the Tenth and Eleventh Articles of the Treaty with the Nizam, in the Year 1768, must naturally have convinced Tippoo that it was not the Intention of the British Government, the Nizam, and the Marattas, to commence Hostilities against him, unless compelled to do so by Acts of Aggression on his Part.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears, from the Military Consultations, 12th August 1788, that the Object which the Madras Government had in View, by sending a Mi -litary Force to the Travancore Country, was to have them stationed in the Place from whence they could, with the greatest Ease and Expedition, invade Tippoo's Dominions; v

An Amendmant ms proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof the Words in Case such Operation should be rendered ne-.

cessary

15° Martii. A. 1792

« cessary by the Aggresssion of the latter against " Travancore, which there was, at that Time, strong u Reason to apprehend."

And the Question being proposed. That those Words be there added;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it appears, that the Resources of Bengal, even at the Beginning of the present War, were so exhausted, by various Drains, through a long Series of successive Years, as to be perfectly incompetent to support the Expences of a War, for any Length of Time, without being reduced to the greatest Extremity of Distress, and that, by the Length of the War, that Distress has already taken Place;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears, by the latest Dispatches from Lidia, that the War was then carrying on with a View to diminish the Power and decrease the Territory of Tippoo Sultan v

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, the Words in consequence of his unprovoked Attack on an u Ally of the Company, and that the War had been " conducted with distinguished Ability and Success."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That it appears, by the latest Dispatches from India, that the War was then carrying on with a View to diminish the Power and decrease the Territory of Tippoo Sultan, in consequence of his unprovoked Attack on an Ally of the Company, and that the War had been conducted with distinguished Ability and Success.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Agreement entered into by Earl Cornwalliswith the Nizam, in his Letter of the 7th of July 1789; the establishing an offensive Military Post in the Travancore Country; the seizing the Dominions of the Nabob of Ai'cot, and of the Rajah of Tanjore, in direct Violation of Treaty; and, the carrying on a War in India, with a View to Acquisition and Addition of Territory; are in direct Violation of the wise, moderate, and politic Views established, by the Parliament of Great Britain, as the Rule of Conduct to be observed in the British Settlements in India.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Letters and Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Papers re- Copy of a Letter from the Governor and Council at lative to the Fort Saint George, to the Governor General and War with Council of Bengal, dated the loth June 1788, with un Ordered lts Enclosures, relative to the Conduct of Tippoo Sultan towards the Factory of on the Malabar

Coast.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Earl Cornwallis to Sir Archibald Campbell, dated Calcutta, 30th May 1788, approving of Sir Archibald's Plan of Operations in case of a War, and assuring him of the utmost Support in the Event of a Rupture.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a letter from Sir Archibald Campbell to Earl Cornwallis, dated Fort Saint George, 24th 1788, with its Enclosures, relative to the hostile Intentions of Tippoo Sultan against the Rajah of Travancore, and the Measures proposed to be adopted in ca^ of a War.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Earl Cm'nwallis to Captain.

Kennaway, the Resident at Hdated Calcutta, 3d July 1788, communicating the Commencement of Hostilities by the Rajah of Ckerika on the Company’s Possessions at Tellichery by Order of Tippoo, and the Probability of Tippoo's attacking the Rajah of Travancore.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Mr. Malet, the Resident at Poonah, to Lord Cornwallis, dated 15th June 1788, relative to the Endeavours of Tippoo to secure the Co-operation or Neutrality of the in case of

a Rupture with the English.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the 18th and 19th Paragraphs of the Military Letter from Fort Saint George, dated 30th March 1788, relative to the Apprehensions of the Rajah of Travancore of an Attack from Tippoo; and likewise Copy of the 179th and 180th Paragraphs of the Military Letter of the 8th August 1788, on the same Subject.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Lettmawl the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Warmth to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Tippoo Sul-

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Governor and tan, prestn-Council at Fort Saint George, to the Governor Gene- ted> ral and Council of Bengal, dated the 10th June 1788, with its Enclosures, relative to the Conduct of Tippoo Sultan towards the Factory of Tellicherry, on the Malabar Coast: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Earl Cormvallis to Sir Archibald Campbell, dated Calcutta, 30th May 1788, approving of his Plan of Operations in case of a War, and assuring him of the utmost Support in the Event of a Rupture: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Sir Archibald Campbell to Earl Coj’nwallis, dated Fort Saint George, 24th June 1788, with its Enclosures, relative to the hostile Intentions of Tippoo Sultan against the Rajah of Travancore, and the Measures proposed to be adopted in case of a "War: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Earl Cornwallis to Captain Kennaway, the Resident at Hydrabad, dated Calcutta, 3d July 1788, communicating the Commencement of Hostilities by the Rajah of Chcrika on the Company’s Possessions at Tcllicheny by Order of Tippoo, and the Probability of attacking the

Rajah of Travancore: And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Malet, the Resident at Poonah, to Lord Cornwallis, relative to the Endeavours of Tippoo to secure the Co-operation or Neutrality of the Marattas in case of a Rupture with the English: And also,

N° 6. Copy of the 18th and 19th Paragraphs of the Military Letter from Fort Saint George, dated 30th March 1788, relative to the Apprehensions of the Rajah of Travancore of an Attack from Tippoo; and likewise Copy of the 179th and 180th Paragraphs of the Military Letter of the 8th August 1788, on the same Subject.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill for pre*

The other Order of the Day being read; *ent^8.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Excise

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole with respect

House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Preven- to SoPt*

... t|on M»,ed.

V

32 Gfco. III.

15° — 16° Mariii

557

tion of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Manufacturing of Sope.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near One of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

House to adjourn to Monday.

Bradford Road Bill committed.

Uffington Inclosure Bill committed.

Wood

Enderby Inclosure Bill committed.

Tealby Inclosure Bill presented.

Redmile Inclosure Bill committed.

Waltou on the Woulds Inclosure Bill committed.

rtf-

F.v

1

Veneris, 16° die Mariii;

Anno 32* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1792.

Praters.

J^ESOLVED, That this House wilt, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Bill for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Masons Lane, near the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of to Kingsdmon, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Sir James Tylney Long, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Uffington, in the County of

Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thorold, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Wood, Enderby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Goddard, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tealby, otherwise Treoilby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, w'ithin the Parish of Redmile, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Curzon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Walton on the Woulds, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Curzon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoori, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vo 1. 47.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom Carmuthta the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, ^oad* and others, of the County of Carmart, was referred; That the Committee bad examiaed, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, in respect to the Roads leading from Golden Grove Park; from Cae-Cappel-Issa; from the Cross Road in the Parish of Llarrvihangel Abcrbythych; and from the Cross Inn, in the Parish of Liangathen, (except that the Notices, required to be inserted in the public Newspapers in the Months of August or September, were inserted on the 28th of September, and the 3d and 5th of October; but, with respect to the several other Roads mentioned in the Petition, the said Standing Orders had not been complied with, the Utility of repairing those Roads not having been discovered till it was too late to comply with the said Orders; and it appeared to the Committee, that the principal Inhabitants of the Parishes, through which the said Roads pass, are desirous that the same may be made Turnpike); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Roderick being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the Roads described in the Petition —

That the same are very much out of Repair, and extremely inconvenient, narrow, and founderous — That the River Tony, at Rhyd-y-cappel and in the

Parish of Liangathen, is at Times dangerous, by reason of large Stones and rapid Currents, and often rendered impassable by Floods, so that Travellers and Carriages are often impeded, and cannot conveniently pass or travel along the Roads, or cross the said River at those Places with Safety.

And the Witness added, That it would be of great Benefit, Convenience, and Utility to the Petitioners, and all other Persons residing in or having Occasion to travel on the said Roads, if the same were properly formed, diverted, widened, and made commodious, and proper Bridges built on the River Tcricy, and Ferry Boats established until such Bridges should be completed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of ,to

the Turnpike Road leading from the new Bridge over the River Tony to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandarog, and also the Road from Cae-Cappel-Issa, in the Parish of Liangathen, to the Town of Llanelly, and also the Road from the Cross Road, in the Parish of Llanvihangel Aberbythych, to Paniyllin, Pentregzvenlles, and the Village of Llandibye, and also the Road from a Place called Cross Inn, in the said Parish of Liangathen, to the Turnpike Road leading from Llandibye to Llandarog, all in the County of Carmarthen: And that Mr. Rice, and Mr. Phillips do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Carmarthen, and in Three Newspapers to be printed or circulated in the said County, in the present Month of March, and in the Month of April, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for making Provision in the said Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from the Great Mountain to the Turnpike Road from Llandilo to ,at or

near a Place called Cejengxcilly, and also the Road from a Place called Pedairhed, in the Parish of , to a

7 C Farm-

s'

Liverpool

Church

Petition

reported.

Cheslvn Inclosure Bill presented.

Petitions so» an Abolition of the Slave Trade

558 16® Martii. 1792.

Farm called J Bryn-ddit, in the Parish of Lhmon, and also

the Road from Pedawrhed aforesaid to the Town of

Kidzcelly, and also the Road from the Smith’s Forge near The Star, in the Parish of Pembrh, to a Bridge called Pont Yates, ami also the Road from a certain Point lying between Two Places called and

in the Road from Porthyrhyd to Kidwelly to or near a Place called Tamierdy, in the Parish of,

and also the Road from, or nearly from, a Place called Cue heart Coed jour, in the Parish of Llangendeim, to the Pontantwn Turnpike Road, and also the Road from a Place called Cu m Eynon, in the said Parish, to The Van on the Road from Carmarthen to all in the County of Carmarthen.

Colonel Tarleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Isaac , John Brazen, and

Henry Holt, Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Orred being examined, said. That the Buildings and Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool have of late Years greatly increased, and are still increasing; and it has become necessary that One or more additional Church or Churches should be provided for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Town.

That the Inhabitants have lately purchased, at a great Expence, a Piece of Ground, as and for the Site of a new Church or Chapel, and for a Churchyard or Cemetery thereto, and are, at their own Expence, erecting such Church or Chapel, which they propose to finish and complete, in a proper and commodious Manner, fit for the performing Divine Service therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Church or Chapel within the Parish of Liverpod, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Colonel Tarleton, and Mr. Gascoyne do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, called Cheslyn Common, in the Liberties of Great Saredon, Little Saredon, and Great in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and Inhabitants of the City of Worcester, and Suburbs thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essexand its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and Freemen of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall And also,

A Petition of the Presbytery of met at

Fordyce, in the County of upon the 8th Day

of March, in the present Year 1792, to take into their

Consideration the African Slave Trade: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Portsoy: And also,

A Petition of the Noblemen, Freeholders, Justices of Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, of the County of Banff: And also,

A Petition of Ae Provost, Magistrates, and Town

Council of Montrose: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Newbury, in the County of Berks: And also,

A Petition of the Presbytery of Turriff'; And also,

A Petition of the Reverend the Presbytery of Alford:

And also,

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Councillors of the Burgh of Rutherglen;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Petition from Borough of Brechin, was presented to the House, and ^*^fm0for read; Setting forth. That by certain Laws now in Ministers, Force, the Pastors or Ministers and Lay Persons of the &c. of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland are laid under pe- Episcopal culiar Restrictions in the Exercise of their Religious Worship, and subjected to Penalties and Forfeitures which, at the Time of passing those Laws, w ere judged necessary for the Security of his late Majesty’s Person and Government; and that the Circumstances which gave Occasion to those Penal Statutes do now no longer exist, and the Persons subjected to them have given every Proof of their Loyalty which the Law has put in their Power, and are well known to entertain Principles most friendly to the Constitution and Government of this Country, and tending to promote its Peace and Welfare, of which the Petitioners have Experience in the Conduct of those of the Episcopal Communion within their Jurisdiction: And therefore the Petitioners, moved with Sympathy for a respectable Body of their Fellow Citizens who are deprived of that Toleration which is so freely enjoyed by all other Protestant Dissenters in that Part of the Kingdom, beg Leave to request that the Clemency of the British Legislature may be extended to the Persons above mentioned, and such Relief granted from the Hardships and Restraints which they at present lie under as may seem expedient to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and altering the Borough-Term and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Years j>0aj Bill of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the passed. Second, for repairing the High Road leading from

Bot'oughbridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft , on the

River Tecs, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge, on the River Tecs, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Tempest do carry the Bill to Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

Peebles Roads, &c. Bill presented.

Berwick Roads, &c. Bill committed.

Parish Apprentices Bill ordered.

Cramond Bridge and Queensferry Road Bill committed.

Bank of Scotland Bill presented.

i 1

a

t $t. Pancras

Burial e (Bound, See,

0 Bill commit-

d ted-

e

1

t

0

8 Mr. Booth’s

f Petition re-

e ported.

e

3

I,

s

t

f.

32 Geo. III. 1 6° MartiL559

Mr. Montgomery presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Peebles, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repealing an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads from the Confines of the " County of Berwick, at or near to

" Comptons Lanes and Eymou and from the Town " of Eccles to Ey mouth, and from Muir to

" Comptons Lanes, in the County of ;" and for repairing, widening, and amending several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour, in the said County of Berwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Home, Mr. JVemyss,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices: And that Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Baring, Mr. Clevland, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and " Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twentyfourth Year of the Reign of King the Se-

o # o o

" cond, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of in the County of Linlithgowwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Hope, Mr. Wcmyss, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for shutting up the present Foot Path leading through the Church Yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -tearing, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Joseph Booth, Artist, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fofloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Petitioner said, That he had invented a Machine r Apparatus, and certain cliemical Compositions,' for Vol. 47.

the Purpose of making various Kinds of Woollen Cloths, and similar Articles, for which he hath obtained Patents under the Seal of Great Britain and of Scotland, for the Term of Fourteen Years, with a Proviso to enroll a Specification of his said Invention in the Court of Chancery of Great Britain, and also in the Court of Chancellary of Scotland, within Four Months after the Date of the said respective Letters Patent — That he has accordingly prepared such particular Description, but is informed that if the same be enrolled in the said Courts, there is no Means of preventing Copies from being obtained by Foreigners and others, who will thereby have the Advantage over His Majesty’s Subjects, and be enabled to make use of the said Inventions and Discoveries, to the manifest Injury of your Petitioner, and to the Disadvantage of the Trade of this Kingdom. — And being further examined, he said, That his Reasons for apprehending that the Specification of his Invention will he obtained by Foreigners, and carried Abroad, are, that being a Draughtsman by Profession, he was, in the Year 17S1, employed by Mr. Delius, of Hamburgh, Agent for some Manufacturers on the Continent, to copy certain Drawings of Machinery, which he has since discovered to have been those of Sir Richard Arkwright, for carding and spinning of Cotton, and that he has since heard those Engines have been established in Prussia, and some Parts of Germany.

Mr. James Turner being examined, said, That, owing to the Specification of his Patent having been accessible and liable to be copied, Copies thereof have been obtained and carried Abroad, and the Patent Yellow manufactured in Foreign Parts, to his great Injury; and that he has suffered so much by this and other Infringements of his Patent, that, notwithstanding the acknowledged Merit of his Invention, he has actually been a Loser thereby; in particular, Mr. Authur, a Paper Maker, has obtained a Patent for this Yellow in France, where the Specification is not liable to Inspection. — And the Witness further stated, That Mr. Samuel Brandrum, of London, has, at this Time, Commissions from his Correspondents in the United States of America, to send them Copies of Specifications of Patent Medicines, and other useful Inventions; and that Mr. Magellan, a Portuguese (who is lately dead) was for many Years employed by Foreign States to obtain Information of all new Inventions and Discoveries, and to procure Copies of the Specifications of Inventions, with a View of establishing them Abroad.

Then Mr. Charles Simpson being examined, said, That having, on Tuesday last, applied at the Enrolment Office in Chancery, for a Copy of the Specification of Lord Dundona/d's Invention for the extracting or making Tar from Pit Coal, he has this Morning obtained the same, on paying a Fee of Fifteen Shillings.

William Morland, Esquire, being examined, said, That the House in which he is a Partner pay to Foreigners Money on Letters of Credit given on them, many of which are to Persons sent to inspect the Manufactories and Inventions established in this Country — That such Persons frequently inquire where such are established, and ask for Letters of Recommendation from them to different Residents, who live in those Places where they are set up; and he believes it to be a Matter of great Notoriety that such Practices exist, and, he believes, miteh to the Prejudice of the Manufacturers of this Country.

John Grubb, Esquire, Clerk of the Patents, being then examined, said, That he has been in that Office upwards of Twenty Years; and that, after Specifications are enrolled, Copies thereof may be obtained by any Person whomsoever, 6n applying to the proper Officers at the several Offices of Enrolment, on paying tfoi customary Fees, the Amount of which are

according

560

16° Martii.

A. 17

Montrose Bridge Bill presented.

Ford and Lowick Roads Petitions reported.

according to the length, but seldom exceed Twenty Shillings.

And he produced to your Committee an Office Copy of a Specification obtained by him from the Office of Petty Bag, which Copy contains Drawings of the Invention for which a Patent was granted — That he understands, far the greater Number of Persons who apply for Copies of such Specifications are Foreigners, or employed on the Behalf of Foreigners, with a View to introduce the Inventions into Foreign Countries — That this has been a Subject Matter of great Complaint, and has been looked upon as a great Grievance by the Authors of Inventions invariably, ever since he has been in Office — That, during the last War, a Discovery was made for sheathing of Ships with a Material freed from the Inconveniences which the Mode then in use was subject to, and it was then thought an Object to prevent its being practised by the Countries with whom we were then at War; but the Patentee being restricted in Point of Time for enrolling his Specification, he was precluded from obtaining Redress — That it appears to him, that the only Reasons for the Specification being liable to Inspection, are in order that it may be seen whether the Invention is supportable as a Monopoly in Point of Novelty, and whether the Principle of any new Invention, for which any Person is soliciting, or intending to solicit, may not clash with the Principle of any prior Patent, and further to secure to the Public the free Exercise and Advantage of such Invention, after the Expiration of the Term of Fourteen Years; and he thinks that neither of these Reasons render it necessary to give Copies to any Person; and that if the Specification was delivered in to an Officer appointed for that Purpose, and properly qualified, and no Copies allowed to be taken (except in Cases of Trials at Law, or after the Expiration of the Term granted by the Patent) the existing Inconvenience would be remedied without Prejudice to the Interests of any Individual, or the Public. — And,

Mr. James Chalmers being examined, said, That after the Specifications of Inventions are enrolled in the Chancellary of ScotlandExtracts or Copies thereof may be obtained by any Person who applies for the same, on paying the usual Fees, which are of small Amount.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually securing to Joseph , and to the Public, the Benefit of a certain Invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain: And that Mr. Bernard and Sir James Murray do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. David Scott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar, and for making suitable Approaches

thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cawthorne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, and other Inhabitants, within the Parishes of Ford and and other adjacent Parishes, in the County of thumberland; and also, the Petition of the Duke of Buccleuch, and Lord Delaval, and the humble Petition of several Freeholders, Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of Land and Tenements, within the several Parishes and Chapelries of Ford, Loivick, Kirknewton, Carham, and Bmnkston, in the County of Northumberland, and of Kyloe and Cornhill, in the County of Durham, and other adjacent Parishes in the said Counties, and in North Britain, ware severally referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that no Notices were given for the Application in the second mentioned Petition, it not having been determined to apply for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, until it was too late to give the Notices as required by the said Standing Orders); and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Carr being examined, said. That he knows the Roads extending from Cornhill Bum to Millfield March Bum, and from Lane, west-

ward, towards Howtell, to Ford Bridge, and from thence through Baremoor and Lowick to Hunting-hall Burn, and from Ford Bridge, through Etal, to Duddoe Burn, adjoining to the Berwick Turnpike Road — That, from the great Intercourse and Traffic on the said Roads, and the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, the same are become broken and founderous, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law. — He further said, That it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Public, and to the Neighbourhood, if the said Roads were kept in Repair; for which Purpose, it will be necessary that certain Tolls should be granted; and, in order to render the same effectual, it will be also expedient that the main Road should pass over Ford Bridge, and that several Bye Roads lying contiguous thereto should be shut up.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Carr being further examined, said, That the Roads leading from Flodden Lane to the Borders of Scotland, and from Cornhill Burn to the East End of the Village of Cornhill, and from the West End thereof to Coldstream Bridge, across the River Tweed, and from Lowick to the Eastern Turnpike Boad leading from Bdford to Berwick, at or near Fenwick Wood Head, are narrow, incommodious, and out of Repair; and that it would tend greatly to the Improvement of Agriculture in the Country adjacent to the said Roads, and be beneficial to the Neighbourhood, by opening a Communication with Collieries and Lime Stone Quarries, and be of great Convenience to the Public in general, if the said Roads were properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and improving the Roads leading from Cornhill Burn, by BaUinsburn and Flodden Lane, to Millfield March Burn, and by Foi'd Bridge to Lowick; and also from Ford Bridge, through Etal, to Duddoe Burn, otherwise Homey Bum, adjoining to the Berwick Turnpike Road, and also for shutting up and stopping certain Bye Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Northumberland: And that Mr. Cawthorne and Mr. Grey do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Northumberland, and in Three Newspapers to be printed or circulated in the said County in this present Month of March, and in the Month of April, or in either of them, of the Application to Parliament for making Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from Flodden , by a Farm called The Encampment, to the Borders of Scotland, and also the Road leading from Cornhill Burn to the East End of the Village of Cornhill, and from the West End thereof to Coldstream Bridge, across the

River

Knooke Inclosure Bill reported.

Dunstable and Hockliffe Roads Petition reported.

32 Geo. III. 16° M561

River Txveed, and also the Road leading from Latvick, by Kyloe, to join the Eastern Turnpike Road leading from Belford to Berwick, at or near Fenwick Wood Head.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Knooke, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

o

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution several Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of iiis late Majesty King George tliCvSecond, and in the Twelfth Year of 11 is present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Irom the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King's Anns in Hcclclffe aforesaid, and for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of the Waggon and Horses to the Bull Inn in Dunstable aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; the Meeting, at which it was first proposed to apply to Parliament being held in the Month of February last, and the Meeting, at which it was finally and unanimously determined to apply to Parliament, was not held till the Beginning of the present Month; and that the Road comprised in the said Petition is the great Road leading to Manchester and Liverpool; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Leonard Hampson being examined, said, That a considerable Progress hath been made in putting the said Acts into Execution, and that the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, with the outstanding Debts and Interest, amounts to the Sum of 1,100l. or thereabouts; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

And being further examined, he said, That Part of the said Turnpike Road, at a Place called Puddle Hill, is in a very ruinous and bad State, and so very steep as to render it extremely difficult for Carriages to pass up the same, and that bad Accidents very frequently happen to Passengers going up and down the said Hill; and that it is proposed to divert the Road so as Vol. 47.

to lower the Ascent of the said Hill, and make the same more commodious and safe for the Public, which by the present Acts the Trustees have no Power to do. — And he added, That upon the Average of the last Seven Years the Expenditure of the Trust has exceeded the Income by near loo/. Annually, so that the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without some Increase of the "Foils.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Bedford, and in Three Newspapers to be printed or circulated in the said County, in this present Month of March, and in the Month of April, or in either of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Servants Reading of the Bill to prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters, be now m‘iUedt read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Janies Steuart Denham presented to the House, Lanerk and according to Order, a Bill for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lancrk to the Town of presented. Hamilton, in the County of Lancrk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. JVemyss reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Communication be- Hr.tr" tween the County of Edinburgh and the County of hours Bill Fife, by the Passages or Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, reported, between Leith and Newhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland, in the County of Fife, and for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places more commodious, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which tlvy had directed him to report to the House; and he read die Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lord* Mr. Leeds: " " have ag^ed

Mr. Speaker, 10

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An West Auck-Act for altering, raising, w idening, repairing, and ^wa<* preserving the Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike Road called The Coal Road, near West Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elsdon Turnpike Road at or near Elishaxc, in the County of Northumberland, and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, upon the same; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Avebury in-7 £) ^Ct closure Bill.

562

.16° Martii.

A. 1792.

Stone Poor Bill.

Cherrill and Caine Roads Bill.

Walker’s Nat. Bill.

Doxat’s and Brandt’s Nat. Bill.

Hcntig's and Anderson’s Nat. Bill.

Gourgas’s and borct’s Nat. Bill.

Beckett’s Name Bill.

Collingham Road Bill presented.

Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cherrill, through Cable, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill to the Three Mile Burrough, at the Top of Cherrill Hill, in the County of Wilts, and for more effectually amending the Turnpike Road from Ohitioe Heath, to the Town of Caine; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Richard Walker; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Alphonso Doxat and Charles Frederick Brandt; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John William and Jacob

Anderson; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Mark Gourgas and James Sorct; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Gilbert Tvoice Beckett, Esquire and his Issue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Turner, pursuant to the Will oiMarth Widow,

deceased; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through by, to the City of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the " Term of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and " Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Geoi'ge the Second, for repairing " several Roads leading into the City of so

" far as the same relate to the Roads from the City " of Glasgow to Yokcr Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to " the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and " from the Village of Gorbals to the Chapel of " buslang, in the Counties of Lanerk, and Renfrew," so far as the said Act relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge; and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from The Forth to The Clyde, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William M‘Dowall, Mr Wemyss, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a East Mi* Copy of the Orders transmitted by the Directors of Papers, relathe East India Company to Fort Saint George and -gal, relative to the Assumption of the Government of of TheCaraa-The Carnatic, in the Year 1790. tic, ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Representations made to the Court of Directors, or the Government of Fort Saint George, or to Bengal, by the Nabob of Arcot, on the Subject of the Company’s assuming the Government of The Carnatic, subsequent to those which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Treaty con-Treaty concluded by Sir Archibald Campbell with the eluded with Nabob of Arcot, in February 1787; the Approbation tl*e Nabo1’ transmitted by the Court of Directors of that Treaty; papg^! and, the several Papers relative to it, and to the As- tive thereto, sumption of the Government and Revenues of The &<: &c.iobe Carnatic in the Year 1790 (being Part of the Papers, Prim,(l' which were presented to the House, upon the 17th Day of February in the last Session of Parliament, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Tadcaster and Holmioor Lane Road Bill presented.

Mr. Wilber fore epresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Lane End: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Low "Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near Brough " Ferry, in the Parish of in the East

<l Riding of the County of York, to the North End " of the Town of Brough, and from thence, through " South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald " Holmes, in the said Riding And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Yok^ Bridge A. Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

Road Bill made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His

committed.

Brough and Elloughton Road Bill presented.

Ordered, That Leave be given

to bring in a Bill Middlesex

Justices I ordered.

for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis: And that Mr. Burton,

Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Henry Hobart, and Sir George Howard, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That the Report which was Report; made from the Committee who were appointed to Militia Esti-prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and ate;811(1 Clothing of the Militia for the Year 1792, be refer-red to the said Committee. Mosquito

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Shore having Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty re- bee"gjvfn commends it to the House, to make such Provision for referred!' defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year 1792, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Treasury Minute, dated 16th August 1790, on Memorial of Mr. White, on

Behalf

Indemnity Bill ordered.

Nith River Fishery Bill presented.

Committee on Bill for issuing 400,0001, to the Bank for Reduction of National Debt*

32 Geo. III. 16* Martii.

Behalf of His Majesty’s Subjects who were settled on the Mosquito Shore, praying Compensation for Losses sustained in consequence of that Country having been given up to the Crown of Spain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of First Report of Messrs. Marsh and Spranger, dated 22d November 1790, to the

Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on Losses alleged to have been sustained by Persons removing from the Mosquito Shore, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Second Report of Mesrs. Mai'sh and Spranger, dated 19th May 1791, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on Losses alleged to have been sustained by Persons removing from the Mosquito Shore, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments: and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law', or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing the m' Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Alorning next.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Hill to pro-Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Vl,le for Ap- Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting an uddit7on*iI " certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every sUm to KeQuarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the auctionofNnReduction of the National Debt," and to provide twnal Debt, for the Application of an additional Sum to the Re- con, miUed-duction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, was, according to Order,'read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Proceedings Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- °.n J?8*1 Inflm

j 01 11111 ipjitnrp

jesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Per- Act-sons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lists which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lists were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lists be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the same, and report to the House, upon Monday next, the Names of every Member w hose Name shall appear in Twenty or more of the said Lists.

And they are referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr.

Charles Long, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, Mr. Mr.

Minchin, Mr. Bcaufoy, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Craxtfurd, Mr. Smith, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Cawtliorne, Mr. Glover, Mr. Neville, Mr. Carat', Sir George AugvstusTVilliam Shuckburgh, Sir George Jackson,

Air. Wilberforce, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Air. the Lord Hood, Mr. Pybus; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Miller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating and improving the Salmon Fishery in the River Nith, in the County of Dumfries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now- read.

Vol. 47.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of lbll for jar-the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and v'’ntmS amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of {e-,ngaf" the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Payment of " for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses at- Seamens " tending the Payment of Wages, Prize Aloney, and " ages, &c. " other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Of- e erre< ‘

" ficers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s " Ships;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty's Ships, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next

Ordered,

Bill to amend Act 31 Geo. II.for theEn-couragement of Seamen, deferred.

’Ways and Means deferred.

Bill for presenting Frauds with respect to Sope, deferred.

Sraford

Election

determined.

564 16° — 19°

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen " employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing " a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and " certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling " them more easily and readily to remit the same for " the Support of their Wives and Families, and for " preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Manufacturing of Sope.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Inner, 19" die Anno 320 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1792. Prayers.

IORD Viscount Bay/iam, from the Select Com-s mittee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir Godfrey IV , Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussinformed the House, That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That the Merits of the Petition did in Part depend upon the Right of Election; and that, thereupon, the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended.

That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Sitting Members, John Sargent and Richard Paul drell, Esquires, delivered in a Statement as follows:

" That the Right of Election is in the Bailiff, Jurats, and Freemen, and in the Populacy, according " to the last Determination of the House of 1 oth " bruary 1670, by which Word Populacy are meant " Inhabitants Housekeepers paying Scotland Lot, as " explained by the Resolutions of the House of 15th " December 1761."

That, upon the said Statement, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Town and Port of Seaford.

That the Counsel for the said Petitioners, Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, delivered in a Statement as follows

" The Counsel for the Petitioners state, that the " Right of Election for the Town and Port of Seaford, " according as the same was decided by the last Determination in the House of Commons on the 10th il February 1670-1 is " In th accord-

Martii. . 1792.

" ing to the Interpretation of the Word Populacy, by the Resolution of the said House on the 15th of " December 1761, " In the Inhabitants Housekeepers of " the said Town and Port paying Scotland Lot," and in " such Inhabitants Housekeepers only."

That, upon the said last mentioned Statement, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants Housekeepers of the said Town and Port paying Scotland Lot, and in such Inhabitants Housekeepers only.

That the said Select Committee have also determined,

That John Sargent, Esquire, is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Richard Paul Jodrell, Esquire, is not duly returned a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford:

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That John Tarleton, Esquire, One of the Petitioners, is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said John Tarleton, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Sir Godfrey Webster,

Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said John Sargent and Richard Paul Jodrell, Esquires, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do Seaford Rt. attend this House, forthwith, with the last Return for turn to be the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, amended, and amend the same, by rasing out the Name of Richard Paul Jodrell, Esquire, and inserting the N ame of John Tarleton, Esquire, instead thereof.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Holt, in the County Petit;ons fqr of Norfolk, and its Vicinity: And also, an Abolition

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wy- of the Slam mondham, in the County of Norfolk: And also, Trade'

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Swafham, in the County of Norfolk :And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Bridgwater: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Ilchester, &c.: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Martock, in the County of Somerset: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Castle Cary, in the County of Somerset: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Bruton, in the County of Somerset: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of South Petherlon, in the County of Somerset: And also,

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Wellington, in the County of Somerset:

And also,

A Petition

r. I t . '*»,

J.J'I *

«w

rw.'ifei

arnn mo

v%-

:v

4

I*-

T.r*

' P

32 Geo. Ill*

19° Martii.

565

A Petition of the Portreeve, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of Chard, in the County of Somerset And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Bishop,

in the County of Durham, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Ashton under Lyne: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Salop: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town and Liberty of Wenlock: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder named Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Warrington: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester: And also,

A Petition of such of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Pontefract and Township of Tanshelf in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Tam-worth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Clergy, and other respectable Inhabitants, of Tiverton, in the County of Devon;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

k

Broad Stair* A Bill for repairing or re-building the Pier adjoining Harbour Bill to the Harbour of Broad Stairs, in the Isle of commute . (^ounty of Kent, and for the better preserving

the said Harbour, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the said Harbour, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

wood, the Lord North, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition re- A Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, was delivered in at the Table, and Election for rea^ > Setting forth, That on the 3d Day of March, in Carlisle. the Year 1791, a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of the said John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, and also of another Petition on the Part of, and subscribed by, several other Persons, Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City of Carlisle, reported to the House their final Determination on the Merits of those Petitions, and did at the same Time also report to the House, that it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the said Petitions did, in Part, depend upon the Right of Election for the said City, and that thereupon the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Vox.. 47.

Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended: That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, and also for the said other Petitioners, the Freemen and Citizens of the said City of Carlisle, having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, delivered in a Statement as follows: — " The Counsel for the Petitioners state " the Right of Election to be in the Freemen of the " City of Carlisle, duly admitted and sworn Freemen " of the said City, and deriving their Title to such " Freedom by being Sons of Freemen, or by Service " of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman rcsident, during such Apprenticeship, within the said " City, or by Election of the Mayor and Common " Council of the said City, with the Consent and " Approbation of certain Persons called the Fours,

" otherwise the Fours of the Election of each of the " Eight Guilds or Occupations within the said City,

" as Representatives of the whole Commonalty of the " said City: They also state, that no Person is entitled to be admitted a Freeman of the said City w ho " has not been previously admitted a Brother of One " of the Eight Guilds or Occupations of the said City; " that the Counsel for the Sitting Members, James Clarke Satterthwayte and Edward Knublcy, Esquires, delivered in a Statement as follows: — " The Counsel " for the Sitting Members state the Right of Election

O m c> t

" to be in the Freemen of the City of Carlisle, who " acquire a Title to such Freedom by being Sons of " Freemen, or, by serving an Apprenticeship, during " Seven Years, to a Freeman, or by the Election of the " Mayor, Aldermen, Bailitfs, and Capital Citizens, of " the said City: They also state, that it is not necessary, in order to become a Freeman of the said City,

" to have been previously admitted a Brother of One " of the Eight Guilds or Occupations within the said " City That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee determined, " That the Right of Election,

" as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right " of Election for the City of Carlisle, in the County of " Cumberlandthat, upon the Statement delivered in

by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee determined, " That the Right of Election,

" as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right " of Election for the said City of Carlisle; " that the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them touching the Right of Election for the said City of Carlisle, determined, " That the Right of Election " for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland,

" is in the Freemen of the said City, duly admitted " and sworn Freemen of the said City, having been " previously admitted Brethren of One of the Eight " Guilds or Occupations of the said City, and deriving their Title to such Freedom by being Sons of " Freemen, or by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman resident, during such Apprenticeship, within the said City, and in no others; " and that, on or about the 13th Day of February last, Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Wastell, John Richardson, Robert Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Joseph

Yeaward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Browurigg, presented their Petition to the House, in order to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive in all subsequent Elections of Members of Parliament for the said City, thereby stating the y were not satisfied with the said Resolution, and were desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose such Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Case made and provided, and praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein as

7 E the

566

19° Mar tit.

A. 1792.

the House should think fit; and that the Petitioners in- some Seasons extremely dangerous) and at others im-sist, that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed practicable; and that many Accidents have happened valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, to Persons in crossing the same, and in Favour of which the said Select Committee so That if a Bridge was to be erected across the said reported as aforesaid, is the ancient and true Right of River, between Whitchurch, and Pangbourn, it would Election for the said City of Carlisle :And therefore be of essential Service to the Counties of Berks and praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to de- Oxford in particular, and likewise of public Utility, fend such Right of Election so reported to the House Then,

as aforesaid, according to the Form of the said Sta- Mr. Thomas Smith being examined, confirmed the tute, and that they may have such further and other foregoing Evidence; and added, That Accidents have Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and as the frequently happened, and he has been a Witness to

Nature of their Case may require,

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 12th Day of June next, at the same Time that the Petition of Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Wasted,

John Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Yeoward, Ralph Elliot, ford and Berks respectively, and in Three Newspapers and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle, to be printed or circulated in the said Counties in this is ordered to be taken into Consideration. present Month of and in the Month of April, or

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Bid for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the several Lives having been lost in crossing the said Ferry.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Counties of

shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr.

River Thames from Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Pangbourn, in the County of Bci'ks.

Mr. Dickens presented to the House, according to Aynholnclo-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

to the Returning Officer of the City of Carlisle, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

presented.

Whitchurch

Bridge

Petition

reported.

A Motion being made, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Stinted Pastures, or Parcels of uninclosed

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Grantham Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable CanalBl11 Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the Mr. Vansittartreported from the Committee, to County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near Rat-

whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Aij in the County of And the same was holders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, whose received; and read the First Time.

Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Coun- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, ties of Berks and Oxford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building

Bridges, had not been complied with, the Proprietor Grounds, called Bishopton-High-EUers and of the Estate on the Oxfordshire Side of the River Loxcwithin the Township of Bishopton, other-upon which a Bridge is proposed to be erected not wise Bishopton-Sutton cum Clotherholme, in the Parish having completed his Purchase in Time, nor had any and Liberty of in the County of York, be now

Agreement been made for the Purchase of the Ferry read a Second Time;

until it was too late to give the Notices as required And the House being informed, That Elizabeth by the said Standing Orders; but the Committee AllaWidow, who petitioned this House upon the were assured, that no more Toll is intended to he pth Day of this Instant March, praying to be heard, taken at the Bridge than has usually been paid for by her Counsel, against the said Bill, and which crossing over the said Ferry; and that the Committee Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being had directed him to report the same, as it appeared heard, by her Counsel, upon the Second Reading of to them, to the House; and he read the Report in the said Bill;

his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. *

loweth; viz. combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Vanderstegen, Esquire, being examined, said That Chamber, there is no Communication, except by Ferries over

the River Thames, between the Counties which are Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to TockwitK In-

bounded by the said River, from the Town of Wal- Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure

lingford, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Arable Fields, Ings, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Prestnted‘

Reading, in the said County, which are nearly Seven- Grounds, Within the Township of in the

~..... ' Parish of Billon, in the County of the City of York:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

teen Miles distant from each other by Water, and Sixteen by Land.

That the Ferry which is situated between the Villages of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, and Pang-bourn, in the County of Berks, is nearly central in both these Respects between Wallingford and Reading,

_ Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Monk and much frequented by Passengers with Horses; Cat- Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Frystonln-tie, and Carriages; but that the Passage across the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Commons, closure B'11 Ferry is at all Times attended with great Delay, in and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township prtsente'

of

32 Geo. III.

19° Martii.

567

of Monk Fryston, in the West Riding of the County of of Saint Andrew's Auckland, in the same County, was

The Lords have agreed to

Upton and

York:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Hastings Road Bill.

*or en*arg’ng Term of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Upton, in the Parish of Ratley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post, at the Town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Croscombe and Dinder Inclosure Bill.

Hand Cress

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for building a Bridge across the River Wear, Bishop from the Banks or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bishop " earmonth

Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Br"^e Waste Lands, being Parts of Mendip, Lyatt, and Dinder ~

Hill, within the Parishes of Croscombe and Dinder, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

and Henfield for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of an ltoads Bill. ^ct, ma(]e in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand Cross to Corner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to and from Corner House aforesaid, to the Maypole in the Town of Henfield, in the County of Sussex, and also for keeping in Repair a certain Branch of Road leading from the Direction Post near a certain Place called The Crab Tree, in the Parish of Bceding, otherwise through the Parishes of Nuthurst and Horsham, to the Town of Horsham, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Shore, in the Parish of Monk Wearmouth, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur-don, Mr. Milbanke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Watson presented to the House, ac- St. B«tolj>li cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Inhabitants of Annuitants the Parish of Saint Bololph without , in the

City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a netv Workhouse:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill presented.

The Lords have passed

Larking’* Elizabeth Marcoti his now Wife; and to enable him to Divorce Bill, marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Raybould’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce Bill, dissolve the Marriage of William Raybould with Joan

A Petition of Henry Duke of Kesu was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from against

Duke of Newcastle's Petition

dissolve the Marriage of John Larking, Esquire, with the Crom/ord Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to Nottincliam

~- - - - - or near j0 t|ie r]'own of Nottingham, and to the River Canal Bill.

Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain collateral Cuts, therein described, from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner of a very considerable Estate, situate in the said County of Nottingham, and also in and near the

Carr’s Estate Bilk

ndh Pearsall, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry said Town of Nottingham, and, in case the said intended Canal should take Place, a very great Injury will result therefrom to the Petitioner's said Estates: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Carr’s Estate Bill read.

again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Ralph Carr, Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising the iefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill {from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Ralph Carr, Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Middleton Mr. Burden reported from the Committee, to whom &c Ej?le jon’ the Bill for amending, widening, raising, and keeping Bili reported. *n RePa'r> the Road leading from the Hoodgate, at the West End of the Town of Middleton in in

the County of Durham, to the Town of in the same County, and from Egleston Bridge to the Head of the said Town of E, and from thence to the Collieries or Coal Works called W in the Parish

Vox.. 47.

A Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping Almond o»d in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Airdrie Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of ttoad* Bill Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate, comn"tte to Airdrie, in the County of Lanark, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Two Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for building a Bridge over the Water of Avon at Torphichen Mill, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Hope, Mr. Weviyss, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Petition in and others, the Inhabitants of the Town of Blackburn, °£#n in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are daVctio*]"

thereunto Bill.

568

19° Martii.

A. 1792.

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to Wroxeter, read; Setting forth, That Application has been made to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the several the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and Parishes of , Atcham, , Cund, Eaton "

maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in Constantine, and Upton

Westmorland, to IVsst Houghton, in the County Palatine Magna, and Chapelry of Cressage, in the County of of Lancaster: And praying, That the said Bill may pass Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was re-into a Law. ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the of the said Petition, and had directed him to report

Table.

Petition against Sow-erby and Manchester Navigation Bill.

the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Joseph Loxdale, Esquire, being examined said, That the said Parishes and Chapelry are very extensive, and

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills,

Waters, Manufactories, and other Works upon the River Roach, and the Rivulets and Waters flowing into the same, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the numerous Workmen

which they employ, was presented to the House, and the $Poor within the same are exceedingly numerous, read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the and supported at a great and burthensome Expence by House for making a Navigable Canal from Sowerby, the respective Inhabitants thereof; and that he appre-through Deanhead and Chadderton, to Manchester, or hends, if a proper and convenient House were provided the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Lancaster; for the general Reception of all the Poor within the and that the Petitioners are Owners and Occupiers said Parishes and Chapelry, and proper Persons proof a great Number of Mills, Manufactories, and Works vided for their Government, Regulation, and Employ-of considerable Value and Extent, erected upon the ment, the same would tend not only to the Benefit said River, used in a Variety of Ways, and in dif- and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and ferent Branches of Trade, in which large Numbers Chapelry at large, but also to the more immediate and of People are employed, and those Mills, Manufac- effectual Relief and Comfort of the Poor themselves, tories, and Works, are intimately and inseparably con- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill nected with the Variety of Branches of Trade carried for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor on by the Petitioners, which produce a great Revenue within the several Parishes of Atcham, Wroxeter, Berio Government; and that the Petitioners will sustain Cund, Eaton Constantine, Kenley, Leighton,

an irreparable Injury if any Part of the Water is per- and Upton Magna, and the Chapelry of

mitted to be taken from them, and they are under the Cressage, in the County of Salop: And that Bit Richard Necessity of using all possible Means of collecting and ///// and Major Williams do prepare, and bring in, the preserving the Waters which the said River and the same.

Resources afford, as well as the Rains, and are fre-

qaently in dry Se»°nS, in Want of Supplies of Water; A BiII for ma|d efrectullI ,he Statute Labour in

and that the Petitioners are well assured that the in- n z> r j r i r- ?7r, . i . i r- a i i- , -r, , trie County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion Statute [*

teM Cana from My, through Deanhead and of Labour in certain Cases, and for

Chadderton, to Manchester, upon the Line proposed, ot|,e|.Jise

regulating, making, and repairing High Roads commntei cannot be supplied with W ater from any other Resources *- ., h r ° , 0 .

,i id Ji I., and Bridges in the said County, w'as read a Second

than those the Petitioners now occupy and use, and that Ti°

the making such Canal will unavoidably cut oft' many Th th(, m be to Mr. mtam

Springs and Streams, and take away from the Puli- M, Dtncal, Wr ,y &c. And the are to meet

turners what constitutes a considerable Portion of their ... . n\ i - u o i

tj , ., c er, ., this Afternoon, at live of the Clock, in the Speakers

Property: And therefore praying, That they may be chamber r

heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that they may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near - _ .

Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the Corseand by the Side of the River Clyde, and by West Riding of the County of York, to Manchester, Port GJas§> and, ,the Br'dge and for

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several ore ually making and repairing and altering the Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, be read a Second Course of the ^id Road from Greenock,

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Renfrew Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Roads Bill late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates comm‘tted-to the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock by

Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Debase nn Amendment to Motion

and for making and repairing other Roads connecting the rewith and leading to and from Paisley, in the County of Rerfrew, and the Branches thereof, and for shutting up Bye Roads that are useless to the Public, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William McDmvall, Mr. Wemyss, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Bockingtoii

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Amendment which, upon Thursday last, was proposed to be made to the Motion, the PWar in That it appears, from the Military Consultations, l2th India further August 1788, that the Object which the Madras Go- Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the and Hanwll adjourned, vernment had in View, by sending a Military Force Ninth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Travancore Country, was to have them stationed to repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham to in the Place from whence they could, with the greatest the North Extent of the Parish of Hamvell, in the County Ease and Expedition, invade Tippoo’s Dominions, be of Oxford, was read a Second Time. now read. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis

And the said Order being read accordingly;of Titchfield, Mr. James Grenville, 8cc.: And they are Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the till Thursday Morning next. Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition

Petition from Mr. Shuttleworth against Sowerby and Manchester Navigation hill.

Petition from Mrs. Halsted and others, against D°

Bill.

32 Geo. III. 19° Martii.

569

A Petition of Robert Shuttleworth, of Barton Lodge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner of a very valuable Water Mill, situate in Burnley, in the County of Lancaster, upon the River of West Colder, which Mill is used both in the Woollen Manufactory, and in grinding of Corn, and is worked by the Water of the River West Colder; and that the Petitioner finds a Bill has been brought into the House for making a Canal from or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the County of York, to or near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and several Navigable Branches, amongst others, to or near Coin, Rochdale, and Oldham, all in the County of Lancaster, with convenient Reservoirs and Towing Paths; and that the said Navigable Branch, to or near Coin, cannot be supplied with Water without diverting the Water of the River West Colder, or some considerable Brooks, Streams, and Feedings of Water, which supply that River, and a Diminution of the Water of the said River will occasion frequent, if not a total Stoppage to the said Mill, and thereby render the same of little or no Value to the Petitioner: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that he may be heard against the same.

A Petition of Martha Halsted, of Eaves,

in the Chapelry of Burnley, and County of Lancaster, Spinster, John Hargreaves of Fulledge, in the Chapelry and County aforesaid, Clerk, and Topper of

Burnley, in the said County, Clothier, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, Martha Halsted, is Owner of several valuable Water Mills, situate in Habergham Eaves, upon the Confluence of the Rivers Brown and West Colder, which Mills are employed in the Woollen and Cotton Manufactories, and worked by the Waters of the said Rivers, and the Petitioner, John Hargreaves, is Owner of a considerable Colliery at Fulledge aforesaid, which he now is and has been working for several Years, being enabled so to do by Means of certain Water Engines for draining and raising the Water from the same Colliery, which Engines are worked by the Water of the River of West Colder, and the Petitioner, John Topper, is Owner of a Water Mill in Burnley aforesaid, upon the River of West Colder, which Mill is used both in the Woollen and Cotton Manufactories, and is worked by the Water of the River of West Colder; and that the Petitioners find a Bill has been brought into the House for making a Canal from or near Sowerby Bridge in the County of York, to or near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and several Navigable Branches, amongst others, to or near Coin, Rochdale, and Oldham, all in the County of Lancaster, with convenient Reservoirs and Towing Paths; and that the said Navigable Branch, to or near Coin, cannot be supplied with Water without diverting the Waters of the Rivers Brown and West Colder, or some considerable Brooks and Streams of Water which supply those respective Rivers, and a Diminution of the Water of the said Rivers will occasion a total Stoppage to such of the said Mills and Engines as are upon or worked by the said Rivers respectively: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard against the same.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Hal fax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit. Vol. 47.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon RiponPaving Thursday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Friday '!l1* PV*

i n ii c . 5 , fur0Month*.

next, the Bill for paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Ripon, in the County of and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances within the said Borough, and within the Township of Ripon, in the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Manufac- Petition from turers, and others, of the several Townships of g &r

Bulwell, Arnold, and other Places adjacent thereto, a^aiust’Noi-within the County of Nottingham, whose Names are imgham thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, anil Canal Bill, read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels, from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, by, through, or near the Town of Nottingham, to join and communicate with the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also for making several Navigable Collateral Cuts from, and to communicate with, such intended Canal; and that the Petitioners conceive that if such Canal should be made by the Authority of Parliament, the Operation of it will be to enhance the Price of Coals, not only to the Petitioners, and to the Bleachers and other Manufacturers, and their Neighbours, but to the whole Town and Neighbourhood of Nottingham, to a very considerable Degree, in as much as that the Coals, now' procured by them from the neighbouring Collieries at a reasonable Rate by Land Carriage, will be liable to and in all Probability taken away by Water to Newark', and other distant Markets, by Vessels, who will not only have the Opportunity of selling such Coals at an advanced Price, but reap an Advantage by Back Carriage, and consequently the Petitioners, and the Inhabitants of Nottingham and Neighbourhood thereof, will be obliged to give as much for their Coals as will make it equivalent to the extra Price now obtained for the same at Newark and other Markets, and the Advantage to be derived by Back Carriage, though it may make them somewhat cheaper at Grantham, and other adjacent Places, where no Manufactures exist; and further, that Coals are an Article of great Consequence to the Bleachers, Trimmers, and Dyers, the Price of whose Labour and Business must ultimately fall on the Manufactory of the Tow ns of Nottingham,

Leicester, and Derby, as the principal Bleachers for Manufacturers in those Towns reside at Basford, Bulwell, Arnold, and other neighbouring Villages; and that the Consumption of Coals in Cotton Mills is likewise daily increasing, and there arc several in Nottingham, Basford, Bulwell, Arnold, and their Vicinities, and other Mills are now constructing, and, at present, the Working of them by Steam Engines is, on the Whole, thought to be the cheapest Mode: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Petition from Nottingham, who have thereunto subscribed their certain Inha-Names, was also presented to the House, and read; jj!tants Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the against last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That the Bill, said Town is very large and populous, and consists principally of Framework-knitters, and other useful

7 F Mechanics,

570

19° Martii.

A. 1793.

Mechanics, to whom the Article of Coal, at an easy ants of the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine and cheap Rate, is, and always must be, a very great of Lancaster: And also.

Object; and that the making of such proposed Canal A petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of w.11 be greatly injunons for. as there aro several Col- B io the County of;

lloriOQ or QnAilf I tim iMlIoo I licranna r«nin 7 1 .1 TT 1 j

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

heries at about Two Miles Distance from the said Town, the Inhabitants are at present supplied with Coal by Land Carriage at a more certain and cheap Price than they can possibly be had by Water, and the authorizing of the above Canal must inevitably take that Advantage away from, and ultimately increase the Price of Coals to, them at least Eighteen Pence a Ton: And therefore praying, That the said Pill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham,

Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And praying. That the said may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

_______________ , ... ____ _________________ „ A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Additional

to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, others, Inhabitants of the Towns of Great Bolton and p°vi^ 4c_ and also certain Collateral Cuts therein de- Little Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was scribed from the said intended Canal, be read a presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

Second Time.

DoVvnbam Market Roads Bill committed.

the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a certain Common oi* Waste Ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Great Bolton, in the

Bowes and Sunderland Road Bill committed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East County Palatine of Lancaster, and for setting Part of End of the Bridge across the River Ouze in Dounhamsa*d Commons or Waste Grounds on a perpetual Market to the Queens Head, and from th e Chequer Inn, Annual Qhiet Rent, and for applying such Kents for in Dozcnham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the the Improvement of the said Township of Great Bolton, Two Mile Close in the Parish of Barton, and towards and *n J^'d the Poor Rates thereof, and also, for Watton to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and County of Norfolk, and for stopping up the Road watering the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the leading from Stradset, through Barton Layes, towards sa'd I ownship of Great Bolton, and also within the Watton was read a Second Time. Township oi Little Bolton, both in the Parish of Bolton,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martinin the said County, and for providing Fire Engines Browne Folkes, Mr. Bur don, 8cc. :And they are to and Fire Men- and tov removing and preventing Nui-meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the sances; Encroachments, and Annoyances, in both the Speaker’s Chamber. said Townships; and that, if Power was given by the said Bill for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches

A Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and »"d the Drjve!s "itl, in and for certain Dis-

Powers of Two sevIraF Acts of Parliament, made and lances round ,l,e sa,d To' and al?° £r Prota§ passed in the Twenty-lhst and Twenty-ninth Years of a Pr?PCT and I convenient Home for the Residence of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Uf Constables of Great and Little

for repairing the High Road from the T?wn of Bowes, £llere tlle^n!,«!'t " °‘*"? and transf1 the

in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the Bus.mess «ieir Places, it would be a great Attorn-County of Durham, and from thence, through Stain-,"!odatll",n '° i Inhabitants, and also to the Consta-

drop, io Neu-gale in Bishop Auckland, and from New- bcs and otder P"ce °kfficm ,of 'ha sa,d {°'s '’* gale, along GM-Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from *"" " "°uld te, ld ",uch 'I,e Safety and Benefit of

thence, by Melderslon-Gi/l, otherwise Cowndon-GM, (l.'e ,l,l"bl, an,s of the sa,d " Po'ver ,"as, al"

to the Turnpike Road west Sunderland Bridge, in the Slve" to 'ren’ove T,r,eSulate P, Pea or pu, nnel? P^ County of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts on the °"taldes, of H‘Jusf or Budd,n«3 {ur d,e Cm into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and veyance of Smoke, and also to regulate the Constnio

actually

keeping in Repair, the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Burdon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

tion of Chimnies and Fire Places of Fire and Steam Engines, and other Manufactories and Works within the said Towns, and also to pave and watch the Streets within the said Town of Little Bolton And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Larkings An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act rii w

Divorce Bill to dissolve the Marriage of John Larking, Esquire, Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Pe-i with Elizabeth Matron, his now Wife, and to enable of the Right honourable Edward Earl of Derby,

him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein and the humble Petition of Sir Henry Bridgman, mentioned, was read the First Time. Baronet, John Blackburne, James Lever, and Samuel

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Crook, quires, John Ridgicay, Ann Crompton, Thomas

Ainsworth, Thomas Naylor, and the several other Per-A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and sons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and Neighbourhood of Garstang, in the County Palatine of on Behalf of themselves and the other Owners and Lancaster: And also, Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Hereditaments, within the Towns of Great Bolton and and other Inhabitants of the Town of Chorley, in the Little Bolton, within the Parish of Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are there- County of Lancaster, is referred: And that they do unto subscribed: And also, examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabit- same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Petitions in favour of Kirkby K da J Canal Bill

hi

Tf

Mr.

32 Geo. III. 1 99 Mar H571

Stone and Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Ecclesball the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in RoadPeti- Execution an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the aonrepor j^eign of jj8 present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane and to

the Road between Leek and Sandon, on Meir Heath, and from Meir to , and from thence to

Stableford, in the County of Stafford, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Sparrow being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed 1,200l. on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due — That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and unless the same is further continued, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair — That the Road from a Place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Eceleshall, is in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law. And the Witness added, That it will be expedient to repeal the said Act, and grant other Powers for repairing and amending the said several Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Sandon, on Meir Heath, and from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Sta-bleford, in the County of Stafford, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and for repairing and improving the Road from a Place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Eceleshall, in the said County of Stafford: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition from A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Com-Tewkesbury monalty, and the principal Inhabitants of the Bo-Coombellill rou§*1 °* Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was and Chelten- Presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That ham Canal the Petitioners understand an Application hath been Bill. made for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Na-

vigable Canal from the River Severn, in or near the Parish of The Lye, in the County of aforesaid,

to a Place called Coombe Hill, in the said Parish, and the Petitioners apprehend, that by passing the said Bill into a Law the Trade of the said Borough will be materially injured, and the Public at large receive no Kind of Benefit: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard by Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Foot of Coombe in the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called other-

wise Fletchers Leap, in the Parish of Deerhurst, in the said County, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Vo*.. 47.

Mr. Burton presented to the House, according to Middlesex Order, a Bill for the more effectual Administration of JusncesB.il the Office of a Justice of Peace in such Parts of the P"1*"16'1' County of Middlesex as lie in or near the Metropolis:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Vagabonds, Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Bill King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to ord*red*

" amend, and make more effectual, the Laws relating " to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Rollc,

Mr. Powys, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Baker, Mr.

and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rayboulu'* to dissolve the Marriage of William Raybould, with ^^rce Joannah Pearsall his now Wife, and to enable him to rea ' marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and al.otting in Se- Knooke In-veralty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, closl,'e R»11 Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common- pa ie able Places, in the Parish of Knooke, in the County of Wills, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Kill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Knooke, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills Petition and other Works upon the River Merseywhose Names against are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, employed in the said Mills and other Works, Navigation was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Bill. °

That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending for making a Navigable Canal from Sower by, by Dean-head and Chadilerton, to Manchester; and that the Petitioners are Owners and Occupiers of several Mills and Works of considerable Value erected upon the said River, used in a Variety of Manufactures, which employ great Numbers of People, and the Petitioners are under the Necessity of using all possible Means of preserving the Water which the said River affords, and are frequently short of Water in dry Seasons, and if any Part of it is suffered to be taken from them they will sustain a very great Loss; and that the Petitioners are well assured the said intended Canal from Sowerby, by Deanhead and Chadderton, to Manchester, upon the Line proposed, cannot be supplied with Water, without taking and cutting off many of the Springs and Streams of the Rivers Roach, Irk, and Irwell, which constitute great Part of the said River Mersey, by which Means they will rob the Petitioners of a large Supply of Water, which they now use and cannot spare, and will do them essential Injuries: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as relates to the cutting and making of the said Canal from Deanhead to Manchester, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a

Navigable

572

19° Ma

A. 1792.

Kingston and Sheet-bridge Road

Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or County of and that the Petitioners are

near Smverby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, Owners and Occupiers of a great Number of Mills,

in the West Riding of the County of York, to Man- Manufactories, and Works, of considerable Value and Chester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also Extent, erected upon the said River, used in a Variety ’ of Ways, and in different Branches of Trade, in which large Numbers of People are employed, and those Mills, Manufactories, and Works, are intimately and inseparably connected with the Variety of Branches of Trade carried on by the Petitioners,

several Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, be read a Second Time.

amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road which produce a great Revenue to Government, and

Mr. William Clement Finch reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually

Bill reported ament, ing, widening, and keeping in F

p ' from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the the Petitioners will sustain an irreparable Injury, if County of Surrey, to a Place called Shectbridge, near any Part of the Water is permitted to be taken from

Peter field, in the County of Southampton, was com- them; and that there are upon the said River Irk, and mitted, That the Committee had examined the Al- its Branches, Twenty-two Mills used for grinding legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Corn, and different Manufactories, all of which Mills and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, are worked by the Water of the said River Irk, and its and made several Amendments thereunto, which they Branches, and the Petitioners are under the Necessity had directed him to report to the House; and he read of using all possible Means of collecting and pre-the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

serving

the Waters which the said River and the Resources afford, as well as the Rains, and are frequently, in dry Seasons, in Want of Supplies of Water; and that the Petitioners are well assured, that

the Question severally put thereupon, were, with se- the intended Canal from Soicerby, through Chadderion veral Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bill to provide for Application of

duction of National Debt, deferred.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a an additional Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Sum to Be- upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting " certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every " Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the " Reduction of the National Debt," and to provide for the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

maintaining a Colder Navigation, at or

Nottingham Canal Bill committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal;

And the House being inThat the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the nth Day of this Instant March, and this Day, praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petitions were then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being

to Manchester, upon the Line proposed, cannot be supplied with Water from any other Resources than those the Petitioners now' occupy and use, and that the making such Canal w ill unavoidably cut off many Brooks and Streams, and take away from the Petitioners what constitutes a considerable Portion of their Property: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as relates to the cutting and making of the said Canal from Castleton Moor to Manchester, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and Navigable Canal from the

near Sorrerhy Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax,

in the B est Riding of the County of York, to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported buj ;or from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the issuing Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Four k 400,00010 hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Naional to be by them placed to the Account of the Commis- Debt sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was committed the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Jiis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

kii

heard, by their Counsel, upon the Second Rea ding of the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the said Bill

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Smith, Mr. Cator, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

House.

Ordered, That the Bill,

ingrossed.

with the Amendments, be

Petition against Sower by And Manchester Navigation Bill

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report, — from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Supply was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills, His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had

Waters, Manufactories, and other Works, upon the River Irk, and the Rivulets and Waters flowing into the same, whose Names are unto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the numerous Workmen which they employ, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand a Bill is depending in the for making a Na-

vigable Canal from Sowerby, through Chadderion, to Manchester, or the Neighbourhood thereof, in the

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as foloweth;viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Compensa-That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Two hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to evamtirs make Compensation to certain Persons for Losses the Musg«iw

sustained sbon‘

Address

Money.

American and East Florida Sufferers.

Mr. Cotton, for Allowances to American Sufferers.

Provision for Militia.

Report: East India Judicature.

Supply deferred.

32 Geo. III.

19* — 20°

513

sustained by them on evacuating the Shore,

in consequence of the Convention entered into by His Majesty with the King of Spain, in the Year 1780.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand and Forty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth ten<j,ng pav. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, rnentof S.uAn Act for the further preventing Frauds and mens Wage*, " Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize &c'<*e^err*cl Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service " of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships;" and for further extending the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred Ninety-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment of Interest for Six Months of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1791, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dis-sentions in America, and for making, Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy in America, during the War, or whose Property was seized, used, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there, which will become due on the 5th Day of 1792, together

with the Sum of 61. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1792, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 61. 5s. per Centum of the Principal Sum undischarged, of each Order respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, and the Sum which will be necessary to be issued from the same, on the 5th Day of April 1792. for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Civil Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1792.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the several Lists which had been delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences corn-

commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Billtoamend the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining f0131.?*0' and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first t^C(',’urage_ Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George meat of6 the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encou- Scamm " ragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, dclcri-ed.

" and for establishing a regular Method for the " punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their " Wages, and for enabling them more easily and " readily to remit the same for the Support of their " Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds " and Abuses attending such Payments;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ways and

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the '1,'l,ns <it* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means feneti‘ for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Bill for Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the j'^d's'wiih whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual respect to Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Manufacturing of Sope.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 20* die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Proceedings the Petition of James Fraser, Esquire, complain- onHoniton ing of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Snpe, deferred.

Election

Petition,

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Town

Seaford

Return

amended.

mitted in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; That the Committee had examined

the Lists accordingly; and had directed him to report and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex. to the House the Names of every Member whose Name appeared in Twenty or more of the said Lists: Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Considera-

And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Ninety seven Members only being present, Mr. Speaker tlon01 Hom-delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table. directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for p "tj^tl, in

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con- taking the said Petition into Consideration; and im- deferred.

sideration Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Vo 1. 47.

mediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the Speaker, till the Clock.

House was adjourned by Mr. To morrow Morning, Ten of

7 G

574

21° Marin.

A. 179.

Mereurii, 21* die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIId1 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

of Barham, at The Four Vents j without any Amend-

ment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Cleveland, from the Select Committee who were Right of

appointed to try and determine the Merits of the chowingiie Petition of John Coryton, of the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, Thomas Graham, Fowey deter-

Honiton rpfJE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration oft, ie sat«e Place, Esquire, Henry Hawkins Trmavne, mined.

titioncon^*" Petition of James Fraser, Esquire, com-

siderod. plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Honiton in the County of Devon, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for raising aSura by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

Bill for

raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

American Trade 13 ill.

Bridgnorth Church Bill.

Borough-bridge and Durham Ruud Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and

Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-tuo; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fra* raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Laws, now in force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and belonging to the Parish of Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and for re-building the same, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

of Helligan, in the same County, Clerk, and John Rashleigh, of Penquiie, in the same County, Esquire, Persons who have a Right to choose, nominate, and appoint, the Returning Officer of the said Borough; and also, the Petition of Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath, and William Morshe Esquire, respecting the Right of choosing the Returning Officer for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Persons entitled to elect the Portreeve of the Borough of Fowey are those who are capable of holding that Office, that is, such Prince’s Tenants only as have been duly admitted on the Court Rolls of the Manor of the said Borough, and have done their Fealty, and such Persons only are duly admitted whose Lands, being Freehold, were anciently, and continue to be, held immediately of the Duke of Cornwall as Parcel of his said Manor of the said Borough, and whose Titles to those Lands have been presented at a Court Baron by a sworn Homage or Jury of the Freeholders of the said Manor.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Procerfa One hundred and Seventeen Members being present; onHooim

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked; The Order of the Day, for. taking the said Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Jloniion, in the County of Devon, into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Thirty-five Members, then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel lor the Sitting Member.

And the Name of Sir Charles Gould being i, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House on the 13th Day of this Instant

Election

Petition

Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers and he was excused accordingly,

of Two Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing

Folkestone Road Bill.

the High Road leading from in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Cr<rft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing t/ie said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road from Dover, through Folkestone,

And the Names of Fourteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the sa Names, the Names of Thirty-one other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Six on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Five against whose Election Petitions were depending; Eight as then serving on Select Committees;

m

this

and T welve on Account of having,

O7

Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioner nominated George

to Hythe, at a certain Place called Canta'bury Lam, Graham, Esquire, to serve on said Committee.

within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, to a certain Place in the Parish of Folkestone, called and for making a new Road from nee through a certain Field, called Yaldergates, through Wood, over Swingfield Minnithrough Denton, and

foF repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Direction Post on Bar hem Downs, in the Parish

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Town of Manchester, Biiicom-to or near the Towns of Ashton uLync and Oldham, mined. all

32 Geo. III. 21° Martii. 575

all in the County Palatine of ,be now read a

Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’a Chamber.

Petitions in A. Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, favour of Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Sower by and Town and Neighbourhood of Coin, in the County Pala-Navi'^ation" *ne Lancaster was presented to the House, and BiH.l6a on read > Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Smverby Bridge in the County of York, by way of the Valley of Todmorden, to or near Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the several Parishes of in the said

County of York, and Rochdale, Prestwick

cum Oldham, and Manchester', in the said County of Lancaster, with a Branch therefrom to or near the Town of Coin aforesaid, through the respective Parishes of Rochdale and Halifax aforesaid, and in the County of Lancaster, and other Branches to or near the Towns of Rochdale and Prestwick cum Oldham aforesaid, And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and others, the Inhabitants of the populous Parish of Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, by way of Failsworth, Chaddcrton, Lon er-Place, and Head, all in the said County of Lancaster, to Bridge, in the County of York, through the several Parishes of Halifax, in the said County of York, and Rochdale, Middleton, Prestwick cum Oldham, and Manchester (with Branches therefrom, to or near the Towns of Coin, Rochdale, and Oldham) all in the said County of Lancaster;and that the Petitioners are further in-

formed, that another Bill is also depending in the House for making and maintaining a like Navigable Canal from the Town of Bury, in the said County of Lancaster, to Deyne-Head aforesaid, through the Parish of Bury and the said Parishes of Middleton and Rochdale, in Opposition to the said other Bill: And praying, That the said Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Manchester aforesaid, by way of Failsworth, Chaddcrton, Lower-Place, and Deyne-Head, to Sowerhy Bridge (with its said several Branches)

may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ramsgate Mr. Samuel Long reported from the Committee to Harbour whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners Petition of the Port of London, and to whom the Report

reported. „hjCh, upon the 19th Day of May, in the last Session of

Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire into the Manner in which an Act, made in the Tw enty-recond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of " Ramgale, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Smith, ich," has been carried into Execution, what Rates and Duties have been imposed, and what Sums of Money have been collected by virtue thereof, and to what Purposes such Money lmB been applied, were severally referred; and who were empowered to report their Opinion to the House upon the Matter contained in the said Petition; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read 5 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act; and also, an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to enlarge certain Powers, granted by an Act passed " in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King " George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging " and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for " cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of " Sandwich f were read: Then,

Mr. William Evans, Secretary to the Trustees, produced to your Committee a general Statement of the Receipts and Expenditures of the Trustees for Ramsgate Harbour, from Midsummer 1749 to Midsummer 1791; and also, the several Books of Accounts from which the said general Statement was made up. — And, from the Inspection of the said Statement and Accounts,

It appeared to your Committee, That the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Act of the Twenty-second of the Reign of his late Majesty, have erected the Piers, Docks, and other W7orks described in the Plan annexed to the Report; and did, in the Year 1749, impose the following Rates or Duties, viz. Ton

on Vessels from 20 to 300 Tons — id. per Ton on Vessels of upwards of 300 Tons — and 11 for every Chaldron of Coals and Ton of Stone; which Rates or Duties continued till the Year 17(18: And in that Year the Trustees imposed, in lieu of the former, the following Rates or Duties, viz. 3! per Ton on Vessels from 20 to 300 Tons — 11 d. per Ton on Vessels above 300 Tons — and 1 \d.for every Ton of Stone and Chaldron of Coals; which last mentioned Rates or Duties continued for One Year: And in the Year 1769 the Trustees imposed, in lieu of the former, the following Rates or Duties, v6d. per 'I on on Vessels from 20 to 300 Tons — 2d. per Ton on Vessels above 300 Tons — and 3 d.for every Chaldron of Coals and

Ton of Stone; which last mentioned Rates or Duties continued w ithout Variation from that Time hitherto; and by Means of the said Rates or Duties there hath been collected,

To Midsummer 1701 - -

The Trustees raised by Ann’, to Michaelmas 1768 -

The Amount of Dividends on Money invested in the Public Funds, received by the Trustees from the late Treasurer -The Amount of Dividends, as above, received by the Trustees from the present Treasurers - -

The Trustees have received for Rents, and for Damages done to the Works by Shipping through Neglect -Additional Balance overpaid by Collectors this Year 1791 Two Freight Bills accepted by the Trustees, but not paid, although charged, and the Money issued for Payment -The Deposit of Stephen Heritage, returned by him -

Total Gross Receipts to Midsummer 1791 -

£. s. d.

389,594 12 2 87,521 5 4

8,700 ——

5,600 ——

414 3 10

3 1 8|

70 13 2

200 — ----- -- £. S.

----- ----- ----- 492,103 16

d.

2*

V OL. 47.

The

Ramsgate

Harbour.

21° Martii. 1792.

The Trustees, out of the Monies collected and raised as aforesaid, have expended the following Sums of Money to Midsummer 1791; viz.

In the Works of the Harbour -Paid Annuitants, Officers Salaries, and contingent Expences ——

Poundage, &c. to Collectors -

Loss by bad Debts ——

The Trustees have purchased in the Public Funds, and vested in the Names of Alexander Esquire,

and Arnold Mello, Esquire, 40,000l. 3 per Cent. Consols, and 10,000l. 4 per , which cost

£. s.

231*283 13 7

156,578 8 —

25,216 4

420 17 3i

s.

37,379 10 —

450,878 13 2!

Which leaves a Balance of Cash unfunded

41,225 3 —

Of which Balance, there is Cash in the Bank of,

paid in by the Treasurers, on the 28th of Map 1791 Cash at the Bankers, Messrs. Dorriens, Mello, and C* Cash in the Hands of the Secretary -Arrears of Collectors at Midsummer 1791

26,610 6 11 9,114 19 10

1,300 ——

4,199 16 3

----- ----- ----- -41,225

3 —

To the said General Statement your Committee beg more than sufficient to provide for the growing Pay-Leave to refer the House, for the above Particulars, in ments of the Annuities (the Whole whereof, from the Appendix, N° 1. . advanced Age of the Annuitants, may be expected to

It further appeared to your Committee, That the end in a few Years.) — Then,

Trustees are also possessed of the Lease of a Dwelling Upon Consideration of the whole Matter before House, and other Buildings, in Austin Friars, London, them, your Committee have come to the following used for the Purpose of carrying on the Business re- Resolutions;

lating to the Harbour, which Lease was granted by , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Richard Henry Clarke, and others, to the said Arnold That the Revenue, arising from the Rates and Duties Mello, and others of the Trust, for the Term of Sixty authorized by the said Act to be collected for the en-Years from Lady Hay 1788, at the clear I early Rent larging and maintaining of Ramsgate Harbour, have of 60/.; upon which Premisses the Trustees have ex- exceeded the Expenditure.

pended, in Repairs thereof, in the Years 1788 and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 1789, the Sum of 3,500l. and upwards. — And that the That the said Act, of the Twenty-second Year of the Trustees likewise possess Freehold Property at Rams- Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, is gale, Part whereof is let off, and the Annual Rents materially defective for the Purposes for which the amount to 37/. 1 s. clear, as appears by the Appendix, same was intended.

N° 2. , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

It also appeared to your Committee, That the An- That it is expedient that the said Act of the Twenty-nuities payable to the Annuitants surviving at Mid- second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to-summer 1791 amount in the WTole to the Sum of gether with the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign 943^ 15* as appears by the Appendix, N* 3 of His present Majesty, should be wholly repealed; and

and that the Sums Annually paid in Salaries and Gra- that the several Powers and Provisions thereof, with tuitics to Officers, and others, do amount in the Whole such Amendments, Alterations, and Additions, as may to the Sum of 1,155/. which Salaries and Gratuities, be necessary, should be consolidated into One Act of together with the Employments of Officers, appear in Parliament, the Appendix, N* 4.

It further appeared to your Committee, that the Revenue has exceeded the Expenditure very considerably; and that the Interest on the said Balance of 41,225/. 3s. od. Cash unfunded at Midsummer last, if invested in the Public Funds, would, without the Income arising from the Money already invested, be much

o

r

4>-

Appendix, N# l.

A General Statement of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Trustees for Ramsgate Harbour, from Midsummer 1749 to Midsummer 1791.

1750

1751 175*

1753

1754

*7 55

1756

1757

1758

*759

1760

1761 37 62

1763

1764

1765

1766

1767

The Rates in 1768 were increased, for One Year, to 3%d, 1 id, 1 id, which produced The Trustees, in July 1769, increased the Rates and Duties to the full Extent of the Act, which have been continued ever since; and the Annual Receipts and Disbursements from that Period have been as follows

1770

*77*

1773

*773

*774

*775

1776

*777 H *778 *779

1780

1781 1781

*783

1784

1785

1786

*787

> 1788 -o 1789

i 1790

~ >79*

Total - -

The Grow Amount of (he Duties.

Poundage, &c. to Collectors.

6,395 16 10 j

8,1831

12,353

18,670 1

13,517

13,29*

12,603 -

13,339 1

12,627 ]

*>745 11,156 3 *0,3*9: 9,728 10,253 10,054 10,643 14,150 13,91+

13,223

14,281

14,771

15,159

16,188

15,399

389-59412 2

£. s. d. 239 18 4 386 — a 415 3

341 16 6j 341 17 ioj 321 5 *±

309 13 5i 278 18 4$ 272 17 4jJ 328 4 353 19 333 6 302 6 398 1+

376 8

371 10

414 4 4»7 4

9*

it

3

?f

437 — 7 i

25,216 4 3 i

Paid Annuitants, Sandwich, Salaries, &c.

46

943

1,408

1,680

2,3*7

*,9

3,677

3,265

2,550

*,785

3,139

4,002

4.280

3,967

4,012

4,240

4.075

4,582

s. d. 5 6 19 — 3 7

15 8

19 5

19 9

11 6

*4 7 18 —

6 9 8 —

7 3

*3

*3

*5

4

8

*7

5>58i 6 n

5,623

5,526

5,377

5,5*0

5,072

4,738

4,555

4,845

4,357

5,303

4,144

3,844

3,616

3,*84

3,325

3,108

3,335

3,387

3,333

3,44*

6,416

2,563

9,486

9 8 11 1

11

2

9

*5

10

1

19 9

3 l* *3 5 14 4 l* 3

18 8 10 7 — 8 4

*5

1

7

5

*56,5/8 8 —

Disbursed on the Works.

856

8,387

10,417

8,499

8,931

9,if!3

3,534

934

549

3,194

8,419

10,561

4,678

2,190

2,509

5,259

6,114

9,676

s. d. 16 2

5 5 f 4

1 11

10

*3

3

10

*7

5

5

7 —

8 6

1 8

*6 9

*5 9 11 2

*3 3

9,57* *7 *0

6,976

9*5

6,971

6,657

5,192

2,827

6

9

7

16

*7

6

5 11

6 5 4

*,960 *5 *0

2.535 ——

3,188 19

5,192 2

5,066 8

3,734 4 2,624 19

2.535 7

3,468 4,4*5 5,624 4,206 5,093

6,587 *1,5*9 — n,274 *5 9,944 9

6

7

6

4

5

6

1

5

1

10

1

10

10

8 8

Total

Disbursements.

231,28313 7 j

9°3

9,331

11,825

10,179

11,249

12,085

7,211

+,200

3,100

5,979

h,558

14.563

8,959

6,166

6,522

9,500

10,189

14,259

s. d.

1 8

4 5 h

4 1* *7 7

9 6

5 5 14 8

5 2

*5

11

13

*4

6

7

7

3

1 10 14 10 11 10

~ 4

19 6 10 4

15,153 4 9

*2,599

6,452

11,648

12,167

10,264

7,566

6,516

7,38o

7,545

*0,495

9,2*0

7,578

6,241

5,720

6,794

7,524

8,960

7,594

8,426

10,029

*7,935

13,838

*2,430

16 2 — 6 *9 8

*9

9

12

6 —

7 *9 *

5 *1

8 6

16 6

3 4

— 11

5

— 8

6 9

7 5 *9 9 14 2

1 11

2 10 14 10

387,862 1 7}

The Gross Amounts of the Duties to Midsummer 1791 The Trustees raised by Annuities to Michaelmas 1768 The Amount of Dividends received by the Trustees from the late Treasurer -

The Amount of Dividends received by the Trustees from the present Treasurers ——

The Trustees have received for Rents; and Damages done to the Works by Shipping, through Neglect - -

Balance due to Collectors, carried to next Account - 9 3 5 j| Balance due to Collectors, brought from former Account

(that is 1790) - 6 1 <

Additional Balance overpaid by Collectors this Year 1791, 3 1 8f|

Two Freight Bills, accepted by the Trustees, but not paid, although charged, and the Money issued for payment -The Deposit of Stephen Heritage, returned by him, and paid into the Hands of the Secretary, which makes in the whole, in his Hands, the Secretary’s, 1,300l. ....

Total Dr -

- £.

£. ' d.

389,594 *

87,521 5 4

8,700 ——

5,600 ——

4*4 3 *0

491,83° 4

3 Sj

491,833 3 — 70 13 2

200 ——

492,103 16 2f

The Disbursements to Midsummer 1791 are as follow; viz.

Disbursed in the Works at the Harbour -

Paid Annuitants, Sandwich Haven Officers Salaries, kc.

Poundage, &c. to Collectors ——

Loss by bad Debts ——

The Trustees have purchased in the Public Funds 40,000l. 3 per Cent. Consols. — and 10,000 /. 4 per Cents, which cost

£. s. d.

26,610 6 11 6,4*5 *9 *° 2,699 ——

1,300 ——

4,199 *6 3

£.41,225 3 —

Which leaves a Balance of - - -Total Cf - -Particulars of the above Balance:

£. * & 231,283 13 7t 156,578 8 — 25,216 4 3* 420 17 3 i

37*379 *° "

450,87813 »i 41,3*5 3 —

493,103 *6 a I

in the Bank of England.

at Messrs. Dorriens, Mello, Martin, and Harrison, Bankers, paid by the Treasurer, the 9th November 1791, into the Hands of the said Bankers, in the Hands of the Secretary.

Collectors Arrears at Midsummer 1791.

Austin Friars, February 23d, 1792.

Signed, by Order of the Trustees

for the Harbour of Ramsgate,

Evans, Sec*.

OO

to

o

w

o

to

-4

c- *

ft

-A

-A

Ramsgate

Harbour.

21° Martii.

A. 1792.

Appendix, N* 2.

The Freehold Property at Ramsgate.

Lease of the Coffeehouse, &c. to Stephen Heritage

of the Storehouse, - to D*, and Wm Evans of a Shop to JVm Evans -

Demise of a Shed to Tho‘ Brookes -D* D* to Austen -

D* - of a Boathouse to Commissioners of Customs

f* s . d.

- clear 20

clear 15

D* 1 10 —

D* — 5 —

D* — 5 —

D°

f. 37 1 —

Appendix, N* 3.

A List of Annuitants charged on the Rates and Duties of Ramsgate Harbour, living on the

24th June 1791.

Date and Age when Purchased. Years. Annuitants Names. Present Age of Annul*. Consideration. Annuities.

Years. £. s. d. £. s. d.

1750. 21st December 45 Susannah Marshall - - 87 500 — — 35

1754. 20th December 39 John Crelleis - - 77 100 6

50 George Russell - - - 88 800 56

175.5. 26th September 32 Charlotte Cramcell m 69 300 19 10 —

1758. 2 2d December 48 Richard Lloyd - - 82 650 50

51 Jean Angelique Bertcaud - - 85 600 48

44 Benigne Marie de Buisse m 78 500 37 10 —

1759- 21st December 51 Anna Maria Moore - - 84 1,032 5 2 80

48 Henry Bingley - - m 81 1,050 80

1760. 26th September 35 Sarah Pointing - - - 67 200 — — 14

1761. 8th May 45 Frances Bea^han - - 76 500 37 10 —

24th September 45 D" - - 76 400 30

1763. 15th December 54 Mary Tindall . 83 260 20

1760. 18th September 42 Lucy Tindall - - 68 300 20

40 Eliz. Tindall - - 66 300 20

1767. 18th June 55 Sarah Smith - 80 600 45

53 Henry South by - - - 78 575 40 5 "

48 Mary Lucas - - 73 250 17 10 —

34 Mary Harmage - m 59 100 — — 6 5-

24th September 45 John Beazelcy - - - 70 500 37 10 -

28 Mary Macartney - - 53 100 6 5-

48 Ann Siddall - - 73 1,000 72 10 —

17th December 38 Mary Ringrose A - 63 200 14

45 Robert Waimcright - - 70 500 35

37 Frances Pynyott - - 62 700 — — 45 10 —

1768. 16th June 41 Eliz. Forster - - 65 150 10

39 Ann Forster A 63 150 — — 10

22d September 39 Mary Ringrose - - - 63 100 8

63 Susannah Marshall m - 87 500 42 10 —

2,126 £. 943 15 -

Appendix, N* 4.

Officers employed under the Trustees of Ramsgate

Wn Eva/is, Secretary -

Tho* Evans, Clerk ——

Allowance to Housekeeper -

John Smeaton, Engineer -

Sam! Patman, Storekeeper -

Henry Cull, Mason -

George Strivens, Harbour Master -

Stephen Heritage ——

Christian Nation, Messenger -Allowance to Edward Hurst, late Mason

D* - - 1Vm Curling, late Harbour Master -

£. s. d.

350

150

- 50

- 250

- 100

- 100

- 25

20

- 40

- 40

30

£. i,i55

The

32 Geo. III. 21°

579

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-I upon, agreed to by the House.

Ramsgate Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Harbour Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-second or creo. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and main*

taining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleans-t€ ing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwickand also, an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge certain Powers granted by an Act,

" passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for " enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of " gate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving " the Haven of Sandwi; and for making other Provisions for the Maintenance and Improvement of the said Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich: And that Mr. Samuel Long, Mr. Alderman Curtis, and Mr. Burdon, do prepare and bring in, the same.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

agaiustBroad thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Land, Farm-Uour ers> Landholders, and Occupiers of Tythes, in the several Parishes of Saint Peter, Saint John, and Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing or re-building the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broad Stairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and for the better preserving the said Harbour, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the said Harbour; and Setting forth, That, should such Bill pass into a Law as it now stands, it will greatly injure the Petitioners, by taking from them their ancient and immemorial Rights, long enjoyed, in the taking and carrying away, from out of the said Harbour, Sand, Soil, Sea Weed, and other Manure, for the Improvement of their Land, together with Flints and Stones for the Purpose of Building, and Beach and Gravel for mending the Highways: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now stands, and that they may be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect the Petitioners in such Exercise of their ancient Rights.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Chunsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petitions for A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and *f thu°Slave ^ighbourhood of East in the County of Com-Trade. 'wall-, whose Names are thereto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Penzance: And also,

A Petition of the Parishioners of the Parish of Gwiniar, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Just in Penwiih, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Persons interested in the Manufactory of Earthern Ware in Staffordshire: And also,

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Pembroke, convened Vo i.. 47.

at the Guild Hall Haverfordwest, on the 13th Day of March 1792: And also,

A Petition of the Gentry, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of berth, in the County of Pembroke: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the ancient Borough and Town of Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and of the Inhabitants of the Neighbouring Maritime and Market Town of Fishguard, in the same County: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Kilgerran, in the County of Pembroke: And also,

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Lord Lieutenant, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Her ford: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of and

its Neighbourhood, in the County of Durham: And also,

A Petition of the Freeholders, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Inhabitants of the Town of Aldstone, in Cumberland, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Bcaminster, and its Vicinity, in the County of Dorset: And also,

A Petition of the Clergymen, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Sturmimter Nezclon Castle, in the County of Dorset: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council, and the Incorporated Trades of the Town of Paisley, and of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and its Suburbs: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Kidderminster, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, and Inhabitants in Tenbury, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunder signed: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder written Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of in

the West Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Town and Neigh bourhood of in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town Corporate of Scarborough, in the County of York, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Town of Howden, and of Howdenshire, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Sedbergh, in the West Riding of the County of York And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Doncaster: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Township of Ripon, in the County of York, and the Neigh bourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,. Freeholders, and Inhabitants of Bridlington and the Neighbourhood, in the East Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Selby, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Bradford, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Borough and Neighbourhood of Cockermouth: And also,

A Petition of the Electors of the Borough, and Inhabitants of the Parish of, Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset: And also,

A Petition of the Six Incorporations of Hammermen, Glovers, Bakers, Shoemakers, Weavers, and

Taylors,

580 21° MaA. 1722.

Taylors, of the Royal City of , in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Presbytery of Kirkcudbright: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates of the Royal Burgh of Inverurie, in North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the Reverend Presbytery of Stranraer, County of Wigton, North BritainAnd also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Col-tnonell, in the County of Ayr. North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the Presbytery of Strathbogie: And also,

A Petition of the Provost Magistrates, and Town Council, the Minister and principal Inhabitants of the Burgh of Jedburgh;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Day appoint- Ordered, That the Bill for vesting in Jonathan *d for Second bloucr, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the ^Mlorn^ so*e ^se an^ Property certain Machines or Engines blower’s^ Bill. for raising Water and other Liquids, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, described therein, for a limited Time, be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant March.

Correspond- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co-

ence relative jes cj- Correspondence between the Ordnance, to bringing r., . , T 1 r, 1 , ~

Water into Admiralty, and Navy Boards, since the Beginning 01

Plymouth the Year 1789, relative to Mr. Warrens Proposal of

Dock or- bringing Water into P Dock; together with a

dered. Copy of such Proposal.

Brough and A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Hn°d^Bi^n ^Ct> I)nsset* *n the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His committed. present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from the Low Water Mark " of the River Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the " Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the " County of York, to the North End of the Town of " Brough, and from thence through South Cave, to " Coney Clappers in South Holmes, in the said

‘ Riding;" was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tearing, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Turner’s Sir George Jackson reported from the Committee, to Bill reported, whom the Bill for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour, of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Bencick upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Langport and Ordered, That Sir John Trevelyan do make the Re-

Somerton, port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continu-Bili reported. an(* amending Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of Fivehead, through the Towns of Langport and Somerton to Butxvell, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Soand for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads from Castle-cary to Sparlford, and from the Cross Roads at hampton to the Sherborne Turnpike Road leading to Wincanton, and from the Cross Roads in Langport Eastover to the Martock Turnpike Road in the Parish of Longsutton, and from the Direction Post on the said Martock Turnpike Road to the Turnpike

Road in the Parish of Kingsdon, and from Marshall's Elm, in the Parish of Street, to the Somerton Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Kingweston, in the said County, was committed.

Sir John Trevelyan accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Air. Bramston reported from the Committee, to Camo whom the Bill for more effectually embanking, drain- ,8, and frying, and otherwise improving the Island of Cantey, in the County of Essex, was re-committed; That the commit Committee had made several other Amendments to Bill rtprai the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for more effectually preserving certain Lands Norfolk ail and Grounds, within the Counties of Norfolk and Suf- Em' folk, from Injury or Damage by the Sea, was read a Second Time. mined.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the speedy Recovery of many " Thousand Acres of Marsh Ground, and other " Ground, within the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk,

" lately surrounded by the Rage of the Sea in divers " Parts of the said Counties, and for the Prevention " of the Danger of the like surrounding hereafter," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for repealing the said Act.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Tadcwter Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year "dHobmooi of the Reign of his late Majesty King GW the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His pnued. present Majesty, to repair the Road leading from caster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

W

ton

Pet

rijn

32 Geo. III.

21° Martii.

581

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Duncombe,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

.ollmgham (load Bill committed.

Experience he then had, is convinced, that the great Rise of the Rates in the Town has proceeded from the Defects and Omissions in the Act for uniting the Parishes.

Mr. Joseph Bernard being examined, said, That he has lived in the Town of Southampton a great Number of Years, and that the Rates of the said Town are

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road now double what they were before the Union of the from Collingham, through JVetherby, to the City of Parishes, which he imputes to the Defects and Omis-York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Duncombe, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Colton Inclosure Bill reported.

IVi

sions in the said Act.

And both the Witnesses gave it as their Opinion, That if the said Act was repealed, and other Powers and Authorities given for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for the better Application of the Money to be collected for their Relief, it would be of great Advantage to the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Poor of the United Parishes within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And that Mr. Amyatt and Sir Henry Martin do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Ryder, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Thomas Fletcher and Clement,

Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of under Lyne, in the County

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of of Stafford, informed the House,

the Committee (except the Owners of Lands to the That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That Amount of 14/. a Year, or thereabouts, who refused the Merits of the Petition did in Part depend upon to give their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole the Right of Election; and that, thereupon, the said of the Lands, entitled to Right of Common on the Committee required the Counsel for the several Par-Lands intended to be inclosed, amount to 200l. a Year, ties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Com- which they respectively contended, mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Amendments thereunto, which they had directed said Petitioners, Thomas Fletcher and Clement Kyn-

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing, and leasing or letting, certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Colton, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor’s Rate in the said Parish, and for making Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

ilb

na-

ff!

it&SS

le:2 left >far dise

M*

ev$

rei*

1(5

m'-1

2v

p's'-% 1 r# ja

Southampton Poor Petition reported.

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to tho House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better " regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways, " within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton," was read: And,

nersley, Esquires, delivered in a Statement as follow s:

" The Counsel for the Petitioners state the Right " of Election to be in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses or Freemen, whose Place of Residence, at the " Time of their giving their Votes, is in the said Borough, or who, at such Time, have no Place of " Residence elsewhere, and who have never been absent from the Borough for the Space of a Year and " a Day, without Interruption, since they were admitted to the Freedom tiiereof, or whose Families (if " they are Masters of Families) have not been absent " for the Space of Time aforesaid, without Interruption, after the Time of the Admission of such Burgesses or Freemen, having Families, to the Freedom " of the said Borough."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, Sir Archibald Macdonald, Knight, and the Honourable John Lcveson Gower, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Right of Election is in Freemen residing in the Borough of and not receiving Alms

" or Church Bread.

" Persons living a Year and a Day out of the Borough lose their Freedom. "

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Coun-Newsham Peers, Esquire, being examined, said, That sel for the said Petitioners, the said Select Committee he has lived in the Town of Southampton near Thirty have determined,

Years, and been rated in Two of the United Parishes both That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said

before and since their Union — That before the Union Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said

of the Parishes a Sixpenny Rate in general, and some- Borough of Newcastle under Lyne. times less, used to suffice for the Maintenance of the That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Coun-Poor; but since the Union the Rates have gradually sel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee increased to the Amount even of Fifteen Pence in have determined,

the Pound, collected Quarterly, which is equal to a That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said

Five Shilling Yearly Rate — That, from the numerous Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said

Buildings which of late Years have been erected in Borough of Newcastle under Lyne. the said Town, and the prodigious Rise of the Rents, That the said Select Committee, having duly consi-the Rates, instead of having increased, ought to have dered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced proportionably decreased — That he has been a Guar- before them, touching the Right of Election, have dian of the Poor Twice since the Union, and, from the determined,

Vol. 47. 7 I Tlia

Newcastle under Lyne Election determined.

n>*snw *_____

21° Martiu

Petition against Sow-erby and Manchester Navigation Bill.

A. 1792.

That the Right of Election is in Freemen residing in the said Borough of Newcastle under:

That the said Select Committee have also determined,

That Sir Archibald Ma, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Honourable John Lcceson Gower is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Netccas under Lyne: And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of Thomas Fletcher and Clement Kynncrsley, Esquires, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Sir Archibald donald, Knight, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Honourable John LevesonGower to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Mills, situate on the Rivers Colder and in the

West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Manchesteby , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Todmorden, and from thence to Soxcerby Bridge Wharf, in the said County of

York, and the Petitioners conceive, that the passing such Bill into a Law would not only be very prejudicial to the Estates and Interest of the Petitioners, but also to the Woollen Manufactory of that Part of the West Riding of the County oiYork; and that there are at present on the said Rivers upwards of Thirty Mills, within the Distance of less than Forty Miles, for the Milling of Woollen Cloths, scribbling and spinning of Wool and Cotton, and grinding of Corn, which produce to the Proprietors upwards of 10,000l. per Annum, and those Mills, in Times of Drought, experience considerable Loss for want of Water, many of them at those Times are not able to work more than Twelve or Fourteen Hours in the Day, and, should a Diminution of Water, sufficient to supply a Canal, take place, the Petitioners apprehend many of those Mills will be nearly rendered useless in the Summer Months, and the Manufacturers be obliged (as has been the Case within Four or Five Years) to carry their Cloths to distant Mills, on other Rivers, to be milled; and that the Trade and Manufactories of that Part of the Country have of late Years greatly increased, and there is Reason to hope are in a State of progressive Increase; that the Rivers Colder and Hepton, in their present State, are not equal to the Powers wanted by the several Mills situate thereon, and if a Diminution of Water in those Rivers take place, those Mills must inevitably be very materially injured, as well as the Trade and Manufactures of that Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as affects the said Rivers Colder and

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Svwerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in

the West Riding of the County of York, to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu- Petition facturers, and Traders in Cloth and other Woollen a*ffns\s<w‘ and Cotton Goods, in and near Halifax, in the West Mancha Riding of the County of York, whose Names are Navigation thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Bill, read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester, by Rochdale and Todmorden, to Sawerby Bridge Wharf, near Halifax, and the passing such Bill into a Law would, as the Petitioners conceive, be highly injurious to the Trade of the Country, particularly to the Woollen Manufacture within the Parish of Halifax, for that upon the River Colder (wherewith the Canal is intended to be made parallel for Twenty Miles or thereabouts) and a Rivulet called j Beck, the most material Feeder thereof, there are upwards of Thirty Mills, chiefly used in Fulling and Milling Cloths, and other Woollen Goods, and in scribbling, spinning, and manufacturing Wool and Cotton, which Mills, from the great Increase of Trade, are constantly fully employed, and in Times of Drought and Scarcity of Water are not in their present State capable of dispatching in due Time the Business allotted to them; and that the intended Canal must, of necessity, deprive those Mills of the greatest Part of their Water, and render them useless, or nearly so, to the Trade of the Country, consequently would materially injure, if not totally ruin, the Woollen and Cotton Manufacture, through a large populous District, gradually and of late Years very rapidly increasing in Commerce by Means of the Mills, which, as the Petitioners conceive, are essentially requisite to its Support and Continuance:

And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, or so much thereof as is likely to affect the said Mills, and the Trade of the Country wherein they are situate.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, be read a Second 'lime; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ch'dered, That Sir Charles Gould be added to the Member Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring added to in, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near, Pont- Newport newynydd, into the River Usi ie, at or near die Town Canal Bill,

of Nexcport, and a Navigable Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Navigable Cuts or Canals to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock.

Sir Charles Gould presented to die House, accord- Trevethin ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a and Newport Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from, some Place near, Fontnexcynydd, into the River Uske, at or near 1 the Town of Newport, and a Navigable Cut or Canal from the same, at or hear a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near to, Crumlin all in the County

32 Geo. III. 21° Martii.

583

Honiton

Election

Committee

appointed.

Y

15 Additional

g Petition to

March Inclosure reported.

>; i IA

ofr

Itt-

be£

ieis

1.33

si a

S£B

Efc

j as-

h

y,;

out

ft."

I jfc

if1-5

Itis51

fas*

r$

i*

0$

County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Navigable Cuts or Canals to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel hi his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, and George , Esquire, being

added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

The Honourable Edward James , Sir William Lemon, Baronet, John Foacnes Luttrell, Esquire, Richard Muilman Trench Chisuell, Esquire, Robert Mackreth, Esquire, Nathaniel Brassey Halhed, Esquire, Charles Long, Esquire, Charles Small , Esquire, Sir John

Honywood, Baronet, Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, Richard Johnson, Esquire, the Honourable Henry Hobart, John Harcourt, Esquire, Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, George Graham, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of James Fraser, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Messuages, Houses, Cottages, and Tofts, having Right of Common upon the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Hamlet of March, in the Parish of Doddin the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage, had not been complied with, it not being known, till after Notices had been given of the Intention to apply to Parliament for a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Wraste Grounds in the Hamlet of March, that it would be necessary to make some Alterations in the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimbling ton, and in the Parish of Upzvell, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, the Powers of which Act extend over the said Commons and Waste Lands in the said Hamlet of March: And it appeared that by the said Act it was enacted, that the Owners of Property, entitled to a certain Number of Common Rights on the Commonable Lands thereby intended to be drained, should be Commissioners for executing the said Act, and the Commons to be inclosed by the said Bill are Part of the said Commonable Lands, and it will therefore be necessary to alter so much of the said Act as relates to the Description of Persons who shall be Commissioners, as the Common Rights will be extinguished, and certain Allotments of Land made in lieu thereof; and that the other Alterations necessary to be made, in consequence of the intended Division and Inclosure, in the said Drainage Act, will not be such as to affect the General Powers of the said Act, or to affect or prejudice the Works of Drainage carried on under the Authority thereof, nor will the Division and Inclosure diminish the Taxes payable under the said Vol. 47.

Act for the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Thiily-second Year of King George the Second, was read: And,

Mr. William Waudby being examined, said. That, pursuant to the Provisions contained in the said Act, and in consequence of the Bill now depending for the Division and Inclosure aforesaid, it xvill be necessary to alter and amend the said Act, so far as relates to the said Hamlet of March.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Trustees and Guardians of Sir Henry Peyton, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Doddington, with the Members in the Isle of

Ely and County of Cambridge, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Proprietors of Messuages, Houses, Cottages, and Tofts, having Right of Common upon the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Town or Hamlet of March, in the said Manor and Parish of,

That they do make Provision in the said Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands,

Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships ov Hamlets of March and fl'imbhngton, and in the Parish of Upuell, in the Isle of FJy, and County of Cambridge, so far as the said Act relates to the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the Town or Hamlet of March.

Ordered, That the several Reports, which have been Reports from presented to this House, from the Commissioners ap- the Board of pointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the "Prefer Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, rect»aCom-and to sell or alienate Fee-Farm and other Unimprov- mittee of able Rents, be referred to the Consideration of a Com- the whole mittee of the whole House. House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Reports,

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Debate on Monday last, for further adjourning, till Tomorrow, Motion re-the adjourned Debate on the Amendment which, upon WafonVnd'ia Thursday last, was proposed to be made to the Motion, further That it appears, from the Military Consultations, 1 jth adjourned.

August 1788, that the Object which the Madras Government had in View, by sending a Military Force to the Travancore Country, was to have them stationed in the Place from whence they could, with the greatest Ease and Expedition, invade Tippoos Dominions, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order for the 9th Day of this Instant March, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade du-To-morrow Sevennight, to consider of the African Slave charged. Trade, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Call deferred, the 9th Day of this Instant Ma, for the House

to

584

21° Martii. A. 1792.

to be called over upon this Day Sevennight, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 3d Day of April next.

Slave Trade Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-dered C°DSI' night, the 2d Day of April next, resolve itself into a ere ' Committee of the whole House, to consider of the

AJrican Slave Trade.

Warminster Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom Hoads, &c. the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in rented Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign p ' of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirteenth of King George the First, and of the Sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of JVarmimter, in the County of and for amending

several other Roads near the said Town, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned in the said County, as relates to the Road within the Town of Heytesbury, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and of several Persons living near to, or travelling, the said Roads; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirteenth of King George the First, and of the Sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of JVarminster, in the County of , and for amending everal other Roads near the said Town, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, as relates to the Road within the Town of,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and of several Persons living near to, or travelling, the said Roads, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, was read; whereby the Road leading from the House late of Robert Fleck, Gentleman, to the West End of Chain Street, in the Parish of , and

also the Road leading from the said House to the Frome Turnpike Gate at Begley, in the Parish of JVarminster aforesaid, are directed to be repaired by the Trustees acting under the said last mentioned Acts. And,

Mr. Thring, being further examined, said, That it would be of public Utility if the said last mentioned Trustees were discharged from the Care and Management thereof, and the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for repairing the Roads mentioned in the JVarminster Turnpike Act, and which the Trustees for the Frome Turnpike Act, have agreed should be done.

Then an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of JVarminster, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read; whereby the Road leading from the Town of JVarmimter, at or near the House of the late Michael JVebb, to the Church Yard Gate in,

is directed to be repaired by the Trustees under the said last mentioned Act. And,

Mr. Thring, being examined further, said, That it would be of public Utility if the said last mentioned Trustees were discharged from the Care and Management of the said Piece of Road, and the same was put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for repairing the Roads mentioned in the JVarminster Turnpike Act, and which the Trustees for the Road mentioned in the Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, have agreed should be done.

And the Witness further said, That it would be of great Advantage to the Public, and to the Inhabitants of JVarminster, if the Footways from the East Gate to the Obelisk, and from thence to the Church; from or

said Petitions, and bad directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was xead; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Thring being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a Considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, of which the Sum of 3,800l. now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

That the several Roads in JVarmimter aforesaid, that is to say, from the Pound in Pound , to the North-East End of the same Street; the Whole of Pound Lane, leading from Pound Street to the Frome Turnpike Road, at or near a Brewhouse in the Possession of Mr. Benjamin Buckler; from the Corner of Portway, through Common to a House in the

Occupation of Hippie Edgell; all Back Lane; and a small Piece of Road on the West Side of the Cross or Obelisk between the Road leading to Frome and the Road leading to Bath, are in many Places incommodious,

and in some Parts ruinous, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Then an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the

near the Obelisk to the House in the Possession of Mrs. Bleck, at the West End of JV; from the West End of Chain Street to the Bottom of Back Lane, and through the same; from the House of Thomas Marsh to the North Gate; from , through Common

Close, to a House in the Possession of Mr. Hippie Edgell; from the Market Place to a House in the Possession of Gratezvood, Widow, in Meeting House Lane;

from the Entrance of Chapel Lane to Lawrence Mead Bridge; and from the North End of Pound Street to the Turnpike Gate there, were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees mentioned in the Warminster Turnpike Act; and if the said Trustees were empowered to remove all Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, and were also empowered to regulate and direct the public Market in the same

would be of great Utility to the said Town, as well as to all Persons resorting thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of JVarminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads in or near the said Town, for repairing several Roads in, and leading through, the Town of Warminster, and for paving and repairing the Footways, and regulating the Market, within the said Town of JVarmimter; And that Mr. Goddard, Sir James Tylnetj Long, and the Lord JVeymouth, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

32 Geo. III. 21* Martii.

585

Bury St. Edmonds and Thctfnrd Road Petition reported.

Mr. Randyll Burch reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Norfolk and , whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was relerred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Cole being examined, said, That the Road leading from Bury Saint E, in the County of Suffolk, to Thetford, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and from thence to a Plantation called The Belt, in the Parish of West Tofts, and from thence to Cranwick, in the said County of Norfolk, is greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious: And he further said, That it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and of public Utility, if the said Road was properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, to and through the Town of in the County of Norfolk, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Lynn, through the Parish of in the said County of Norfolk: And that Mr. Randyll Burch and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River South M ntr«.« Esk, at or near the l oan ot Mont, in the County J"l*

r rt i t r . i J committed,

ot torjar, and for making suitable Approaches thereto,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, '1 hat the Bill be committed to Mr. D/rvid

Scott, Sir James Steuart Denham, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mill Owners, Merchants, Manu- Petition facturers, and Traders in Cloth, and other Woollen against Sow-and Cotton Goods, in and near Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are Navigation thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Bill, read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Soncerby Bridge kVharJ, in the Parish of Halt)ax, in the West Riding of the County of York> to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several Collateral Cuts from the said ('anal; and Setting forth. That the passing of such a Bill into a Law would, as the Petitioners conceive, be highly injurious to the Trade of the Country: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second lime; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think ht.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

sU

:a

t’U

ft)

hi

A

m £

C*

03

btfc

it& bt?

in *

Rank of Scotland Bill committed.

Petition against Sow-erby and Manchester Navigation

Bill.

in ct

ria.

V*

f1'

A Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, was read a Sec ond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Secretary &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Lessees, or Occupants of Lands, Mills. Tenements, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, upon the Rivers Roach, Irwell, and Irk, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sawerhy Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of , to Manchester, in the County Palatine of , and

also several Collateral Cuts from the said Canal; and Setting forth, That there are upon the said Rivers great Numbers of Mills, worked by Water, used for various Purposes, and if the said Bill passes into a Law great Injury will arise therefrom to the Petitioners, and others, largely interested in the Trade and Manufactures of that Part of the Country through which the said intended Canal is meant to pass: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such further or other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Vol. 47.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Petition in Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, in the faur of Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of D°1)1 York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, by way ot Rails worth, Chadderlon, Lower ‘Place, and

Deyne-Head, to Todmorden, with a Branch from thence to the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, at or near Water and Fou/rigg, all in the said County of Lancaster;

and, that the Petitioners are further informed, that another Bill is also depending in the House for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Bury, in the said County of Lancaster, to Deyne-Head aforesaid,

And praying, That the said Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Manchester aforesaid, by way of Failsworlh, Chadderlon, Lon er-Place, Deyne-

Head, to Todmorden, and from thence to the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, at or near Wanlus Water and rigg, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Mr. Eduard James Eliot presented to the House, Ale-home according to Order, a Bill to amend so much of Two ^P^*> *c' Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth ’ 8 Years of the Reign of his iate Majesty King George sented. the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Alehouses and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses: And the same wa# received; and read the 1- irst Time.

Resolved. Tlmt the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

7 K An

A. 1792.

586

21° — 22® Martii.

Middleton An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, raising, Ac* Road*0’ anc* keeping in Repair, the Road leading from The Bui passed. Hoodgate, at the West JEnd of the Town of Middleton in Tees daley in the County of Durham, to the Town of Egleston, in the same County, and from Egleston Bridge to the Head of the said Town of Eglestoti, and from thence to the Collieries or Coal Works called West Pitts, in the Parish of Saint Andrew's Auckland, in the same County, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from The Hoodgate, at the West End of the Town of Middleton in Teesdale, in the County of Durhamp to the Gate in the New Inclosures called The Edge, near to the Collieries called West Pitts^ in the Parish of Saint A?idrew9s Auckland, in the same County, and also, a Branch from the said Road, at or near the Head of the Town of Egleston, to Egleston Bridge, over the River Tees.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Noes went forth.

[Mr. Caxvtkorne,

Tellers for the Yeas, |Mr Blackburnc:

Tellers for the Noes,

22.

So.

Cheslyn Iri' closure

committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, called Chesty n Common, in the Liberties of

don, Little Saredon, and Great Jkyrlcy, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Hesolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Admiral Leveson, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

tuiers Petition deferred

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Report of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, htg^Manut'ac- to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of Peter and

Company, Henry Isherx and Company, William Gough, Abraham Hall, Birch and Query, Joseph Knight, John Tootle, John Owen, Joseph Joseph Beebes and

Sharp, George Britton, John Joseph

and Benjamin Crompton and Son, the principal Paper Hanging Manufacturers of Great Britain, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Tealby I»-clostire Bill committed.

Sowerby and Manchester Navigation Bill put off for Three Months.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tealby, otherwise Tccilby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Secod Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sozverby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Half ax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to,

in the County Palatine of L, and also several Collateral Cuts from the said Canal;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " upon " this Day Three Months," be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday. Morn- Servants ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Charactes House, upon the Bill to prevent the forging and conn- ll efere<i' terfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from Considers-the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the several Lists which had been delivered in at the 1,'cha Judca-Table in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made turedefeni in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be taken_ into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply *. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferreJ-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means w for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. eaili

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That ' he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 22* die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

Pit A YERS.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Proceeding!

tion the Petition of John Rutherford, ston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and petiU0D_ Return for the County of Roxburgh, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and

, require

.32 Geo. III. 22* — 23°

require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Honiton Mr. Edward James from the Select Committee

Election who were appointed to try and determine the Merits determined. Qf the Petition ot James Eraser, . Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of IIoaiton, in the County of Devon, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That George Templar, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said James Fraser, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said James Fraser, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be vexatious.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said George Templar, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Lord Viscount Parker reported from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Borough ibe In«Vi»po- of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, That the sitionof Lord said Committee met this Morning at Ten of the Clock, Belgrave. pursuant to their Adjournment of Yesterday, when the Committee received an Account from Lord Viscoun Belgrave, the Chairman of the said Select Committee, That, being very much indisposed he was confined to his House, and unable to attend his Duty on the said Committee this Day; and that the said Select Committee, then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House being informed, That Francois Jacquemet (Servant to Lord Belgrave) attended at the Door, who could give the House Information respecting the State of Lord Belgs Health; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Lord Viscount Belgrave be excused for his Non-attendance this Day on the said Select Committee; and that he have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

Report from Cirencester Election Committee

Considera- Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and I'0" Eighty-four Members only being present, Mr. Speaker

hm?Petition directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for deterred. taking the said Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of , into

Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Afartii.

587

Veneris, 23’ die;

Anno 32* Georgii III'" Regis, 1792. Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of John Rulherfurd of Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Roxburgh, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, w’ith the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Seven Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar. And the Door of the House being locked;

The Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day lor taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (belore prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of Sir Charles Gould being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was under the Necessity of attending, as Judge Advocate General, on a Court Martial, holden for the Trial of Three Officers of the .54th Regiment of Foot; and the Substance of what was so alleged by him being taken dowm by the Clerk, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Four other Members, then present, were drawn who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir James Murray, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

And the Names of Sixteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seventy-six other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Twelve on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Nine against whose Election Petitions were depending; Tea as then serving on Select Committees; Forty-three on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees j and Two as having voted at the Election.

And the Names of all the Members of the House having been drawn from the Glasses, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House; and it appearing that there wanted Twenty-one Names to complete the List of Forty-nine Members to be delivered to the Counsel at the Bar;

Mr Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petition into Consideration, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 47-

Proceeding on Roxbur Election Petition.

588

24° — 26° Martii.

A. 1792.

Sabbati, 24* die Martii;

Anno 320 Georgii IIIm Regis, 1792.

P RATERS.

of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of Saturday last, when the Chairman received an Account from James Martin, Esquire (one of the Members of the said Committee) that, having met with an Accident, he was confined to his House, and unable to attend his Duty on the said Committee this Day; and that the said Select Committee then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

of Roxburgh Election Petition deferred.

Consideration rI E Hour appointed for taking into Consideration And a Member present, who visited Mr. Martin JL the Petition of John Rutherfurd, of Edgerston, this Morning, being sworn at the Table, informed the Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return House, That he found Mr. very much indisposed,

for the County of Roxburgh, being come; in consequence of the Accident he had met with last

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker Night, and that he was well satisfied it would have been to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and re- highly improper, if not impossible, for Mr. Marlin to quire the Attendance of the Members on the Business have attended his Duty this Morning, on the said Select of the House. Committee.

And he went accordingly. Ordered, That the said James Martin, Esquire, be

And being returned; excused for his Non-attendance this Day on the said

And there being no Member in the House besides Select Committee; and that he have Leave to absent Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read himself from any further Attendance on the said Select the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition Committee.

Roxburgh

Election

Petition

considered.

into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Monday, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the Hou9e was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lana, 26° die Martii;

Anno 32* Georgii III’" Regis, 1792. Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of John RulherJ'urd, of Edgerston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Roxburgh, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Election

Petition.

The Lords have agreed to

Schroder’s Nat Bill.

The Lords have passed BalUol Col

Agreement

Bill.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; Proceeding, and One hundred and Twenty-seven Members being °"®(0j^urol1 present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Roxburgh, into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and draw n and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of Sir Charles Gould being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House, on Friday last; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Thirty-eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William M Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

A rote, That in the Course of drawing the said

Names, the Names of Fifty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside;

Ten on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Five against whose Elections Petitions were depending; Two as being Petitioners, complaining of undue Elections and Returns; Nine as then serving on Select Committees; Thirty on Account of having in this Session, served on Select Committees; and Two as having voted at the Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioner nominated Sir

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Herman Schroder; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the

kw'anlcUy ^as*er an^ Scholars of Balliol College,.in the Univer-

of London s\tv of Oxford, and the Mayor and Commonalty and r „ . ., „

Citizens of the City of Won, for vesting in the said Baronet- ,0 serve *" sald

Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Succes- mi Aeej T. r . XT , . , i

J n 1 i n -11-; r> 1 f o . And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered

sors, certain Ground and Buildings in the Parish of oaint „ , . r u 6 A

Lawrence Jewry, London, and for securing to the said to ,tha C"""sel; tha f0" °‘ was

Master and Scholars, and their Successors, certain Yearly and Couosel and ASen<s ',thdre"'-

Rents in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the

Concurrence of this House. Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining KirkbyKt»-

And then the Messengers withdrew. a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County dal Canal

of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Pa-Lord Viscount Parker reported from the Select Com- latine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from

tnittee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the said intended Canal, at or near Berwick, to or the Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, complaining of near Warton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch, an undue Election and Return for the Town and from, at, or near by to or near

Report from

Cirencester

Election

Committee

respecting,

the Absence Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, bury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, be now

of Mr. Martin,

That the said Committee met this Morning at Ten read a Second Time.

The

32 Geo. III. 26° Mar til 589

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackbume,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

for A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Vicinity of Hawkshead, ive in the District of Furness in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Cardigan: And also,

A Petition of the Incorporated Trades of the Burgh of Irvine: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Moretonhampstead, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, Aldermen, Free Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Morpeth, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of Northumberland: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, Ministers, and Inhabitants of the Burgh and Parish of Dysart: And also,

A Petition of the Citizens and other Inhabitants of the City of Chichester: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Alcester and its Environs, Warwickshire:And also, A Petition of the Inhabitants of Bradford, bridge, JVcstbury, Warminster, Laycock, and

their Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Manufacturers of the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the Freeholders and other the Inhabitants of Padstow and Wad and their Vicinity, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Saint Austell, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of Cornwall, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Vicinity of Loddon, in the County of Norfolk: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Reading: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Daventry, in the County of Northampton: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Portsmouth, Portsmouth Common, and Gosport, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Ipswich: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Old and New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Horncastle, in the County of Lincoln: And also,

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Glamford Bridge, in Lincolnshire: And also,

A Petition of the Guildstewards, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Caine, in the County of Wilts: And also,

Vol. 47.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Great Alarlow, in the County of Bucks, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of several Individuals, as well of the Established Church, as of those denominated Presbyterians, Methodists, and Baptists, in the County of Carmarthen: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the very ancient Ville and Market Town of Ambleside, and its Vicinity, in the County of Westmoreland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stourbridge: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Tregony;

Were severally presented to the House, and read:

Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Raybould’s Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Raybould with Dlvorce Joannah Pearsall his now Wife, and to enable him to cmnm, tte marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevenniglit, the 3d Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine W itnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Shipley and cording to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining Stanton a Navigable Canal from the Collieries at Shipley, in jj,^pre.dna the County of Derby, to the Erewash Canal on Stanton seated. Heath, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Tockwith In-Fields, Ings, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, closure B'11 within the Tow nship of Tockwith, in the Parish of *ommi e Billon, in the County of the City of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Monk Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Commons, and Frystone In-Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of cluiuretfB‘l1 Monk Frystone, in the West Riding of the County of commi York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the CanalBiH. Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canid from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Wcslmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

7 L and

590

26° Ma

A. 1792.

Letds 'and Wake fit*.Id Roud Hill reported.

Middleton Tvas Lane and Bowes Road Bill reported.

and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near Borzck/c, tb or near and also another Navigable Branch, frbrri, at, or near, Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near in the said

County Palatine of Lancaster: and Setting forth, That if the said Bill should pass into ia Law as the same now stands, it will be very injurious to the Petitioners, not only as Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, but also as Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias A stand. ,in the said County Palatine of Lancaster: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term of Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gathcrly Moor, to Great a Bridge,

and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York ,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; antC upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to

*ise improving, the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Revoked, Thit the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fydellpresented to the House, according to Boston Ha.

Order, a Bill for amending an Act, of the Sixteenth tour Bill Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Haven Pmenle<1' and Harbour of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for regulating the Mooring and removing of Ships and other Vessels within the said Haven and Harbour, and for removing Obstructions therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That (he Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting in James Tamer, his Mr. Turm-'s Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use Pa«tu and Property of a certain Yellow Colour, of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour, of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of /Talcs, and Town of Bewick upon Tweed, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That General Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rollcpresented to the House, according to Or- VagaWnK

der, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the &c. Billpt-Scventeenth ear of the Reign of his late Majesty 6ente^ King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to " amend and make more effectual the Laws relating " to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction:" And the same was received; and road the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rend a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Rollc reported from the Committee, to whom pivmomli the Petition of William Warren, Esquire, on Behalf n^kWjtr-of himself and others, was referred; That the Com- ’’'^!irt‘ mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, Maraud had directed him to report the same, as it ap- reus)

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of pcared to them, to the House; and he read the Report Two Acts, of the Thirty-first Year of King George in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the the Second, and the Tenth Year of His present Ma- Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as jesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wake- followeth; viz.

field, in the County of York, was committed; and to To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, w hom the Petition of Abraham Balmc, of Brads ord, in Mr. Samuel Mansfield being examined, said, That ever the County of York, Esquire, a Creditor upon the since the Establishment of a Naval Arsenal for the Use Tolls arising from the Turnpike Road between Brad- of His Majesty at Plymouth , great Inconvenien-ford and Wakefield, in the County of York, on Behalf ccs have been experienced, and considerable Expences of himself and others, the Creditors upon the said incurred, in the Conduct of the various Branches of Tolls, was referred; That no Person appeared before llis Majesty’s Service there, for Want of a Stream of the Committee in Support of the said Petition; and fresh Water — That the Town of Plymouth Dock is a that the Committee had examined the Allegations of large and populous Place; and the Inhabitants there-the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the of, having but a scanty and precarious Supply of fresh Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made seve- Water from Wells, which are sometimes dry in the ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed Summer Season, have always laboured under great him to report to the House; and he read the Report Disadvantages from the Want thereof, and have been in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with put to considerable Expence in procuring the same. — the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where And that the Town itself is not only much exposed to the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Accidents by Fire by reason thereof, but is much less then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the healthy than it would be if a sufficient Supply of Water Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by could be obtained to keep the same clean and whole-

some. — Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Petitioner, some Time since, caused to be laid before the Master General of the Ordnance a Plan for . Mr. Fydell presented to the House, according to conveying to Plymouth , at a moderate and rea*

presented. ^r<^er> a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and other- sonable Rate, a sufficient Stream of good and whole

the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Boston

9ome

32 Geo. III. 26* Maria. 591

some fresh Water for the Supply of all the Branches of His Majesty's Service carried on there, and of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and also for conveying a sufficient Stream thereof to His Majesty’s Marine Barracks at Stonehouse, for supplying the same — And he added, that the said Plan has also been transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

Report Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the

refer)ed to a Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Committee. same; and report their Opinion thereupon to

the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rode, Mr. Buncombe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 12th Day of this Instant March, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Brycr, in Behalf of himself and others, was referred, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do also examine the same; and report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Correspond- A Paper, intituled, " Copies of the Correspondence ence relative between the Ordnance Board, since the Beginning of WaterTuto " ^ie Year 1789, relative to Mr. W arren's Proposal of Plymouth " bringing Water into Plymouth Dock; together with Dock pre- tf a Copy of such Proposal." sen ted and And Title of the said Paper was read,

rtieirc . Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the

Committee, to w hom the said Reports are referred.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Petition for A Petition of William M'Dowall, Esquire, of Garth-additional land, an Owner of Land and Freeholder in the County

AlmonTTid anc^ of Sir Charles Ross, Baronet, and Adam

-Airdrie Liglis, Esquire, eldest Sons and Heirs Apparent of Roads Bill. Owners of Land or Freeholders in the County of La-nerk, and the other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of certain Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Road has been formed from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Airdrie, in the County of Lanerk, and another Road from the said Tow n of Airdrie, to a Place culled Ncu house, in the Parish of Shotts, in the same County; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for making, amending, widening, and keep* ing in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond\ on the Confines of the Counties of Edinbiwgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bath-gate to Airdrie, in the County of Lanerk, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Two Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for building a Bridge over the Water of Avon, at Torphichen Mill; and that it would be of public Utility, if that Part of the said Road from Glasgody to Airdriey which leads from Airdrie to a Place called Baillieston, to the West of Drumpcller, was taken out of the Management of the Trustees appointed by the said Acts, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees to he appointed by the aforesaid Bill, and it would likewise be of public Utility if Provision was made, that the said Road from Airdrie to Newhouse shall in future be kept in Repair at the joint Expence of the Trustees under the said Acts, and the Trustees to be appointed by the said Bill, or by an equal Division of the said Road between the said Trusts: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the Vox. 47.

said Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Hope, Lord Frederick Cam})bell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Peebles Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s K°ad».&c. Reign, and of the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of Jj)m" His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Peebles, and for making the said Acts more effectual; and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Montgomery, 'Mu John Hope, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Roxburgh returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the Election said Committee delivered in to the House One of the Committee said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel* aI)I)0intrd* in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of William McDowall, Esquire, and Sir James Murray, Baronet, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Robert Williams, Esquire, Robert Peel, Esquire, John Dent, Esquire, John Pitt, Esquire, Thomas Williams,

Esquire, Sir William Ileathcote, Baronet, the Honourable John Hope, William Mills, Esquire, Matthew Montagu, Esquire, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, the Honourable William Eliot, Charles Callis Western, Esquire, Charles Rainsjord, Esquire, William MDuuall,

Esquire, Sir James Murray, Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Rutherford, of Edgerston, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The House being informed that Mr. Duncan Camp- Account of bell attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at Work clone the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their p^nT'j,cl3 Older, the Iluiks

An Account of the Work done by the Convicts on pieseuad. Board the Hulks, from the 1st of January 1789 to the 1st of January 1792; distinguishing the several Hulks and Years, and stating the Numbers employed during such Periods, with the Quantity and computed. Value of the Works.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Meuihers of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account he printed, as shall he sufficient lor the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The

Cm

592

26° Martii.

A. 1792.

Account of Work done by Convicts — and of the Number on Board the Dunkirk Hulk at Plymouth, presented.

Bill for the 1 Establishment of the Duke and Duchess of York, presented.

The House being informed that Mr. James Bradley attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Work done by the Convicts on Board the Hulks, from the 21st of June 1791 to the 1st of January 1792; distinguishing the several Hulks, and stating the Numbers employed during that Period, with the Quantity and computed Value of the Works: And also,

An Account of the Number of Convicts on Board the Dunkirk Hulk at Plymouth, from the 1st of January 1789 to the lqth of March 1791, on which Day the said Hulk was discharged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of York and Albany, and also to settle an Annuity on her Royal Highness during the Term of Her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of His said Royal High-

m 0

ness, in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive Him: And the same was received; and read the l'irst Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

" Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the " National Debt," and to provide for the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said r*Portei Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Tomorrow Morning.

SteyingF.Iec-tion Petitions deferred.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 7th Day of this Instant March, for taking into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of the Borough of Stcynittg, in the County of Sussex, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Con-

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the RePnr, on Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the several Lists which had been delivered in at the Table considered, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

The House was moved. That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons who

should appear to hold, or to have held, any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, should be struck out of the said Report by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Eduard Hyde East, Esquire, the Lord Muncaster, Thomas Master, Esquire, Laurence Esquire,

sideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 3d Day Maurice Robinson, Esquire, Sir John Rous, Baronet,

Sudbury Election Petition deferred.

of April next, at Three of the Clock in the After- George Esquire, Clement Esquire,

noon. William Praed, Esquire, Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe,

Baronet, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet, William The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Chute, Esquire, the Right honourable Thomas Pelham, the 7th Day of this Instant March, for taking into Con- Sir William , Baronet, Bamber Gascoyne, Equire,

sideration, upon Thursday next, the Petition of William Richard Aldworth Neville, Esquire, Francis Gregor, Smith, Esquire, a Candidate at the late Election of Bur- Esquire, Philip Metcalf, Esquire, Benjamin Lethieullier, gesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Slid- Esquire, John Gaily Knight, Esquire, James Adams, bury, in the County of Suffolk, complaining of an undue Esquire, Sir Thomas Baronet, Sir George

Election and return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

lanson Winn, Baronet, the Honourable John Eliot, Robert Smith, Esquire, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, William Grant, Esquire, Edward Phelips, Esquire, Robert Barclay, Esquire, Henry Esquire, Henry

Thornton, Esquire, Samuel Thornton, Esquire, the Ho-

sideration upon Tuesday, the 5th Day of June next, at nourable Thomas Grenville, Andrew Stuart, Esquire,

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Committee on Bill for Application of a Sum to Reduction of National Debt.

Esquire, Bramston,

Esquire, William Esquire, William Baker,

Esquire, Sir George Corvcwall, Baronet, Brook Watson, Esquire, William Weddell, Esquire, John Thomas Stanley, Esquire, the Right honourable William Windham, The House, according to Order, resolved itself into the Lord North, Sir George Beaumont, Baronet, Daniel a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Parker Coke, Esquire, Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in Esquire, Esquire,

the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Wilrnot, Esquire, Isaac Hawkins Brvune, Esquire, Sir Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet.

‘1 in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a And Notice being taken, That George Vamittart,

Esquire,

i,v

A

32 Geo. III.

26° Martii.

593

Committee on Reports from the Board of Land Revenue.

Esquire, one of the Persons named in the said Report has held an Office or Employment in the Service of the East India Company in India, and therefore was included within one of the Exceptions contained in the aid Act;

The Name of the said George Vamittart, Esquire, was struck out of the said Report*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House-, to consider of the several Reports, which have been presented to this House, from the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimprove-able Rents, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Execution of certain Warrants issued for the apprehending and committing Persons convicted of Offences against the Excise Laws.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Letters from Copies of Letters from the late Sir Archibald Campbell S.r A.Camp-to the Rajah of Travancore, dated 5th, 17th, and 30th ordered. April, and 12th August, 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the late Sir Archibald Campbell to Brigade Major Bannerman, dated 12th August 1788.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Indemnity Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indem-

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Mo- nify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and tion, when, the House will please to receive the same. " 1 ‘ ' 1 ' '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

to

Bill for issuing 400,0001 the Bank, ft r Reduction of I^atiumil Debt, passed.

Bill for preventing Frauds in the E*rifce by > Common Bi ewers passed.

Bill for regulating the Conduct of Auctioneers, passed.

Bill respecting Certificates on exporting Tea to 1 reland&c. passed.

Bill for preventing Frauds with respect to B*>riy Warrants, passed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the N ational Debt, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Four hundred thousand rounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, by Common Brewers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, by Common Brewers.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Conduct of Auctioneers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to compel Auctioneers to declare whether Sales have been held under the Notices now required to be given by Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing certain Regulations with respect to Certificates on exporting Tea to Ireland or America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing certain Regulations with respect to Certificates on exporting Tea to Ireland or America.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Execution of Body Warrants, was read the Third Time.

Vol. 47.

Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Greenland Order, a Bill to continue and amend several Laws re- and Davis', lating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried ?.trtlsht* n on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and to prmntld. amend the Laws now in Force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Barlow, from the Accounts de-Crown Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; *',vered into and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to KjnJsBwich their Order, relative to

A Paper, intituled, " Accounts relative to the Con- Convict.

" victs on Board the Hulks at Woolwiand elsewhere, Pre*ent«di " during the Years 1789, 1790, and 1791, as reported " to the Court of King’s Bench."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Troward (one of p.rticuUr the Solicitors to the Managers of the Impeachment Account of against WarrenHastings, Esquire)attended at the Door; ^xP*"dJtur.* he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the impeachment House, pursuant to their Order, vag«n*t

A particular Account of the Expenditure of the Mr. Ha*tmgs, Money advanced to the Solicitor# of the Impeach- Pre*«nted-

7 M rnent

594

26° Martii. A. 1792.

North Grim-ston fnclo-Hire Bill reported.

Bill to remove the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of Bond Streets presented.

ment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and of such other Expences and Charges as have been incurred by the said Solicitors since the 15th Day of May 1788 to the 8th Day of March 1792, as near as the same can be ascertained.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Downs reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Grounds within the Parish of North Grimston, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon' the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mailman Trench Chiswell presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for removing the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Westminster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Besotted, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

terested in the Inclosure, consists of 52 f Yard lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom gedmikk the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common closure Bill Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish reP°rtal-of Redmile, in the County of Leicester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of tire Bill, and found the same to be true ,* and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wrere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Stathmfa. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closureBal Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- pr*SM"Bi' monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Statliem, in the County of Leicester: And the same

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Voice* to Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

Committee Committee, to whom the Bill for making and main-

ham CanaT lining a Navigable Canal from the Cromford Canal, Bill. in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town

of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal, is committed,

Voices to Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

Committee Committee, to whom the Bill for making and main-

ter,&c.Canai *a'ning & Navigable Canal from the Town of Man- Bill. Chester, to or near the Towns of Ashton under Lyne

and Oldham, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed.

Wallon on the Woulds inclosureRill reported.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Walton on the Woulds, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegation of the BUI, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the BUI, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor ef 31 Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property, belonging to Persons in-

Mr. Lechmere presented to the House, according to Wwcest# Order, a BilJ for the better Relief and Employment Poor, &c. of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Wrrccster, and of such Parishes as are Part within the **

City of Worcester, and Part within the County of War-tester, and of the Parish of Saint Michael in Bedtvardine, in the County of Worcester, and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of such Parishes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a. Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Ogbournfc the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, ami other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Parish of Ogbourn Saint George, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Goddard,

Sir James Tyhney Long, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to Bradford whom the Bill for making, amending, and keeping Road Bill in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near the Town of Bradford, in the County erf Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerseti was committed; That toe Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee

had

32 Geo. III. 26° Martii.

595

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

‘!t I

ini-

ted;

tiis

In-

.I.

h

:iasi

d is j*i

9*.

W-4

Pa

t

lore

Cti

thiol

jib

ab

Warminster Roads, Ac. Bill presented.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads in or near the said Town, for repairing several Roads in, and leading through, the Town of Westminster, and for paving and repairing the Footways, and regulating the Market, within the said Town of Warminster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gre- A Petition of George de Ligne , of the Parish

gory’s Peti- of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, Esquire, was non against presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of CanalBilh*1 for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner of a very considerable Estate, situate in the Parishes or Townships of Radford and Lenton, in the said County of Nottingham, ana, in case the said intended Bill should pass into a Law, as it now stands, a very great Injury will result therefrom to the Petitioner's said Estate: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass into a Law, as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

hex3*

E

rail

rei.sK'

binfe

XlDBf to t

to#

leJP

fUk

CM'

etc*-

ill. $

Petitions in A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Town favour of of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, whose Names are h1-0^ Sp!.r.8 thereunto subscribed: And also,

&r ur i . Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Town

of Margate, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broad Stairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and for the better preserving the said Harbour, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels wHhia the said Harbour: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Peterborough Mr. Benyon reported from the Committee, to whom and Thomey the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping ia Road Bill Repair, the Road leading from Bridge, in

reporte. City of Peterborough, to the Town of in

Von.47.

the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for altering the Course of some Part of the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, to Wyrleyand whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Naviga- Wolver* ble Canal from, or from near, Bank, in the hampton j

County of Stafford, to communicate with the re^"ud|

ham Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Keelmens the Bill for establishing a permanent Fund for the BUI reported. Relief and Support of Skippers and Ktelmen, employed on the River Wear, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do make the Report chapel-en-le from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing FrithandEn-and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel-cn ^rcloush le-Frith to, or near to, Enlerclough Bridge, in the Hoad^ Bill' County of Derby, and also the Road from the Village reported, of Hayfield to Marple Bridge, in the said County, and also the Road from the Village of Glossop to a certain Gate called Claylands Gate, in the Township of Long-dendale, on, or near to, the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Mot tram to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed.

Mr. Burdon accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

had

Cart's Estate Bill committed.

Livingstone and Glasgow Roads Petition reported

A

26° Martii. 1792.

had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed^ to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Ralph Carr, Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Tempest, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir James Steuart Denham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of and by the

Town of Hamilton to the Town of , and for

repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of Strathaven, and for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Airdrie towards the City of Glasgow, through the Village of Sheltleston, till it falls into the Great Road from Murric* hall to the said City, and for repairing the Road from the said Great Road, by Drygate and to

Camlyne, and for repairing and widening several other Roads, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at or near Theevesford, and for opening and making certain Streets in or near the City of Glasgow, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Black being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads rendered more level and convenient, unless several Alterations be made.

That by several Acts of Parliament a Road has been formed from the City of Edinburgh to the Bridge over Almond Water, being the Confines betwixt the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow.

That a Road has also been formed and made from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Airdrie.

That Parts of the said Road between Livingstone and the City of Glasgow, where the same passes over the Shotts, and Hirst Hills, and Colder Brae, are very inconvenient for Carriages, from the severe Pulls in ascending the said Hills and Brae, which might be avoided by carrying the said Road to the Southward of the present Line.

That there are certain Parts of the Road between the City of Glasgow and the Town of , which

are also inconvenient from severe Pulls and otherwise,

which might be remedied by altering the present Line of Road, and carrying a new Line in a more level and convenient Direction.

That the Bridge over the River Clyde, called Both-well Bridge, on the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and from thence to Carlisle, is inconveniently situated for the Line of Road, and, from the Length of Time since it was built has become insufficient, and is too narrow for the heavy Carnages that now pass between Carlisle and Glasgow, by the said Bridge, and may require to be rebuilt.

That when the Alteration of the Line of Road from Glasgow to Livingstone, by the South of Colder Brae, and the Shotts and Hirst Hills, is accomplished, it will be requisite to vary the present Line of Road from the Town of Hamilton, by Hamilton Bridge, to New Inn, on the present Great Road from Glasgow to Livingstone, and to carry the said Road by Hamilton Bridge, in the most convenient Direction, to join the New Line of Road from Glasgow to Livingstone, and also to make a Branch Road from the said New Line of Road from Glasgow to Livingstone, in the most convenient Direction, through the Lands of Coltness and others, to join the present Turnpike Road from Carlisle to the City of Glasgow.

That, in order to render the said Roads more commodious, it will be necessary to grant some further and other Powers to the Trustees appointed by the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at or near Theevesford, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgozv, for altering a Part of the High Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of the Hills, and another Line of Road by the South, and for straightening and making the Roads more convenient, as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and building a Bridge over the River Clyde below the present old Bridge, called Bothwell Bridge, as also, for altering the Road from the Town of Hamilton Eastward, until it joins the Great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow: And that Sir James Denham and Mr. William McDowall do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for making and repairing the Road from the LmerkanJ Town of Lanerk to the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanerk, was read a Second Time. conunititd.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Steuart Denham, Mr. John Hope, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for improving the Communica- Ringhomd tion between the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by the Passages or Ferries cross the Frith of passed Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the County of Edinburgh,?^ Kinghorn and Bin the County of Fife, and for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places more commodious, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and the County oiF'fe, by the Passages or Ferries cross tho Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland, in the County of and for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places more commodious.

Ordered, That Sir James Steuart Denham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

Geo. III. 26° Martii. 597

Id

k

ltJ

r* RandyU liurvh presented to the House, accord- Thetforfl ^n§ *° Order, a for repairing arid Improving the hd Bill Road leading from the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, of.nted. in the County of Suffolk, to and through the Town of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Lynn, through the Parish of Crantoick, in the said County of Norfolk: And the same wa9 received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

m

ill

on

k

of

set

iRj.

tj

oi.

k

in

la-

k

is

a®

!i

0133

rfi

U

t

u: > irtfil 08.

tp I!

mffl?

Co?

Frr-:

Actional A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Mgomery, thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and ii Poor. ’ Inhabitants within the Parish of in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find Application hath been made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for incorporating and reducing into One District the several Parishes of Montgomery, Kerry, Llandyssil, Llatt-mereuig, Berriew, Pool, Butting ton, and

For den, and the Townships of Aston and Castlewright, in the County of Montgomery, the Parish of in the County of Salop, and the Parishes of stoke and Hyssington, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, and for providing a House for the general Reception of the Poor therein, and for regulating, employing, and governing the said Poor; and Representing to the House, that the said Parish of Worthin lies adjoining to the said other Parishes and Townships, or some of them, and the Poor therein are very numerous, and are supported at a great and burthensome Expence to the Inhabitants, which Expence has for many Years been rapidly increasing, and is likely to continue to increase, and the Petitioners apprehend, that the Poor of the said Parish of Worthin might be better and more comfortably maintained, and at a less Expence, than at present, if the said Parish was united with the several other Parishes and Townships before mentioned, and included in the said intended Bill, for the Purpose of maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That the Provisions of the said intended Bill may be extended to the said Parish of Worthin, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clergymen, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Land Owners, and Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Montgomery, Kerry,

Berriew, Buttington, Pool, Woolstarmine, and in

the County of Montgomery, the Township of Aston (Parcel of the Parish of Lydharti) in the said County, the Tow nship of Castlewright, (Parcel of the Parish of Mainstone) in the said County, the Parish of Chirbury, in the County of Salop, and the several Parishes of Churchslokeand Hyssington, in the said Counties of Montgomery and Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Townships, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

:0aI-j Aynho In- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-eC*: closure Bill mon fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, commute . an(j G^er Commonable Places, in the Parish of Aynho, fi®. in the County of Northampton, was read a Second

tie® Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ins, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s f-i3" Chamber,

fp

Voices to Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

onwSnln Committee> to whom the Bill for dividing and in-do9' closure Bill.* cl°sing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, ei# Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in Great

Vol. 47.

WtMm arid Little WMm, in the County of Northampton, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins be added to die Gentle- M^Wradd-men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ed to bring Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the in March in Trustees and Guardians of Sir Henry Peyton, Baronet, clo*ur* Bill' Lord of the Manor ot Doddington, with the Members in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Proprietors of Messuages, Houses,

Cottages, and Tofts, having Right of Common upon the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Town or Hamlet of March, in the said Manor and Parish of Doddington.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according March Into Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- c,08Ure Bill closing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within Pr*senled' the Town or Hamlet of March, in the Manor and Parish of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 1 hirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of

in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Heaihcote reported from the Committee, portsea Pat-to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose ing. &c. Pe-Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under l,l'on re* an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of por e His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Paving of the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances in that " Part of the Parish of Portsea, in the County of " Southampton, commonly called Portsmouth ,"

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Stephen Gaseley being examined said, That a Progress hath been made in paving the Streets, Lanes, and other Places comprized in the said Act, hut the Powers thereof have been found in many respects so defective, that the same ought to be repealed, and new Powers granted for better paving, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Public Passages and Places, in the said Part of the Parish of Portsea called Portsmouth Common, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, and for widening some of the said Streets and Passages.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better " paving of the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing " Nuisances and other Annoyances in that Part of " the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton,

" commonly called Portsmouth ," and for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And that Sir William Heathcote and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Act relative Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- to the c«n-tuled, " An Act for allowing the Conveyance from ve7ance 01

7 N " the Good*-c-

26° Martii:

A. 1792.

between " the Ports of Southampton and , to the

ton andmp' " Port of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not Cowes, to be " l‘al)le to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be considered. " exported, and of Sheep and Cattle between the said " Ports without Cocquets being taken, or Bonds en- " tered into for that Purpose; and for extending an " Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign " of King Charles the Second, for taking Affidavits " in the Country, to be made Use of in the Courts " of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer,

" to the Isle of Man, and for appointing Ports and " Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said " Island," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Conveyance of Goods, Sheep, and Cattle, between the Ports of Southampton, Portsmouth, and Cowes.

coombe Hill Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom and Chelten- the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Ca-ba.m Can*1, nal from the Foot of Coombe Hill, in the Parish of rep<i e Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called Fisher s, otherwise Fletchers Leap, in the Parish of in the said

County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bristol Gads The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, to ^orted" rC" " h°m the Petit'00 of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Com-, or ei ‘ monalty of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Lewis, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Common Gaol of the said City and County of the City of Bristol, and also the House of Correction, are too small, and not properly constructed for the Reception, Confinement, Separation, and Employment of Prisoners; and that it would be of great Public Utility if a new Gaol, with a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, were erected and built in some other Part of the said City and County.

That the purchasing of Ground necessary for such new Gaol, Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, building the same uport a Scale sufficiently large and commodious, and maintaining and supporting the same, will be attended with very considerable Expence, which cannot be provided for, nor can proper Regulations for the due Management of the same, and for the Security and Preservation of the Health of the Prisoners, be established and enforced without the Aid and Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol: And that the Lord Sheffield and the Marquis of Worcester do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do make the Re- South Mai port from the Committee, to whom the Petition of ling ^04d several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence, through Street under the Hill to Longbridge, in the Parish of ston, in the County of Sussex, and also an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of the said recited Act, was referred.

The Lord Sheffield accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts w ere read: And,

Mr. William Wheeler being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said Acts, and a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and is now' due, upon Mortgage of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which Money cannot be paid oft’, and the said Road completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged. — And he further said, that certain Pieces of lload leading from Bopeep through the several Places mentioned in the Petition, are very narrow, incommodious, and greatly out of Repair, and it would be a great Convenience and Accommodation to the Public if the trustees for executing the said Acts were discharged from the Repair of Two Miles and a Quarter of the Road comprized therein, extending from Bopeep to Longbridge, and were enabled to amend and widen the several other Pieces of ltoad above mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter and amend the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mulling, near the Town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence, through

Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfriston, in the County of Sussex (except so far

as the said Acts relate to that Part of the said Road which lies between a Place commonly called Bopeep, in the Parish of Alciston, and Longbridge aforesaid) and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Sussex: And that the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Thomas Pelham, and Colonel Lennox, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do make the Re- Hodges and port from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ele- Bid«wi«. venth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid

to the Town of Lindfield, and from the Turnpike Road between Cuckfield arid Cray lcy to the Town of Horsham, and also the Road from Swingate in the Parish of Burwash, to Shover Green, in the Parish of all in the County of Sussex, was committed.

The Lord Sheffield accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined

the

Googh

3

il

i.

c-

’5S

ft.

Southamp- ton Poor Bill :if presented.

ili;

tiei

"M Atcham, Wrox e ter, See. Poor Bill presented.

ijs

fit

m Mr. Raye's Petition against \Vcl- don Inclosure iff Bill.

9

in

: ft 3 If

mils

el*

ie

if fe

';jk

ifvCii

nlij Petition from al $ the Erewash p; V Canal Corn-p;- pany, against ,"mi the Notting-; 11 ham Canal Bill.

of-

tsl;

f.:vv-

nir.

II. *

Pali*

0:

ires*;

»s

32 Geo. III. 26°

599

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by. One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Amyall presented to- the House, according to Order, a Bill for better regulating the Poor of the United Parishes within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Major Williams presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of Berrington, Cttnd, Eaton Constantine, Leighton,

Ujfington, and Upton Magna, and the Chapelry of Cressage, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend William Rector of Great and Little Weldon, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Great Weldon and Little Weldon, in the County of Northampton-, and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers Provisions and Regulations, which, if carried into Effect, would be highly prejudicial to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner, and his Successors, Rectors of Great and Weldon aforesaid: And therelore praying, That he may he heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass, as it now stands, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner he heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks lit.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Erewash Canal, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Cromj'or Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth. That there are several Parts of the said Bill, which, if the same should pass into a Law as it now stands, would be highly detrimental and injurious to the Rights and Property of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law, as it now stand, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 47.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Lord Petition Middleton, and the humble Petition of the Honourable nrr0^dltl0Da* Henry Sedley, was presented to the House, and read; ,1,7Noion^-

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and main- ham Canal taining a Navigable Canal from the Cromj'ord Canal, Bill, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near ham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners of several Coal Mines at a small Distance from the said intended Canal, within the Parishes or Hamlets of and

Broxtowe, and of nearly the Whole of the Lands between those Mines and the intended Canal, and that the making a Navigable Communication between such Mines and the intended Canal will be of Benefit to the Petitioners, and will afford an additional Supply of Coals to the several Places to or through which the said Canal will lead, and the Petitioners are willing and desirous to make such Navigable Communication at their own Expence: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill to enable the Petitioners to make a Navigable Communication between the said Mines of Coal and the said Canal, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wdbcrjorce, Mr. Gilbert,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wilberforcereported from the Committee, to T.eeds

whom the Petition of the Reverend Atkinson, of Church IV

Leeds, in the County of York, Clerk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe- p tition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Hebden being examined, said, That the Inhabitants of the Parish of Leeds having increased very much of late Years, the Parish Church is too small lor the Accommodation of the Parishioners; and the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Bristol has agreed to give to the said Miles Atkinson a Piece of Ground for the Purpose of erecting a commodious new Church, for the Use of the said Parish.

The Witness further said, That the Petitioner, with the Consent of the Patrons and Vicar of the Parish Church of Leeds aforesaid, as also of his Grace the Lord Archbishop of York, hath begun to erect the said Church, and intends to finish the same as soon as it can be conveniently done, and to have the said Church and Piece of Ground consecrated, and an Annual Stipend to be settled for the Minister thereof, by a Rent Charge to be fixed and ascertained on the Pews, Seats or Stalls to be made in the said Church, in Consideration of the Petitioner having the First

and

eoo

26° Martii.

A. 1T92.

and Second Rights of Presentation, without nevertheless impeaching or prejudicing the Right of the Vicar to all Fees and Immunities thereunto belonging.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Church or Chapel, in the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Larking's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

committed to <^sao^ve Marriage of John Larking, Esquire, with Elizabeth Marcon, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 3d Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

St. Pancras Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

Ground See w^l0,n Bill for providing an additional Burying Bill reported. Ground for the Use of the Parish of Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for shutting up the present Foot Path leading through the Church Yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committed had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Balliol Col- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ""I1 c,ty Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between Agreement *he Master ar|d Scholars of College, in the Uni-

Bill read. versity of Oxford, and the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for vesting in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, certain Ground and Buildings in the Parish of Saint Laurence , London, and for se-

curing to the said Master and Scholars, and their Successors, certain Yearly Rents in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

against thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and

Antmitants ot^ers» Inhabitants of the Parish of Botolph Bill. a 1 Aldersgate, in the City of London, was presented

to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a new Workhouse; and Setting forth, That, should the said Bill pass into a Law, it will prove very injurious and prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said BUI be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the onSerom Bill to prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ReportWaji the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider and further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart, accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, pay That the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, Clothing of in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Mm. One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1792, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 179*.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for p«. the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining vetting and amending an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Semen’i° " An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Wage*, fe. u Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize deferred,

" Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Noncommissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill to the wdiole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amend Act amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in- f"urageein"j; tituled, " An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen of Seamen, " employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a deferred.

" regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling the m

" more

Bill for preventing Frauds with respect to Sv»pe, deferred.

Committee on the Public Income and Expenditure, &c, deferred.

Committee on Report of Paper Hanging Manufacturer's Petition deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

Petitions for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

32 Geo. III. 2° — 27° Martil 601

" more easily and readily to remit the same for the " Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments and for further extending the Beuetits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Manufacturing of Sope.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee‘to whom the Petition of Peter Bowers and Company, Henry Isherwood and Company,

Gough, Abraham Hall, Birch and Ouvry, Joseph Knight, John Tootle, John Owen, Joseph Cox, Joseph Reckes and Sharp, George Britton, John Tayler, and

Benjamin Crompton and Son, the principal Paper Hanging Manufacturers of Great Britain, was referred.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 27°;

Anno 32* Georgii III1* Regis, 1792. Pbateus.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Gentlemen, Clergy,

and other Inhabitants of the City of ExeterAnd

also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Devizes, in the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Lincoln: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Alford Burgh and Wainflcct, in the County of Land the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Spalding, in the County of Lincoln, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stamford, in the County of LincolnAnd also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants Vo l. 47.

of the Parish of Norham, in the County of Durham: And also,

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the City, Close, and Neighbourhood of New Sarum: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Epping, in the County of Essex: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and principal In habitants of the Royal Burgh of Kingdom, in North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council, the Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Burgh of Kirkaldy: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, -Ministers, and other Inhabitants, of the Burgh of Stirling, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the Commissioners of Supply and Heritors of the County of Stirling: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Ninians, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Kelsyth, in the County of Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Denny, and Part of Dunipace, in the County of Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inha< bitants of the Parish of Ca in the County of Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Presbytery of Stirling: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Old and Baldernocks, and Strathblane, in the Counties of Dumbarton and Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Gargunnock, in the County of Stirling: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Borough of Preston: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Ives: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free holders of the Borough of Alpar, and the Town of Newcastle Emlyn, in South Wales, with its Neighbourhood:

And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Common Council, Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Cardigan, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Vicinity of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex, and its Vicinity, And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Witney, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of Oxford: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Town and Vicinity of Burford, in the County of Oxford: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks: And also,

A Petition of the Freeholders and other principal Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks: And also,

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the Burgh of I assembled in

7 O Council,

603 27" Martll A. 1792.

Council, and the other Inhabitants of the said Burgh and Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Presbytery of Wigtown, met at Wigtown the 6th Day of

March 1792: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Crieff, in the County of Perth, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guild, Treasurer and Remanent Councillors of the Royal Burgh of Atman:And also,

A Petition of the Presbytery of Hamilton: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Ministers, Incorporated Societies, and other Subscribers, Inhabitants of the Manufacturing Town of , and

Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of Down, and the Country adjacent, in the County of Perth, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of East Kilhryde, in the County of , in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Village of Kincardine, in the Parish of Tulliallan, and County of Perth, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Cardross, Bonhill, and,

upon the Water of Lecen, in the County of Dumbarton, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Kdbarchan, and the Manufacturing Village of that Name, in the County of Renfrew, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribin'* Inhabitants

o

of the Parishes of uch ter muchly, Strathmiglo, Falkland, and Collessy, in the County of Fife, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Musleburgh, and Inhabitants in the County of Mid-Lothian, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Burgh and Parish of Forfar: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and principal Inhabitants of the Royal Burgh of Linlithgow, in North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the Freeholders, Clergy, Merchants, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Montrose, in the County of Forfar, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants in the Parish of Kennoway, in the County of Fife, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Burgesses and other Inhabitants of Dundee, Shire of Angus, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Vicinity of Ampthill, in the County of Bedford: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Dunstable, and its Vicinage, in the County of Bedford: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Luton, in the County of Bedford: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Alva Stirlingshire: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of English Hay and its Vicinity, in the County of Brecon: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the aneient Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham:

And also,

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Presbytery of Dunfries, met in Court: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and incorporated TradeB of the Burgh of Kirkcudbright:

And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Vicinity of Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of March, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council, the Ministers, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Dunfermline: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants in Upton upon Severn, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunder signed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally prdered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

A Petition of Sir Berney Brograve, of in Sir B. Bm-

the County of Norfolk, Baronet, was presented to the Srave’s House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually preserving certain Lands and Grounds, within Suffolk Em-the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, from Injury or tank meet Damage by the Sea; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is possessed of considerable Estates in the Parishes of Was am, Horsey, and Palling, near the Sea, in the said County of Norfolk, and that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, as it now stands, it would be highly prejudicial and injurious to the Petitioner’s said Estates:

And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill

4 1 O

as may anect him, and that the same may not pass into a Law, as it now stands, or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do make the Report Uffington from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing InclosureBiH and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Mea- reporltd' dows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, ra the Parish of UJfUngton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed.

Sir John TTiorold accordingly reported from the stud Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, winch they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report

Voie

Com

oaS!

Nav:

Bill.

Can

Uii

bani

Drai

M|

f Chaj 1 k-Fi

} F.nte I Bridj I Road

D(*ii

Marii

hub

32 Geo. III.

27° Martii.

603

Voices to Committee on Sleaford Navigation Bill.

Canvey Island Embanking and Drainage Bill passed.

Chapel-entry- )e-Frith and Enterclough eK; Bridge, Uc.

? \;"v Roads Bill pa*ed.

su

asd

Mi

tO 2 ti

..si

t» it si tofe

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the'Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ittgi-ossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the Bill for making and main* taining a Navigation from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of Sleaford\in the County of Lincoln, along the Course of Sleaford Mill Stream, and

Kyme Eau, to the River Witham, at or near Hill, in the same County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise Improving the Island of Canvey, in the County of Essex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise improving the Island of Canvey, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramstoil do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith to, or near to, Enterclough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and also the Road from the Village of Hayfield to Marple Bridge, in the said County, and also the Road from the Village Of Glossop to a certain Gate called Claylands Gate, in the Township of Longdendale, on, or near to, the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Mottram to Wood-head, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pf. 5. I. 21. To leave out " Seventh Day of uMay" and insert " First Day of June" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be, An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith to, or near to, Enterclough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and also the Road from the Village of Hayfield to Marple Bridge in the said County f and also the Road from the Village of Glossop to a certain Gate called Claylands Gate, in the Township of Longdendale, on, or near to, the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Mottram to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once reud throughout; and then a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Abaendments, be irigrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, Kingston and widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Sheetbridge Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near in *asSf *

the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfeld, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. William Clement Finch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Hope reported from the Committee, to Cramond whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Bridge and Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present KoutT Bill^ Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the reported.

" Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King " George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of " Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations Of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Walton on Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and lhe Would* Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Walton on the Woulds, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third 1 ,>asse Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Walton on the Woulds, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Downham fries, Market jjgi Roads Bill j , reported.

lift1

k®

tfcis

ea

0-

to*

to?

liiefl

jut®

r1

c

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and alterifig and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouse in Downham Market to the Queen's Head, and from the Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close in the Parish of Barton, and towards Watton to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk, and for stopping up the Road leading from Stradset, through Bar-ten Layes, towards Watton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him Vot. 47.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Redmile Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Inclosure within the Parish of Redmile, in the County of Leicester, Bl11 Pufsfd-was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Redmile, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending Two Lamport Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the and Soraer-Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening he Road lead- pasat^ ing from The Red Post, in the Parish of Fivehead, v through the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to

cell.

27° Mar til

A. 1792.

Butwell, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in a Second Time, One by One; and, upon, the Question

the County of Somerset; and for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads from Castlecary to and from the Cross Roads at Galhampton to the Sherborne Turnpike Road leading to and from the Cross Roads in Langport Eastover to the Martock Turnpike Road in the Parish of Longsutton, and from the Direction Post on the said Martock Turnpike Road to the Lvelchester Turnpike Road, in the Parish of

Kingsdon, and from Marshall's Elm, in the Parish of

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for

paving, cleansing, lighting, Derby Pw. and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and BJI other public Passages and Places, within the Borough

c. - . c . rr r > a '/ b 'k of Derby, and for selling a certain Piece of Waste Street, to the Somertort Turnpike Road, in the Parish Ground, situate within the said Borough, called Nun's of Kmsmxstm, in the said County, was read the Gm«, towards defraying the Expence of the said

Improvements, was read the Third Time.

Kingswcston, in the said County, was Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. ro.l. 13. After "Tolls" to insert " Twenty one Days public Notice of the " Intention to make such Order " and Direction having been " first given."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bil was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of through

the Towns of Langport and , to Butwell, and

several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing, amending, and widening certain otiier Roads within the said County.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevelyan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 33. To leave out from say" to " from,v in 1. 34.

1. 37. After " Place" to insert " and " along the Front thereof."

1. 39. After " House" to insert " and " along the Front thereof." After " upon" to insert " such " Part of," and after " Ground" to insert " called Nuns Green, " as was not by the said recited " Act authorized to be sold." After " Remainder " to insert " of " such Part."

After " Ground" to insert " as " aforesaid."

After " conveyed" to insert " any " Thing in the said recited Act " to the contrary hereof notwithstanding."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

Pr. 40. 1. 9.

1. 12.

1. 13-Pr. 41. 1. 11.

Bradford Road recommitted Bill reported.

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill was autended at the Table accordingly, the Bill for making, amending, and keeping in Re- Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title pair, a Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near be, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and other-the Town of Bradford, in the County of ITilts, to join wise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other pub-the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to lie Passages and Places, within the Borough of Derby, Kingsdown, at or near Bath ford Bridge, in the County and for selling a certain Piece of Waste Ground,

of Somerset, was re-committed; That the Committee had made One other Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Swell Wold ami Cheltenham Roads

Captain Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, altering, and repairing, Dili imported, the Roads from Swell in the County of Glou-

cester, to or near the Sixth Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road leading from the Borough of Tewkesbury to

situate within the said Borough, called Nuns Green, towards defraying the Expence of the said Improvements.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Petition Heritors, Tenants of Lands, and Inhabitants, in the agamsiBer-County of Berwick, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for repairing and widening certain Roads in the County of and representing to the House, that the said Bill has never been agreed to by the Heritors, and contains many exceptionable Clauses, which, if passed into a Law, will not only greatly injure and aggrieve the Petitioners, but, by checking the Importation of the Town of Stine, in the same County, and from the Lime and Coal into the said County, be the Means North-East End of The Swan Lane, in the Parish of of putting a Stop to the future Improvement of the Cheltenham, in the same County, to the Turnpike County, and the Establishment of useful Arts and Road leading to Evesham, in the Parish of Sedgbo- Manufactures therein, and thereby diminish the Va-

rough, in the County of Worcester; and from the Town of Winchcomb, in the said Count^of Gloucester,

by a Place called Stamp Cross, to or near the Tenth Mile Stone on the said Turnpike Road, leading from Tewkesbury to Slow aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

lue of the Landed Property of many of the Petitioners, and be.jattended with manifest Injustice to the Farmers, who have entered into Engagements for their Farms, with the View of having it in their

o

Power to improve them in such a Manner as to enable them to pay their Rents, which the proposed Bill tends to defeat: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for

,. repealing

Vs

32 Geo. III.

27° Ma

605

with an Amendment.

repealing an Act, 1 of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of " Berwick, at or near Banghouse Walls, to Compton's

" Lanes and Eymouth, and from the Town of

"to Eymouth, and from Muir, to Comptons

" Lanes, in the county of : " and for repair-

ing, widening, and amending several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour, in the said County of Berwick, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

have reed A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and ^ave agree ’Mr. Spranger:

Yoxford and Mr Speaker, n.„ .

Aldebureh i he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Road Bill, ’ Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-' pair, the several Roads or branches of Road, leading from the Parishes of Yoxford, and

Benhall',in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Al-deburgh in the said County; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Bill for ren- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An 'v nts'Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the imis,a&c\* Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs " of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a " Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; and for " the more easy trying and determining the Rights of " Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Botoughs;" with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew-An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term of Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greata Bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term of Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greata Bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

more effectual, with. Amendments.

Middleton Tyas Lane and Bowes Road Bill passed.

Leeds and An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Wakefield Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirty-first Year of

Road Bill King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of His

passed. present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Buncombe, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Broad well Mr. Richard Master reported from the Committee

reported! *1 whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

Vo I. 47.

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish ol Broadwell, in the County of Gloucester, was committed:' That the Committee had examined, 'and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report ' to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Richard Master reported from the Committee, Ttirkdcan into whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, reported, within the Parish of Turkdean, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ' ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain North Grim. Open Fields and Grounds within the Parish of North stonlnclo^ure Grimston, in the East Riding of the County of York, Will passed, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to enable the Vicar to grant Leases of the Land allotted to him.

1 And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by w ay of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Grounds within the Parish of North Grimston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That the Lord Bor, cnedo carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Wor- Petition cester, and the Suburbs thereof, was presented to the Wor' House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill has been 'r*

brought into Parliament for the Purpose of uniting the several Parishes in the said City, and to enable them to borrow 12,000l. to erect a House of Industry for the several Parishes, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners submit, that such a Bill is wholly unnecessary for the said City and Suburbs, and that the present Laws for the Government of the Poor, particularly an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Twenty-second of

7 P His

606

27° Martii. A. 1792.

His present Majesty, are wholly adequate to that Purpose; and that the several Parishes in the said City did Twice unite under the said Act made in the Reign of Queen and established a general

Workhouse for the said several Parishes, and, after every Exertion on the Part of the Guardians to support the Measur, a general Workhouse was found to be prejudicial to the said several Parishes, and was therefore abandoned each Time as unnecessary for, and prejudicial to, the said City and Suburbs; and that the said City and Suburbs are already heavily burthened with local Taxes, and the passing of the present Bill will add to those Burthens, and be a heavy Grievance upon the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester, and of such Parishes as are Part within the City of Worcester, and Purt within the County of Worcester and of the Parish of Michael in Bedwardine, in the County of Worcester, and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of such Parishes, be read a Second Time.

Trevetlin A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable and Newport Cut or Canal, from, or from some Place near,

Canal Bill iiexeynydd, into the River at or near the Town

commi e . Newport, and a Navigable Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Farm, to,

or near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Navigable Cuts or Canals, to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Gould, Bcc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Nith River A Bill for regulating and improving the Salmon fishery Bill. Fishery in the River Nin the County of Dumfries, commuted. was rea(] §econ(J Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Miller, Mr. William McDowall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Loid Sem- A Petition of Hugh Lord Sempill was presented to pill’s Petition the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the a^amst Ren- Renfrew Turnpike Bill, now before the House, there irew oa a Qause to empower the Trustees for the Roads to change the Line of the Road from Renfrexo to Greenock, by Crosshill, and to give them a discretionary Power to carry it nearer to the Petitioners House than the present Road, whereby the Petitioner will be much aggrieved: And therefore praying, That he may be allowed to be beard, by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock by and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and the Bridge at Inchinnan, and for more effectually making and repairing and altering the Course of the said Road from Renfrew to Greenock, and for making and repairing other Roads connecting the rewith, and leading to and from Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, and the Branches thereof, and for shutting up Bye Roads that are useless to the Public, is committed;. and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel,

before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, G rt to whom the Petition of Robert Forbes, of Gosport, Bridge Peti in the County of Southampton, Merchant, was re- tion referred; That the Committee had examined, and Portt(1-found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had not been complied with, the Party making the Application not being apprized of the Necessity of giving the Notices therein required; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Nathaniel Gilmore being examined, said, That great Inconvenience having been experienced by the Public in general, and more particularly by the Officers and others belonging to His Majesty’s Hospital at Haslar, in the County of Southampton, for Want of a Bridge over a certain Salt Water Lake branching from the Harbour of Portsmouth to the Village of Alverstoke, the Petitioner stated this Matter to the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt Seamen, to whom he made a Proposal to build a Bridge over the said Lake, and to permit the Officers and others belonging to the said Hospital to pass over the same, on being paid the like Salary that was allowed to the Ferryman employed for that Purpose; to which Proposal the said Commissioners agreed; and, in consequence of the said Agreement, the Petitioner began to erect, and has now nearly completed, a good substantial Brick Bridge, sufficient for the Passage of Carriages, as well as Foot Passengers, over the said Lake.

And the Witness further said, That the said Bridge will be of great public Benefit and Convenience to those belonging to the said Hospital, and also to all Persons having Occasion to resort thereto, the only Method hitherto of Conveyance for Foot-Passengers over the said Lake having been in Boats, which are frequently prevented passing by the Lowness of the Water, or from bad Weather; and Carriages have always been under the Necessity of going round from Gosport, through Alverstoke, in order to get to the Hospital, which is a Distance of near Three Miles. — And he added, that the building and finishing of the said Bridge will be attended with a very considerable Expence.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Southampton, and in Three Newspapers, to be printed or circulated in the said County in this present Month of March, and in the Month of April, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Bill for enabling Robert Forbes, of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, Merchant, to erect and finish a Bridge across the Lake called Stoke or Haslar Lake, in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Estates, adjoining, or near to, a certain Stream or River, called Kyme £au, in the 5

County

32 Geo. III. 27° Marti. 607

County of Lincoln, and lying within the Boundaries of the Second District, ascertained, specified, and described, in an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for drain- ing and preserving certain Low Lands, called The " Fens, lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the " County of Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from the " High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the " Borough of Boston, to the Sea," on Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, Grounds, and Estates, within the said Second District, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, along the Course of Sleaford Mill Stream and Kyme Eau, to i the River Witham, at or near Chappel Hill, in the same

County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effect- ing the said Navigation; and Setting forth, That the

1 said Lands and Grounds consist of upwards of 20,000

1 Acres, and, in case the said proposed Navigation should be carried into Execution, agreeable to the Purport and Tenor of the said Bill, certain ancient Rights, which the Petitioners conceive to be expressly confirmed to ! them by the said recited Act, would be invaded, and

t the said Lands and Grounds be greatly injured and

reduced in Value: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by their Counsel, at the Committee on: the said Navigation Bill, or at the Bar of the House,

against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said f Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard,

A by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon

iij their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

to- mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at

is the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against

rri the said Petition.

" Renfrew," so far as the said Act relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from The Forth to The Clyde., was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to Manchester whom the Petition of the Boroughreeves, Constables, and Salford and principal Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester ^,ee and Salford (lying contiguous to each other) in the 1 1 r County of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and th^t the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for cleansing and " lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within " the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County " of Lancaster, and for providing Fire Engines and

" Fire Men, and for preventing Annoyances within " the said Towns," was read: And,

ul*

j;s Renfrew Statute Labour Bill reported.

Er;t

ns*

la;

a

jt-F»

id

1*1,1

ts

ill#

a*:

litas*

ed,

Qlli> Glasgow and

alb Yoker Bridge

Dtfi1 Roads Bill

P reported.

lititf1 11" *if

Eli*. tllliff3

Eii?

1

jpri^r

C#

Mr. Shaw Stewart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Shaw Steicart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term of Two Acts, made in ‘‘ the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City " of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads " from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew " Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of " Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbals to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of and

Vol. 47.

Mr. Joseph Booth being examined, said, That, in pursuance thereof, the Towns of Manchester and Salford have, from Time to Time, been regulated; but that the Powers thereby granted are insufficient for the Purposes intended, and it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and new Powers granted to effectuate the several Objects of the present Application.

That the said Towns have very much increased in Population and Extent of Buildings, and many of the Streets and other public Passages are 'narrow, inconvenient, and unsafe for Travellers and Carriages, and are subject to various Nuisances and Annoyances, on Account of which Accidents frequently happen; and there is no Provision in the said Act for, widen* ing and repairing the Streets, or removing Obstructions and Annoyances:

That it will be of Convenience and Advantage to the Inhabitants, if Powers were granted for watching and watering the Streets, and for providing Fire Engines and other Requisites, with a sufficient Number of Firemen properly appointed; and if Regulation* were made for the Prevention of Accidents by Fire: And it would also be of Advantage if Hackney Coaches and Chairs were to be licensed and regulated, and proper Rules provided for the Regulation of Carmen and Porters: — That there are certain public Weighing Engines, which, if regulated, would likewise be of Advantage to the Inhabitants: — That the Town is liable to bfe burthened by Vagrant Poor coming to lodge there, and great Benefit would arise from the licensing public Lodging Houses: — That it would tend to the Peace of the Inhabitants, and facilitate the Execution of the Police, if a proper Place was

to

Bolton Paving, & c. Petitions re< ported.

to be provided for the Deputy Constable, and also a House and Guard Rooms for the Military, which may from Time to Time reside in the Town; and if such further Powers were granted as shall be necessary for the effectual Regulation of the said Towns.

And the Witness added, That, in widening the Streets, it will be necessary and expedient to take down the Exchange, and to lay open the Site thereof for the Use of the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Towns of Manchester and Salford, " in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for preventing Annoyances within the said Towns," and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and for watching the said Towns, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and regulating Carmen and Porters, for widening and rendering more convenient several of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, for opening Communications with some of such Streets, and for regulating Party Walls within the said Towns, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Eduard Earl of Derby, and the humble Petition of Sir Henry Bridgman, Baronet, John Blackburne, James Lever, and Samuel Crook, Esquires, John llidgzcay, Ann Crompton, Thomas Ainsworth, Thomas Naylor, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and the other Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, within the Parish of Bolton, in the County of Lancaster-, and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants of the Towns of Great Bolton and Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, and Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. William Maire being examined, said, That the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Towns of Great and Little Bolton, are not properly cleansed and lighted, and are subject to various Encroachments and Annoyances, and in some Parts are narrow and incommodious; and that it would be a great Benefit to all Persons resorting to the said Towns, if the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, were properly cleansed, lighted, and rendered commodious, and the Encroachments and Annoyances removed — That the said Towns are very ill supplied with Water, and it would tend greatly to the Health, Safety, and Convenience of the Inhabitants thereof, if Powers were given for forming proper Reservoirs and other necessary Works for supplying the said Towns with good and wholesome Water, as well for domestic Purposes as for extinguishing of Fires that may happen therein; and also for providing Engines and Eiremen — And he added, That the Streets, Lanes, and Passages in Great Bolton are very ill paved: And further said, That there are several Commons and Waste Grounds with-

in the Manor of Great Bolton, which, at present, afford little or no Profit or Advantage to the Persons entitled thereto, but are capable of great Improvement; and if the same were divided and inclosed, and if, after allotting certain Parts thereof to the Lords of the Manor, the rest was sold on a perpetual Annual Chief Rent, and the Money thereby to be raised, and the Yearly Rent thereof applied towards improving and regulating the said Town of Great Bolton as aforesaid, and iu Aid of the Poor Rates there, and also, in widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and watering the said Town, and for better regulating the Market, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and if a Rate or Assessment was made upon the Inhabitants of both the said Towns, for carrying into Execution and supporting the same, it would be of great Utility and Benefit, as well to the Lords of the Manor aforesaid, as also to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Manors of Great and Little Bolton.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Maire being further examined, said, That it would be a great Accommodation to the said Towns of Great and Little Bolton, if Power was given lor licensing Hackney Coaches within and for certain Distances round the said Towns; and for providing a proper and convenient Home for the Deputy Constables of the said Towns, where they might keep their Offices, and manage the Business of their Places; and also for removing and regulating Pipes or Funnels placed on the Outsides of Houses for the Conveyance of Smoke, and to regulate the Construction of Chimnies and Fire Places, of Fire and Steam Engines, and other Manufactories, within the said Towns; and also, to pave and watch the Streets withiiv the said Town of Little Bolton.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Great and

Little Bolton, and for supplying the said Towns with Water, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs within the said Towns: And that Mr. Blackb and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Commits making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from onKirkby KirkbyKendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and forperson}i also a Navigable Branch from the said intended-Ca- papers, and nal, at or near Bonvick, to or near Warton Cragg, and Records, also another Navigable Branch, from, at, or near, Ga/emoss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, to Horncastle whom the Petition of the Mayors and Corporations Navigation of the City of Lincoln and the Town of Boston, and the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, and others, residing at Lincoln, Boston, and Horncastle, and the Country adjacent thereto, within the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed liirti to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in Place, and

afterwards

t

x

Js

3

k

IS

ir

ir

ie

1

is

I'?:'

Uk Buckingham & and Han well Road Bill rn reported.

h

!. Si

lilt

i,t 12 Di iic i

[vior1: ia ob r, ai ed (*

for, $ Day ap-r- pointed for j Second Read- ing of St.

[ U" Botolph An-1, nuitants Bill.

ora:^. on,&<

ofe-

and-

Accounts of Revenues, lee. of the East India

ol:1? iaJ01'

ted*3

Company — and Letters from Sir A. Campbell, presented.

32 Geo. III. 27° Martii. 609

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jcssop being examined, said, That if the Stream or River called Th Bain, and the several Branches thereof, from the Town of to the

River Witham, through the several Parishes or Town-

ships of Horncastle, Thornton, Scrielsby, Martin, -derby, Wroughton, Haltham on the Bain, Tumby, tershall, and Coningsby, to the Junction thereof with the River Witham, at or near a Place called,

within the said Parish of Coningsby, were made navigable for Barges and other Vessels, and the present Navigable Communication between the River Witham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge in the

City of Lincoln, amended and made complete, great Benefit and Advantage would arise to the Land Owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Boston and Horncastle and the Country adjacent, and the same would greatly tend to the Increase of Trade and Commerce, and be of Public Utility. — And the Witness added, That if a Bill or Bills were passed for the above Purposes, an useful and commodious Navigation might be effected.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Navigable the River and the Branches

thereof, from the Town of H, to the Junction of the said River with the River at or near a

Place called Dogdike, and for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the said River Witham and the Canal, through the

High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, all in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Harrison, Mr. Anderson Pelham, and Sir John Thorold, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Marquis of Titchfield reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending

o O

Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham, to the North Extent of the Parish of Hamcell, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Botolph without in the

City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a New Workhouse, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N* l. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Cus-Vol. 47-

toms, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, far Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, anil in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 3. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy. Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1790-01. and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and;

distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium for the said Year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 6. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms or Licences, for the Year 1790-91, and of the Charges defrayed in the same Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, so far as the same can be made up: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and

7 Q Customs,

610 27° Martii. A. 1792.

East India Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest N° 19. An Abstract Account of the Receipts and

Accounts and Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the Disbursements of the Madras Government, between Papen" same: And also, the 30th of April 1790 and the 1st of May 1791:

N° 9. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of And also, A

" the Honourable House of Commons, of 13th March N° 20. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order " 1792, requiring a Comparison of the Estimated " of the Honourable House of Commons, of 13th " and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East " March 1792, requiring an Abstract Account of the " India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and " Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Gothe Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads " vernment, between the 30th of April 1790 and the " of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms and Li- " 1st of May 1791:" And also,

" cences, for the Year 1790-91, and of the Charges N" 21. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock,

" defrayed for the same Year by the said Company, exhibiting a State of the Company’s Affairs, in respect " in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguish- to their Debts and Assets, as they stood at the Presiing the same respectively under the several Heads dencies of Fort , Fort Saint , and

" of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifi- Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough,

" cations, and collecting the Revenues and Customs and Factory of , on the 30th Day of April 1701:

And also, And also,

N° 10 (a). An Account of the Annual Charges N'° 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes defrayed by the East India Company, for the Manage- purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the inent of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Year 1790-91, together with the Commercial Charges at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be each Presidency not added to the Invoice: And also, distinguished from the Civil or other Charges re- N° 23. An Account of the Balance of Cash which spectively, for Three Years, according to the latest remained in the Treasury of the East India Company Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: on the 1st of March 1791, and of their Receipts and

And also, Payments in England, from the 1st Day of March 1791

N° 10 (b). An Account of the Expences of the Re- to the 1st Day of March 1792; together with an sidency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, for Estimate of the Receipts and Payments, from the 1st Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together Day of March 1792 to the 1st Day of March 1793: with the latest Estimate of the same: And also, And also,

N° 10 (c). An Account of the Expences of the N" 24. An Account of the Sales of Goods from The Island of Saint Helena, and the Factory of Canton, for East Indies between the 1st of March 1791 and the Three Years, according to the latest Advices: And 1st of March 1792, and the Amount of Customs, also, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, paid and to be

N° 11. Abstract of the Estimate of the probable paid thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Govern- Sales of East India Goods, from the 1st of March incut, from the 30th of April 1791 to the 1st of May 1792 to the- 1st of March 1793, and the Amount of 1792: And also, Customs, Freight,' and Charges of Merchandize, to be

N° 12. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources paid thereout: And also, and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from N° 25. An Account of the Sales of Goods from the 30th of April 1791 to the 1st of May 1792: China, between the 1st of March 1791 and the 1st

And also, of March 1792, and the Amount of Customs, Freight,

N° 13. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of and Charges of Merchandize, paid and to be paid " the Honourable House of Commons, of 13th March thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected " 1792, requiring an Abstract of the Estimate of the Sales of China Goods, from the 1st of March 1792 " probable Resources and Disbursements of the to the 1st of March 1793, and the Amount of Cus-

" Government, from the 30th Day of April 1791 to toms, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid " the 1st Day of May 1792 :" And also, thereout: And also,

N° 14. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of N° 26. Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the the Honourable House of Commons, of 13th March East India Company in Great Britain, as the same " 1792, requiring a General Abstract of the Estimates stood on the 1st Day of March 1792: And also,

" of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the N* 27. A Statement of the Debts of the East " Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred

" Bombay, between the 30th Day of April 1791 and from India, agreeable to the Orders of the 15th

" the 1st Day of May 1792 And also, September 178.5 and the 31st July 1787) and a State-

N" 1.5. An Account of the Amount received at the ment of the Effects of the Company in England, and several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, a-float Outward, as they stood on the 1st Day of March and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, 1792: together with an Account of the Balance of and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within Quick Stock in China, according to the latest Advices: the last Three Years respectively, according to the And also,

latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the N° 28. An Account of Stock, per Computation, of same: And also, the East India Company on the 1st Day of March

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing 1792: And also, by the East India Company at their several Presidencies N° 29. An Account of the Prime Cost, and Sale

in The East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Amount, of such Goods from India and China, as have

Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, been sold at the East India Company’s Sales, between and the Annual Amount of such Interest; And also, the 1st Day of March 1791 and the 1st Day of March N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts sub- 1792; distinguishing Quantity and Quality, in the scribed in India, between the , 30th Day of April 1790 Total or Abstract: And also,

and the 1st Day of May 1791, agreeable to the Orders . N* 30. A Copy of the separate Letter on the Fi-of the 15th September 1785, and 31st July 1787; nances of India, from the Court of Directors to the And also, Governor General in Council at Bengal, dated the 4th

N° 18. Abstract Account of Receipts and Disburse- of August 1791: And also, inents of the Bengal Government, between 30th Apri N° 1. Copies of Letters from the late Sir Archi* 179° aQd the 1st May 1791: And also, bald Campbell to the Rajah of Travancore, dated 5th,

v I7»by

1

32 Geo.

27° Afartii.

611

4

BilLfor the lincourage-ment of Seamen, reported; withdrawn; and another ordered.

k

ts

m

iti:

: ffil Mi B'i )it>

bej£

s 02

ieiS Bill for pre-), venting 2tkt Frauds in

&A ?a>'me,t of

Seamen’s

*7 Wages,*. aS#1 reported.

.aned

tJb»

inti

ajJ"

in S

fir

15 5*

r

Bill for unending If Laws renting to

17th, and 30th April, and 12th August 1788: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the late Sir Archibald Campbell to Brigade Major Bannerman, dated 12th August 1788,

Together with Lists of the sepd Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lists were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign* of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the " Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method " for the punctual, trequent, and certain Payment of <c their Wages; and for enabling them more easily u and readily to remit the same for the Support of iC their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds " and Abuses attending such Payments and for further extending the Renefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned-Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty's Ships, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed. That the said Bill would not, in its present Form, effectually answer the Purposes for which it was intended;

Manufactory of Flint Glass: And that Mr. Rose and Flint Glass,

Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same. ordered.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Greenland Reading of the BUI to continue and amend several La\'s *n ‘ 5

relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried t^heii^ Bill on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and to committed, amend the Laws now in Force for the F.ncouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Committee Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present or

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Sale of certain Houses Houses and and Ground belonging to His Majesty," might be Gmund read. belonging to

And the same being read accordingly; Hls Ma^e9ly*

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

o

A Bill to enable His Majesty to make Provision for Bill for the

Ordered, That Leavi- be given to withdraw the said the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke Establish-

and Duchess of ^nd and also to settle an Duke°aod*

Bill, and present another Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary and Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further

Annuity on Her Royal Highness during the Term of Duchessot Her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of York com-His said Royal Highness, in case Her said Royal miUed* Highness shall survive Him, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Fay- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon " ment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allow- the said Bill.

" ances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and " Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported JjcPort. frorn

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

Committee on Reports

Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of was referred to consider of the several Reports, which from the Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, have been presented to this House, from the Com- Board of on Board any of His Majesty's Ships, was committed, missioners appointed to enquire into the State and the Amendments which the Committee had made to Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues e'u ' the Bill, and which they had directed him to report of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Unimproveable Rents, That he was directed by the and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Committee to move the House, That Leave be given ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments to bring in a Bill for the Preservation and further Inhere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, crease of Timber within The New in the County

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put of Sou, and for the Sale of Rents, and the thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements in the said Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill. Forest.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingrossed. ingly.

Ordered, That I-eave be given to bring in a Bill B>11 for l*r«-Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Preservation and further Increase of Timber *erT*tK,n for amending the Laws of Excise, relating to the within The New Forest < in the County of Southampton, New Fores/ Vo L. 47. and ordered.

Martii.

612

A. 1792.

and for the Sale of Rents, and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements, in the said Forest: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee on Bill for preventing Frauds in the Excise with respect lo Sope.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise with respect to the Manufacturing of Sope, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

lteport Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

Laws'w'ho were aPP°*nted to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: M’here the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of IIis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to allow " the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt " free of Duty for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force from the 14th Day of June 1791, until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further.of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ^omm'ttee f^e whole House, to consider of so Conveyance mut'h of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Good*, kc. of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allow-between " ing the Conveyance from the Ports of Southampton Southampton << an(j Portsmouth, to the Port of in the

an owes. jsje Qf Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of " Sheep and Cattle between the said Ports without uCocqucts being taken, or Bonds entered into for " that Purpose; and for extending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles " the Second, for taking Affidavits in the Country, " to be made Use of in the Courts of King’s Bench, " Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the Isle of Man, " and for appointing Ports and Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said Island," as relates to the Conveyance of Goods, Sheep, and Cattle, between the Ports of Southampton, Portsmouth, and Cowes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

; Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Servants from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Characters Bill to prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates Billreponai. of Servants Characters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- committw ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on the Public House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s Jncoimnd most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament as ^xpeiwiww,

I oc c deferred

relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt.

Resolved, Thas this House will, upon Monday Morn- Committ* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole onReponn' House, to consider of the Report which was made Pap*[Hs,;' from the Committee to whom the Petition of Peter tufeV'/pci;-" Bowers and Company, Henry Iand Company, tiondefemi, William Gough, Abraham Hall, Birch and Joseph Knight, John Tootle, John Owen, Joseph Cox, Joseph Reekes and Sharp, George Britton, John Wheeley, Joseph Taylcr, and Benjamin Crompton and Son, the principal Paper Hanging Manufacturers of Great Britain, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,28* die Martii;

Anno 32° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1792.

Pra vers.

A PETITION of the Mayor and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Reading, in the County regulatiig of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was the Slave presented to the House, and read; Praying, That, if Tra e‘ the Slave Trade shall appear to the House to be attended with Cruelty or Oppression, they will adopt such salutary Regulations and Restrictions as they shall deem advisable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

A Petition of the Clergy within the Archdeaconry of fn Abortion Leicester: And also, of the Slave

A Petition of the Heritors, Ministers, and Elders of Trade, the Established Church, Minister and Elders of the Dissenting Congregation, and Heads of Families, of the Parish of Hoddom, in the county of:

And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Beverley, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition

6 J3

A Petition of the thereunto signed Inhabitants of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Fordingbridge, in the County of Southampton: And also, A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ring-wood, in the County of Southampton: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Royal Burgh of Banff, convened to take into their Consideration the African Slave Trade: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of -bum, in the County of Bedford, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Boston, in the County of Lincoln: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town and County of Haverfordwest, convened for that Purpose, in the Town Hall, on Wednesday the 14th Day of March 1792: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Derby: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder Subscribers, Inhabitants of the Parish of Cumbernauld, in the County of Dumbarton, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Warden, and Six Assistants, High Steward, Town Clerk, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the People called Quakers, signed by their Meeting for Sufferings: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Bedford: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Kirkby Stephen, in the County of Westmoreland, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Burgesses of the ancient Borough

o o

Town of North Allerton, in the County of York, together with the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in the said Town, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Market Towns of Bedale, Masham, Leybourn, Middle ham, Asgrigg, and Halves, in the North Riding of the County of York, and Freeholders of the Districts in their respective Neighbourhoods: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Neighbourhood of the Town of Cerne-Abbas, in the County of Dorset: And also,

A Petition of the Town and Neighbourhood of Gillingham, in the County of Dorset;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Grantham A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Bill Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the

commute . £0linty of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near Ratcliffe, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 47.

A Petition of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of Petition the Parish of Saint Michael in Bedzvardine, in the County of Worcester, who are assessed to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill has been brought into the House for the Purpose of uniting the several Parishes in the City of Worcester, and to enable them to borrow Money to erect a large Building for a House of Industry for the Poor of the said Parishes, and the said Parish is included in the said Bill; and that the Parish of Saint Michael in Bedicardine, hath ever been separate from, independent of, and unconnected with, the City of Worcester, in all its Laws and Government, and only subject, in common with the rest of the County of Worcester, to the Regulations of the Justices of the said County, the Parish is small, and the Paymasters chiefly Tenants at Rack Rent, the Poor not exceeding in Number Twelve Persons (Accidents excepted) a Levy of Two Pence in the Pound per Month, for Three Years last past, has been more than sufficient to defray the necessary Expence of the said Parish, including the Relief of the Poor, Quarter Rates, and other incidental Expences, and no Increase thereof is, or can be, apprehended in future, the Poor are well provided for, and well satisfied, having no Complaint to make, the Paymasters do not complain of any heavy Burthens or extravagant Expenditure, but, on the contrary, are well satisfied with their Poor Rates, and only desire to remain as they are, and the Parishioners universally acknowledge that they are the least burthened with Poor Rates of any Parish in the Neighbourhood, as they have and enjoy many local Advantages and Cha- rities; and that the Petitioners, on the 12th Day of February, were informed of the Intention of uniting the said Parish with the said City, for the Purpose of establishing a General House of Industry, at which Time Notice was given that a Meeting of the Parishioners would be held at the Parish Church of Saint Michael, to take into Consideration the Propriety of establishing a General House of Industry for the Poor of the said City, and of uniting the said Parish with the said City, at which Meeting it was resolved unanimously, that such House of Industry, so far as respected the said Parish of Saint Michael, was altogether unnecessary and useless, and, if carried into Execution, would be injurious and ruinous to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and increase the Taxes to an immoderate Burthen; and that the Petitioners submit, that the raising of 12,000l. for the Purposes of the said intended Act, for which the Poors Rates are to be mortgaged, is a very large Sum of Money, that the erecting a House of Industry is a Matter of Speculation, as it is by no Means certain such a House wiil answer the End proposed, it having been tried Twice for the said City, and failed each Time for want of a sufficient Number of Persons to be employed therein who were able to work, and, that the Statute of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, Cap. 83, gives all requisite Powers to carry the good Intentions of the Humane into Execution, therefore there is no Necessity for the present Bill: And therefore praying, That the said intended Bill may not be permitted to pass into a Law, or that every Word and Clause therein contained, tending to affect the said Parish of Saint Michael in Bcduardine, be expunged therefrom, and the said Parish left independent of, and unconnected with, the said City, or the said intended Bill.

A Petition of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of Petition from the Parish of Saint Peter the Great, who pay to the the Parish 01* Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and t^ttein^r^ter of the Owners of Land within the said Parish, was also against presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Bill, a Bill has been brought into Parliament for the Purpose of uniting the several Parishes in the City of

7 R Worcester,

28° Ma

A. 1792.

Worcester, and to enable them to borrow Money to erect a large Building for a House of Industry for the Poor of the said Parishes, including the said Parish of Saint Peter; and that there is a Workhouse within the said Parish, which has been furnished at a very large Expence, that the Poor Persons within such House are kept clean, well provided for, and are happy under their present Governor, Reading being regularly taught to the Children, and every Attention paid to their Morals, the Poor Persons within the House, who are able to work, are fully employed, and proper Persons kept to teach them such Branches of the Glove and other Manufactories as their Strength and Capacity will best admit of, and the Petitioners do not complain of any extravagant Expenditure, and conceive that no better System can be adopted for the good Government of the Poor of the said Parish; and that the following Notice was given in the Parish Church of Saint Peter on the 22d Day of January last, " Notice is hereby given, that a Parish Meeting will be held on Wednesday next, at Two o'Clock " in the Afternoon, in order to take into Consideration the Propriety of this Parish uniting with other " Parishes of this City in establishing a General House "of Industry for the Poor of all such Parishes, and " to authorize Delegates either to agree with the " Measures adopted by the Committee for that Purpose, or to reject the same, as the Sense of this Parish should then determine," and, in pursuance thereof, a Parish Meeting was held at the Vestry in the said Parish Church on the 25th Day of the same Month, to take into Consideration the said intended Bill, at which Meeting the greatest Part of the Parishioners of the said Parish attended, and it was then decided, by a Majority of Forty-five, that the said Parishioners, having duly considered the said Bill, did reject the same as unnecessary for the said Parish, and did then appoint Mr. Henry Martin and Mr. Robert Tandems, to inform the Committee appointed to conduct such Bill, that the Parish did reject the same, and such Order was accordingly entered in the Parish Book, and signed by the Parishioners at the said Meeting, and the said Henry Martin and Robert kins, in pursuance of such Order, waited upon the said Committee, and informed them of the Sentiments of the Parish, and at the same Time delivered unto them a Copy of the Order that was entered in the Parish Book, and notwithstanding the most regular

7 " O

Proceedings were had for obtaining the Sense of the

o o

Parishioners who pay to the Poor of the said Parish, and the Manner in which the Opinion of the said Parish was delivered to the said Committee, they were determined to put the Petitioners to a large Expence, and to force them to apply to Parliament, for Relief, contrary to the Will and Approbation of the said Parishioners; and that the Petitioners submit, that the raising of 12,000l. for the Purposes of the said intended Act, for which the Poors Rates are to be mortgaged, is a very large Sum of Money, that the erecting a House of Industry for the said City is a Matter of Speculation, as it is by no Means certain such a House will answer the End proposed, it having been tried Twice in the said City, and tailed each Time for want of a sufficient Number of Persons who were able to work to be employed therein, and, that the Statute of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, Cap. 83, contains all requisite Powers to carry the good Intentions of the Humane into Execution, and at the same Time omits the heavy Pains and Penalties contained in the said Bill; and that the Petitioners Poors Rates are Very easy, and any Alteration in the present System for the Management and Maintenance of their Poor will be injurious to the Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That the said intended Bill may not be permitted to pass into a Law, or that every Word and Clause therein contained, tending, to affect the said Parish of Saint Peter, may be expunged therefrom, and that the said Parish may be independent of, and unconnected with, the other Parishes named in the said intended Bill, and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, against the same.

And the said Petitions were severalty ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester, and of such Parishes as are Part within the City . of Worcester, and Part within the County of Worcester, and of the Parish of Michael

in Bedwardine, in the County of Worcester, and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of such Parishes, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Per- PershorePe-shore, in the County of Worcester, and its Environs, tition fora was presented to the House, and read; Complaining TaX on®°£s-of Losses sustained by the great Number of Dogs kept in the said Town and Neighbourhood; and recommending a Tax upon Persons keeping Dogs, to be applied in Aid of the Poor’s Rates.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Penn Inn the Petition of several of the Trustees of the Axndnster ant* Hooiton and IIonilonTurnpike Roads, and of the several other

Persons, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being 10‘ireport Owners of Estates, or residing, in the Counties of Devon,

Dorset, and Somerset, and in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act. passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Intrenchment called Askerw Ilill, opposite tb ChilcombeFarm, through the Town of Bridport, to Penn Inn, and trom to the Town

of Beaminster, in the County of Dorset, and also the

Road trom Penn Inn aforesaid, through the Town of

7

Axndnster, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Tow n of Honiton, in the County of Devon; and also, another Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the before mentioned Act as relates to the Road from Penn Iin the County of Dorset, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and to the Road from the Intrenchment on AskencellHill to Penn Inn, and from Bridport to Beaminster, and for repairing and amending several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, were read; whereby the Roads, therein directed to be repaired and kept in Repair, were divided into Four Districts: And,

George Smith, Esquire, being examined, said, That a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the Roads in the Third and Fourth Districts in the said last Act mentioned, and that a considerable Sum of Money is now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken upon the Roads contained in the said Third and Fourth Districts, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Then

32 Geo. III. 28° Martii.

615

Then an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving or otherwise improving the Town of Hon in the County of Devon, was read, whereby several Pieces of Road, in or near the Town of Honiton, were put under the Care of the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, and the Trustees under the said Two first mentioned Acts were discharged from the Care and Management thereof, and from all Power and Authority over the same.

Mr. Smith being further examined, said. That the Road, from Quandoe's Gate home to the Lyme Regis Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Whitechurch corum, and also the Road from the Old Inn in ton home to the Lyme Regis Turnpike Road, at or near Hangmans Stone, and from the White Hart Inn in Ax-minster home to the Lyme Regis Turnpike Road, near Boswell Hill Turnpike Gate, and also a Line of Communication with the Axmouth Road, from Long Mead Lane to Lords Corner, and also the Road from the Cheeseway Ash Branch of Road to the Taunton Turnpike Road, leading through are in many Parts

greatly out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law.

And, being further examined, he said. That the Roads leading from Cross Lane as far as the Lyme Turnpike Road leading from Ottery Saint Mary to Straightway Head, and from thence up Fair Mile Hill to the Way Post in the Parish of in the Road lead-

ing to the City of Exeter, and branching from the said Road in the Town of Sa Mary Ottery, by Mile Inn to Straightway Head, otherwise Head, in the said Parish oi IVhin the said County of Devon, are at present a Part of the Axminsler and Lyme Regis Turnpike Roads, and that it would be beneficial to the Trustees for those Roads, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Honiton Turnpike Trustees. — And the Witness further added, That it would greatly facilitate the Execution of the said Acts, if the same were consolidated and comprized in One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the l-’itth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to or near to Shipley Lane, in the Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and divers other Roads, forming the Second, Third, and Fourth Districts of the Roads therein mentioned, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Quundocs Gate, in the County of Dorsetover towards the Lyme Regis Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hawkchurch and Whitechurch , and several other Roads, in the Counties of Dorset,

and Somerset; And that Mr. Rolle, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Bastard, and Sir Jo Am William de la Pole, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth and I liirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor making a Road from the City of G/asgou> to the Town of Airdrie, in the County of Lanerk, and also a Road from the said Town of Airdrie to a Place called New House, in the Parish of Shotts, in the same County, were read: And,

William Hamilton, Esquire, being examined, said.

That the Trustees appointed under the said Acts are consenting that the Piece of Road leading from Airdrie to a Place called Baillieston, to the West ot peller, now under their Care, should be put under the Management and repaired by the Trustee.^ to be appointed for carrying into Execution a Bill now depending in the House for making, amending widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and , by the

Town oi Bathgate, to Airdrie, in the County of Lanerk, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Two Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for building a Bridge over the Water of Avon at Torph ichenJ\lilt; and also, that the Piece of Road from Airdrie to Nexchouse should be kept in Repair at the joint Expence of the Trustees under the said Acts and the Trustees to be appointed by the said Bill, or by an equal Division of the said Roads between the said Trusts.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the ('onlines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linhthby flic Town of Bathgate, to Airdrie, in the County of Lanerk, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Two Branches of Road lrom the said Line of Road, and for building a Bridge over the Water of Avon at Torphichen Mill, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending.

m # # 9 (V

widening, and keeping in Repair, that Part of the Road, from Glasgow to Airdrie, which leads lrom Airdrie to a Place called Baillieston, to the West of Drum-peller, and the Road from Airdrie to Nexchouse.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and Peterborough keeping in Repair, the Road leading from and Thorney

Bridge, in the City of Peterborough, to the Town of ’,l11 Thorney, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, P'lSSC and for altering the Course of some Part of the said Road, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 5. To leave out u May," and insert

" June" instead thereof.

Pr. 45. 1. 29. To leave out " May," and insert " June" instead thereof.

itional tion to ood and rie

Is Bill ted.

Mr. John Hope reported from the Committee, to And the said Amendments were, upon the Question whom the Petition of William APDowall, Esquire, of severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and Garthland, an Owner of Land and Freeholder in the the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

County of Lanerk, and of Sir Charles Ross, Baronet, Resolved, I hat the Bill do pass: And that the Title and Adam Inglis, Esquire, eldest Sons and Heirs Ap- be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in

parent of Owners of Land or Freeholders in the County Repair, the Road leading lrom Bridge, in

of Lanerk, and the other Persons whose Names are the City of , to the Town of Thorney, in

thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Com- the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for mittee had examined, and found that the Standing altering the ( ourse of some Part of the said Road.

Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, bad Ordered, ihat Mr. Benyon do carry the Bill to the

been complied with; and that the Committee had ex- Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

amined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di*

rected him to report the same, as it appeared to them, Mr. Tempest reported from the Committee, to whom Bowes ami to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; the Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and SunderLmi and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and Roa<1 H‘11 Vo i. 47. passed "pamd-

28° Martii. A. 1792.

passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Bences, in the County of York, to Barnard , in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Stain-drop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb-Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence, by Melderston-Gill, otherwise Cowndon-Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lords Ordered, That the Amendment made by the Lords

Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, to Yoxford and keeping in Repair, the several Roads or Branches bur >h Hoad R°ad, leading from the Parishes of Yoxford, Sax-Bin agreed mundham, and Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to the

to. Town of Aldeburgh, in the said County, be now taken

into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 36. 1. 10. After " Act" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted, That " the Principal Money to arise " from the Sale of any Lands " Tenements, or Hereditaments,

" which shall be purchased for " the Purposes of this Act, of " any Bodies Politic, Corporate,

" or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in " Trust, Guardians, Committees,

" or other Trustees, or from any " Feme Covert, or Femes Coverts,

" or other incapacitated Person or " Persons, shall be paid to such " Person or Persons as they shall " respectively nominate to receive " the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed, to be re-invested " in the Purchase of other Lands,

" Tenements, and Hereditaments,

" which shall be conveyed and " settled to and upon, and subject " to, the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, wh h " shall be purchased from them " respectively by the said Trustees " and their Successors, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the Time of such the " purchasing the same, or so many " thereof as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements shall be existing or capable of taking Effect."

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 11th Day of April, in the

last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House on taking into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Alcester and Evesham Turnpike Road at the End of Wixford Lane, in the County of Warwick, to Chipping Campden, and from thence to Upton Old Lane, in the County of Gloucester; together with the Special Entry made thereupon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Amendment was read a Second Time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dudley North do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Wyrley ud Navigable Canal from, or from near, Wyrley Bank, in Wolwhuip. the County of Stafford, to communicate with the Bir- .

minghamCanal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 63.1. 15. After " upon" to insert " the whole " or."

1. 17. To leave out from "Ton" to " and" in 1. 18.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title i be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, Wyrley Bank, in the County of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the TurUanlt-Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable closnnBii Lands, within the Parish of Turkdean, in the County PasstJ' of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Turkdean, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the BroaiM Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- M<w;' mon Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, p*ssei within the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for exe- Corns* curing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copies of the Correspondence between the Admi- noutk-k ralty, Navy, Victualling Boards, and Board of Ord-Jrewlt nance, with Messieurs Jones and Gray, and John Call,

Esquire,

32 Geo. III. 28° Martiil 617

Esquire, in or about the Year 1781, relative to the Proposal of bringing Water into Plymouth Pock, viz.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Messieurs Jones and Gray, dated 4th February 1781.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to the Board of Ordnance; dated 16th February 1781.

A Book, intituled, " A Copy of the Corrcspondence between the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy and the Right " Honourable the Lords Commissioners of the " Admiralty, Messieurs Jones and Gray, John " Call, Esquire, and others, relative to the Proposal of bringing Water into Plymouth Dock."

A Book, intituled, " Copies of Correspondence " between the Admiralty, Navy, Victualling " Board, and Board of Ordnance, with John " Call, Esquire, in or about the Year 1781, " relative to the Proposal of bringing Water " into Plymouth Dock:" And also,

Copies of the Correspondence between the Admiralty and Navy Boards with Thomas Bryer, Esquire, in the Years 1789, 1790, and 1791, relative to the Proposal of bringing Water into Plymouth Dock;

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Thomas Bryer to Mr.

Stephens; dated the 28th of June 1790.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty, to Mr. Thomas Bryer; dated 8th March 1791.

A Book, intituled, " Copies of Correspondence " between the Admiralty and Navy Boards, " with Thomas Bryer, Esquire, in the Years " 1789, 1790, and 1791, relative to the Proposal of bringing Water into Plymouth Dock And also,

Copies of the Correspondence between the Ordnance, Admiralty, and Navy Boards, since the Beginning of the Year 1789, relative to Mr. Warrens, Proposal of bringing Water into Plymouth Dock; viz.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Mr Secre-

tary of the Admiralty, to the Navy Board; dated 18th March 179c.

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty, to Mr. Warren; dated 19th March 1790.

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Navy Board to Mr. Stephens;dated 29th March 1790.

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Richmond, Master General of the Ordnance, to the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; dated 31st May 1791.

N° 5. Copy of Messieurs Warren and Company’s Proposal for bringing Water to Plymouth Dock Yard; dated 31st May 1791.

Together with Lists of the said Papers and Books.

And the said Lists were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Books be referred to the Committee, to whom it is referred to examine the Reports which were made from the Committees to whom the Petition of William Warren, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others; and also, the Petition of Thomas Bryer, in Behalf of himself and others, were severally referred.

The said Papers and Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Carl-

Drainage

ttion

tried.

Mr. Anderson Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Willoughby de Broke, Thomas Stinton, Doctor in Divinity, Rector of Great Carlton, in the County of Lincoln, John Forster, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Low Lands and Fen Grounds in the said Parish of Great Carlton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it Vol. 47.

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Samuel Turner being examined, said, That there is a Tract of Low Land or Fen Grounds within the said Parish, containing 1,220 Acres and upwards, which Lands, for Want of a proper Drainage, are liable to Inundation in wet Seasons; and that if the same were effectually drained they would become much more productive, and greatly increase in Value, to the immediate Benefit of the Proprietors, and to the ultimate Advantage of the Community.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually draining certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Great Carlton, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Anderson Pelham and Sir John Thorold do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending Two Buckingham Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, so far 1

as relates to repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the North Extent of the Parish of Hamcell, in the County of O.ford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the North Extent of the Parish of in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Tichfield do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Uflington mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, |'Tlosure and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the 1 ,)aM

County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing a permanent Fund Keelmen. for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, P**d' employed on the River Wear, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, employed in the Coal Trade on the River Wear, in the County of Durham, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do make the Report from Montgome-the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clergy- T7>&c- P°or men, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Land Owners, and Inhabitants of the several Parishes of P Montgomery, Kerry, Llandyssil, Ll

Buttington, Pool, Woolstanmine, and for den, in the County of Montgomery, the Township of Aston (Parcel of the Parish of lydham) in the said County, the Township

7 S of

618

of Castlewright (Parcel of the Parish of Mains tone) in the said County, the Parish of in the County of Salop, and the several Parishes of Churchstoke and Hyssington, in the said Counties of Montgomery artd Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Inhabitants of the Said Parishes and Townships; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants within the Parish of Worthin, in the County of Salop, were severally referred.

Mr. Biirdon accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Edmund Edye being examined, said, That the Poor within the said Parishes and Townships are very numerous, and are supported and maintained at a great Expence, which has for many Years been rapidly increasing — That if the said Parishes and Townships (except the Parish of Hyssingwere to be incorporated and reduced into One District, and proper rowels granted for providing a convenient House, or Houses, for the general Reception of the Poor therein, and for regulating, employing, and governing them in a proper Manner, the same would be of considerable Advantage to the said Poor, and also to the Inhabitants, as they might thereby be more effectually relieved at a less burthensome Expence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Towns and Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, the Parishes of Ber Kerry, Llan-

mcrewig, Forden, Buttington, lVoolstanmine, Chirbury, Worthin, and Churchstoke, and the Townships of Aston and Castlewright, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop: And that Mr. Burdon and Sir Richard "Hill do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition in A Petition of the Mayor and several other principal favour of Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Canal Bill. Yaking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A. 1792.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition Of Anne and Emina Ladies of Petition

the Manors of StaUnton, Flawborough and A her ton, in the County of Nottingham, and of several other Per- gjj] sons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being greatly interested in the Waters of the River Devon, was preserited to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners, Anne and Charlton, are

seised in Fee of their Capital Mansion House at Staunton aforesaid, on the Side of the River Devon, and also of certain Gardens and Pleasure Grounds adjoining thereto, and of tin ancient and accustomed Mill on the said River, which has been in their Possession, or in the Possession of their Ancestors, ever since the Time of Edward the Confessor, and they are entirely supplied with Water from, and have a Right of Fishery in, the Said River Devon; and the said Anne and Emma Charlton, and others, the Petitioners, are much interested in preserving the Waters of the said River Devon, as a Fence to their several Inclosures, for watering their Cattle, and for divers others Purposes; and that the Petitioners find there is a Bill now before the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near Rat-cliffe, in the County of Nottingham, and if the same should pass into a Law, in its present Form, the Petitioners will lose all their Rights and Privileges in, and Advantages arising from, the said ancient Mill and the said River Devon, by the Stoppage of the Course of the said River for the Purposes of the said intended Canal: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, so as effectually to secure unto them all their respective Rights and Privileges, and Advantages, arising from the said River Devon, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, before the Committee, on the said Bill, in Support of the Allegations of this Petition, or may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

28° Ma.

East India The House being informed that Mr. Morion, from Papers rela- the Directors of the East India Company attended at Assumption t^c Door > he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented of the Go- to the House, pursuant to their Orders, vemment of N° 1. Copy of the Orders transmitted by the Di-the Carnatic, rectors of the East India Company to Saint George presente . ancj Bengal, relative to the Assumption of the Government of The Carnatic, in the Year 1790: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Representations made to the Court of Directors, or the Government of Fort Saint George, or to Bengal, by the Nabob of Arcot, on the Subject of the Company’s assuming the Government of The Carnatic, subsequent to those which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament; including also the Whole of the Proceedings on the Subject — in Two Volumes.

Together with a List of the stud Paper's.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Petitions Proprietors of the River Trent Navigation, was pre- against sented to the House, and redd: Taking Notice of the «ott,^f Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal 1 from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend very material Injury will arise to the said Company from the Diminution in the Amount of the Tonnage Rates upon the said River Trent, by reason of the making of the said Canal: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for indemnifying them from all Loss and Injury as aforesaid, by the making of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

Another Petition of the Committee of the Company of Proprietors ’of the River Trent Navigation, s was

32 Geo. III.

28* Ma

619

was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, by the said Bill, Power is given to the Company of Proprietors for making the said Canal to make a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, in the Parish of Lenton, to communicate with the River Trent, in the Parish of Beeslon, in the said County of Nottingham, and to supply the said Canal and the said Collateral Cut, and other Collateral Cuts, authorized by the said Bill to be made, with Water out of the said River Trent; and that the making of the said Collateral Cut above described, and supplying the same, and the 9aid Canal, and other Cuts, with Water from the River Trent, would be highly prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners in the Navigation of the said River, and productive of material Injury to the Public; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the above-mentioned Powers in the said Bill, and against such other Clauses and Provisions therein contained as may affect them, and that the said Bill may not pass as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the saivl Bill is commited; and the last mentioned Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in pavour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Henry Hobart, presented to the House, accord- Militia Pay ing to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the N il pre-Pav and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One \ car, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day ot March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two: And the same was received; and read the Pirst Time.

Resolved, That tike Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition signifying that Notices had been given

of the Appli- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That,

cation for r ~ ’

Glasgow Police Bill

It

['si

su

c: a;

h*

Usi t &

aiu i* ji &

gin A*

(Dj$V

ISfcf

ice

Set#

and f, & ffl®5-

lie?'

Ac-';

Its

aidi;-' wk $

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was

in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 13th Hay of this Instant March, Notices were given in the Glasgow Courier, Glasgow Advertiser, and Journal, in the said Month of , of Application

having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for opening certain new Streets, for paving, lighting, watching, and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating the Police and Markets, for disposing of the Glebe of the High Church of the said City, by Contracts of Ground Annual, for extending the Royalty of the said City over certain adjoining Lands, and for giving certain Powers to the Magistrates of Glasgow, for the Benefit of the said City, and Notices were also given at the last adjourned Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Lanerk, at Glasgow, in such and the like Manner as aie required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the -20th Day of May 1791, relative to paving Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and tinder such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William M'Dawall, Mr. Wemyss, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

’Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Kill f.»r der, a Bill for amending the Laws of Excise relating to nnen.ling the Manufactory of Flint Glass: And the same was

, - J ... . rr. l I liut tllai*

received; and read the First lime. present id.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it t„ ti, J c<»n-was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made vi-ynitre of in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (,0°1'®- *c. intituled, "An Act for allowing the Conveyance " from the Ports Southampton ami Portsmouth, to t<,ntnndP the Port of Cowes, in the Isle of of Goods Cowes.

" not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited " to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle between the said Ports without Cocquets being taken, or " Bonds entered into for that Purpose; and for extending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year "of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for " taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made Use " of in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas,

" and Exchequer, to the Isle of A fan, and for appointing Ports and Places for Shipping and Landing " Goods in the said Island," as relates to the Conveyance of Goods, Sheep, and Cattle, between the Ports of Southampton, Portsmouth, and Cowes, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient that so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Conveyance from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, to the Port of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle between the said Ports without Cocquets being taken, or Bonds entered into for that Purpose, and for other Purposes, as relates to the Conveyance of Goods, Sheep, and Cattle, between the Ports of Southampton, Portsmouth, and Cowes respectively, should be revived, continued, and amended.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Orde, Mr. Chute, and Mr. Barrington, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill for subjectingUank'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Act for Sal.: was referred to consider of an Act, made in the 01 ', OU5e* Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Sale of certain Houses His Majesty. " and Ground belonging to His Majesty," That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore used as an Office

ersl: states to ma^'n8 the Estates of Bankers and other Traders sub- for the Commissioners of the Lottery, and to enable the Payment ject to the Payment of their Debts after their Decease; His Majesty to grant the said Premises,

of their Dtibts, ordered.

And that Sir Benjamin Hammet and Mr. Crickett do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vol. 47.

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly.

620 28 — QSPMartii. . 1792.

Bill relative Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to to the Sale repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ter^Office' seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the inPrivy Gar- Sale of the House in Privy Garden heretofore used den, ordered, as an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery, and to enable His Majesty to grant the said Premisses: And that Mr. Henry Hob, Mr. , and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill for pre- Mr* Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported

venting from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Frauds in the the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in rwectTo^ ^he Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Manufac-Sope, re- turing of Sope, was committed, the Amendment ported. which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House MoanaJ* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the establish- Upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to make Provision Duke and ^or ^ie Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Dutchess of Duke and Dutchess of York and Albany, and also to York. settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness during the Term of Her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of His said Royal Highness, in case Hor said Royal Highness shall survive Him, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Debate on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Pectin "the a4)ourned Debate on the Amendment which, upon War in^india the 15th Day of this Instant , was proposed to be reiumad.

made to the Motion, That it appears, from the Military Consultations, 12th August 1788, that the -Object which the Madras Government had in View, by sending a Military Force to the Travancore Country, was to have them stationed in the Place from whence they could, with the greatest Ease and Expedition, invade Tippoo’s Dominions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That it appears, from the Military Consultations, 12th August 1788, that the Object which the Madras Government had in View, by sending a Military Force to the Travancore Country, was to have them stationed in the Place from whence they could, with the greatest Ease and Expedition, invade Tippoo's Dominions, in case such Operations should be rendered necessary by the Aggression of the latter against Travancore, which there was, at that Time, strong Reason to apprehend.

Resolved, That it appears, that the Agreement entered into by Earl Cornwallis with the Nizam, in his Letter of 7th July 1789, the establishing a Military Post in the Travancore Country, and the carrying on War against Tippoo, in consequence of his unprovoked Aggression, are consonant to the wise, moderate, and politic Views established by the Parliament of Great Britain as the Rule of Conduct to be observed in the British Settlements in India.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 29* dieMartii;

Anno 32* Georgii III. U Regis, 1792.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Town Petitions for and Neighbourhood of in the County Abolition si

of Hertford: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, e' Clergy, and others, Inhabitants of the Borough, Township, and Neighbourhood of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester: And also,

A Petition of those, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Wilton, in the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Magistrates, Town Council, and Community, the Minister and Elders, and others, Inhabitants of the Burgh and Parish of Newton upon Ayr in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Moffat, in the County of Dumfries:

And also,

A Petition of the Parish of Camworth: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Kirkbean and in the

Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Biggar, in the County of Clydesdale, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Selkirk, in the County of Selkirk, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

' A Petition

32 Geo. III.

29° Martii.

621

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Largs, in the County of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Ministers,

of the Town and Parish of, Banff', in the County of petition* for Banff, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Abolition of And also, the slave

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants, rat*e‘ residing within the Hounds of the Dissenting Con-

Incorporated Trades, Burgesses, and others, Inhabitants gregation of Morebattle, in the County of

life

life

)tfc

ak

of the Town, and immediate Vicinity of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants at large in the Royal Borough of Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Bothwel, in the County of Lanerk, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish and Village of Langholm, in the County of Dumfries, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Leadhills, in the County of Lanerk: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Town of Lockerbie, and Country adjacent, in the County of Dumfries, in that Part of Great called

Scotland: And also,

1,8*

0

(O

0

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Monikie, &c. in the County of Forfar, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Magistrates, Ministers, Burgesses, of the Borough, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Peebles, in North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Clergy, Heritors, and Inhabitants of every Persuasion of the Town and Port of Leith, thereto subscribing: And also,

A Petition of the Royal Physical Society of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of in the County of Linlithgozv, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants

A Petition of the Parish of Covington, County of of the Town and Parish of Leslie, in the County of Fife,

Lanerk, North Britain: And also,

A Petition. of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Libberton: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Avondale and Town of in the County of Lanerk, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, and Inhabitants of the Town of Leighton in the County of

Bedford, and its Vicinity: And. also, > ,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of fVoodbridge, in the County of Suffolk: And also,

A Petition of Beccles and its Environs: And also,

A Petition of the Portreeve, Recorder and Commonalty, Clergy and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Langport, in the County of Somerset, and its Vicinity: And also, .

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Thorne and its Neighbourhood, within the Manor of , in the County of York: And also.

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Yetholm, Morbattle, Linton, and Sp roust on, in the County of Roxburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Borough and Neighbourhood of Naim: And also,

A Petition of the 'Inhabitants of the Parish of Abboishall, and Village of Linktoun, in the County of Fife: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Monance, County of Fife, in North Britain: And also, >

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council, the Clergy and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of weem, in the County of F, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the Minister, Elders, and Inhabitants

A Petition of the Burgesses and other Inhabitants of at large, of the Parish of King's Barn, County of Fife, the Borough of New Malton, and its Neighbourhood: North Britain: And also,

And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Haworth, in the County of York: And also, '

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Barnsley, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of Appleby, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of

Westmoreland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Bath? and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ilminster, in the County of Somerset, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Justices and Inhabitants of the Town of Somerton, in the County of Somerset: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Aucktcrderran, and of a few Individuals in adjoining Parishes, in the County of Fife, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the united Parishes of Stitehel and Hume, in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants

Vo l. 47.

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Yester, in the County of East Lothian, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Brechin, in the County of Forfar, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish and Town of Haicick, with their Environs, in the County of Roxburghshire, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlatid: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Collington, Currie, and Corslorphine,

in the County of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Magistrates, Town Council, Trades, and Inhabitants of the Burgh of Cupar, in the County of Fffe, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Arid also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish and Town of Keith, in the County of Ban ff, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Inverness, in the County of Inverness, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council 7 T of

622 29° Marti*. A. 1792.

of the Burgh of Brechine, County of Angus, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Coldstream, in the County of Berwick, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, Guildry, incorporated Trades, and other thereunto subscribing Inhabitants of the Borough of Aberbrothock, in North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Haddington, and Places adjacent, in the County of Haddington, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Auchterarder: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Magistrates and Council, and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of the Royal Burgh of Burntisland, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Burgh of Newburgh, in the County of Fife, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Largo, in the County of Fife, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Kinclaven, Little and

Auchtergaven, in the County of Perth, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Presbytery of Auchterarder: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, with some of the other Parishes adjacent, in the County of Mid-Lothian, and in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Ministers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Culross: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Dunse, in the County of Berwick, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Presbytery of Dunfermline: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder Subscribers, Inhabitants of the Parish of Salton, County of East Lothian, North Britain;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Dadd Scott reported from the Committee to Montmr whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the rep0 County of Forfar, and for making suitable Approaches thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Earlstown, and Gordon,

in the County of Berroick, in that Part of Great Britain tailed Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Saltcoats, and of the Parishes of Stivonstown and Ardrossan, County of Ayr, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Old Machar, in the County of Aberdeen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Greenlaw, and of the Parishes of Eccles, of Hiome, of Gordon, and of Westruther, in the County of Berwick, in that Part of Great Bistcdn called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Subscribers thereof, Inhabitants of the Parish of Partmoak, in the County of Kinross:

And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Comrie, (of aH Denominations) in the County of Perth, tn that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Kinross, Orwell, end Fassoway, in the County of Kinross, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Total Council, and other subscribing Inhabitants of the Town of Newmils, Village of Dervall, and other Places of the Parish of Loudoun, in the County of Ayr, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants in and about the Town of Mid in the County of

Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain call And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Montgomery: And also.

The Lord Sheffield presented to the House, according South to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter and **%. mend the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the preMOtei Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King the v

Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing,

near the Town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence through Ftrle Street under the Hill, to Long-bridge, in the Parish of Alfriston, in the County of Sussex, (except so far as the said Acts relate to that Part of the said Road which lies between a Place commonly called Bopeep, in the Parish of Alcision, and Longbridge aforesaid) and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Sussex: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers Hedge* aid of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Cuckfield, His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing M

and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of and from

Beadles Hill aforesaid to the Town of and from the Turnpike Road between Cuckfeld and Crawley to the Town of Horsham, and also the Road from Swingate, in the Parish of Burwash, to Shover Green, in the Parish of Tkehurst, all in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be,

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Toma of Cuckfeld, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the Town of Lbtdfield, and from the Turnpike Road between Ouckfvdd and Crawley to the Town of Horsham,

and

32 Geo. III.

29° Ma

623

and also the Road from Sin the Parish of Burwatk, to Shoo&r Green, in the Parish of Txcehurst, all in rise County of Sussex.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to hate Voices.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Parish Church, and building a new Workhouse, be now read.

And the stud Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that the several Persons who petitioned this House, upon Monday last,

Petition n- A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Gre- praying to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against ipocting the ville, was presented to the House, and read; Taking the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to ao'TDuris’t Notice of the Bill to continue and amend several Laws lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Straight* relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries car- Time, declined being heard, by their Counsel, upon FnhcriesBilL ried on in the Greenland Seas and Doris’s Streights, the Second Reading of the said Bill;

and to amend the Laws now in Force for the Encou- The said Bill was read a Second Time,

ragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Al-

Southward of the Greenland Seas and Doris's Streights; derman Watson, Mr. Alderman , &c.: And they

and Btating certain Grievances and Inconveniences in are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the said Trade; and Setting forth, That the whole Fishery has become an Object Personal to the Petitioner, from his having gratuitously engaged to improve a Situation on Milford Haven, ana he has been

enabled by Sir William Hamilton to grant to the Per- „ rr, , ., ... Brouoh and

sons be may invite an uninterrupted^Enjoyment of its # li°\ Tp Tl

W Advanuc.R, and the Pails of their ludustr,; "wh<T B,"foc *%Tc Z »~*fy

th»t the >Jt Fishermen have annroved of an Act’ Passe(1 !n the Eleventh Year of the Reign reined,

ttiat the most expenenced tishermen have approved f His present Majesty, intituled, ‘

its Situation for the Whale Fishery, and the Nantuck- r i *i p ’ j

etereof Dertmmtkhave petitioned to be aettlad there; Km"«- ,l,l Ro,d

that the Petitioner has engaged to give them every Encouragement depending on him, but Parliament alone can give Security to the Improvement of Naval Adventure by the judicious and liberal Application of Bounties, and by withdrawing unnecessary Regulations which limit the Freedom of Adventure: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for removing the Grievances and Inconveniences, stated in his Petition, in such Manner as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

it*

b

'a

ki

list

1ft

to

pigi

Wood Ender- Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to

Billr^orted w^om Sill for dividing and inclosing the Open p ‘ and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, lngs, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Wood Enderby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, haa been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a u

«» Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- ‘hroeghoot; end then

jt'* tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Sts. House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

" An Act for re-from the Low " Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near Brough " Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding " of the County of York, to the North End of the " Town of Brough, and from thence, through South " Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes,

" in the said Riding;" was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

eiife

Ait*

IA*

Ais»

Welton Inclosure Bill presented.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bill for the from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Establish- Bill to enable His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dutches* Qf Dutchess of York and Albany, and also to settle an An- York, re-nuity on Her Royal Highness during the Term of Her ported, natural Life, to commence from the Decease of His said Royal Highness, in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive Him, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where, the Amendments were Once read a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

a.

ti

to Order, a BiH for dividing and inclosing the Open ingrossed. Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Welton in the Marsh in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported ReporuWay. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it and M*n*l was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second report to the House> which he read in his Place, and

St. Botolph

Annuitants Reading of the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

bill commit- c...Ul..... a__________<. i ______________~..A — i ______ l.

ted.

Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the DebtB that have been contracted in repairing the iar Vol. 47.

the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lottery That, towards raising the Supply granted to His -

Majesty,

Expiring

Law.

624 .2 9° Martii.. A. 1192.

Majesty, the Sum of Eight hundred and Twelve thousand Five hundred Pounds be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Fifty thousand Tickets, at Sixteen Pounds Five Shillings each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 29th Day of this Instant March, make a Deposit, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of One Pound Five Shillings, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say: For and in respect of every such Ticket, Two Pounds on or before the 25th Day of May next; Two Pounds on or before the 20th Day of July next; Two Pounds on or before the 7th Day of September next; Two Pounds on or before the 19 th Day of O next; Three Pounds on or before the 14th Day of December next; and Four Pounds on or before the 11th Day of January 1793; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery; which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year 1792, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors upon Demand, on or at any Time after the 28th Day of June 1793, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and that every Contributor to the said Lottery, who shall pay any of the Sums to be respectively paid by Instalments, as hereinbefore mentioned, before the Periods respectively fixed for the same, shall be allowed an Interest by way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sums so respectively paid in, to be computed, from the Day of paying the same respectively, to the Periods at which the same would be paid according to the respective Instalments hereinbefore mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " allow the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force from the 14th Day of June 1791, until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The' said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill pursuant to the Third, Fourth, and Fifth of the Resolutions, which upon the 24th Day of February last, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the Second Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Re- Medw*y port from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ported, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the King’s Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, and of the Owners and Freighters, of Craft,

Hop-Planters and Traders, on the River was referred.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly; reporteid from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the: Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said - Petition,

Mr. William Rennie being examined, said, That the Navigation of the said River is greatly obstructed by Shelves, and other Impediments, to the continual Damage and Hindrance of Persons using the same —

That if Powers were given to deepen and widen the Bed of the River, and otherwise improve the Navigation from Maidstone to Aylesford, and also to make a Collateral Cut out of the said River above Aylesford Bridge, to communicate again with the said River below the said Bridge, and if Provision was made for establishing Horse Towing Paths on the Sides of the said River, it would be productive of many Advantages to the Trade and Manufactures of the County of Kent.

Mr. George Bishop being examined, said, That the making such Improvements would be of considerable Advantage to the Towns of Maidstone and Tunbridge, and the Country adjacent.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Maidstone, Bor ley, Ailing ton, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Henry Sir

Edward Knatchbull, and Mr. Honywood, do prepare, and.

bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Thornton reported from the Committee, Hull and to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and en- Beverly larging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seven- Koa^lU teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King re!K,re' George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of and for repairing the Road from Newland to

the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in.his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,-in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu- Petition tion Two Acts, made, one in the Thirty-second Year against of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Se- Grantham cond, and the other in the Seventh Year of the Reign Cana of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham,

Trent Bridge, and also of several of the Creditors who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls

arising

32 Geo. III. 29° Alartii.

625

arising by the said Acts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees and Creditors respectively, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, which has been attended with much Advantage and Benefit, as well to the Country through which the Roads lead as to the adjoining Neighbourhood; and that the Trustees have been obliged to borrow several large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by the said Acts, amounting, in the Whole, to the Sum of 9,950/. which still remain due; and that the Tolls collected on the said Road are barely sufficient, with all the Care and Attention of the said Trustees, to defray the Interest of the Money borrowed (although advanced at' a moderate Rate of Interest) and the other necessary Expences attending the Repair of the said Roads, and the other Expences of the Acts; and that the Petitioners find, that a Bill is before the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near Ratcliffe, in the County of Nottingham, and, if the same should pass into a Law, the Tolls collected on the said Road will certainly be so much diminished by the intended Navigation, as to prevent the Trustees from paying the Interest of the Money borrowed, and the other Expences attending the Execution of the said Turnpike Acts, to the great Injury of the Creditors, and Prejudice of the Public, and the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation will reap the Benefit of the Diminution of the Tolls upon the said Road, by the Conveyance of Goods upon the said intended Navigation instead of the said Turnpike Roads: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for allowing a proper Recompence for the unavoidable Diminution of the Tolls upon the said Road, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the Committee, on the said Bill, in Support of the Allegations of this Petition, or may have such other Relief as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants of the Parish of Bo-

tolph without Aldersgate, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a new Work house; and Setting forth, That several of the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Bill would materially affect the Petitioners, if the same should be passed into a Law, as it now stands: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass, as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill Vot. 47.

is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Orde presented to the House, according to Or- Bill to revive der, a Bill to revive and continue so much of an Act, Act rel*tive made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Conveyance of Sheep be- sheep ween Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, and the Ports of between Southampton and Portsmouth, and to extend the same p^smouth to Horses and Lambs, and to amend the said Act: ’

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the re-"

Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Governor ported. and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Ale-house Reading of the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of deferred.8 the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the on Greenland whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend a„d Davis’* several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Streights Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s fisheries Streights, and to amend the Laws now in Force for Bl the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- th^Sale^of der, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the the Lo*.tery° Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates Office in to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore Privy Gar* used as an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery, prf, C1"'

7 U and

Bill for Pre. servation of Timber in the New Forest presented.

Worcester Poor, &c. Bill committed.

Petitions against, referred.

Petition in favour of D° Bill.

626 29° — 30° MaH

and to enable His Majesty t grant the said Premises: And the same was received. ’ r

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Fiv6 of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Titae.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further Increase and Preservation of Timber within The New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and for the Sale of Rents, and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements, in the said Forest: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, SO* die

Anno 32* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1792.

Praters.

ABILL for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester, and of such Parishes as are Part within the City of Worcester, and Part within the County of Worcester, and of the Parish of Saint Michael in Bedwardine, in the County of Worcester, and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of such Parishes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Wigley, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Worcester, and the Suburbs thereof; and also, the Petition of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Michael in Bedu ardine, in the County of Worcester, who are assessed to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish; and also, the Petition of the Parishionfers and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Peter the Great, who pay to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and of the Owners of Land within the said Parish, which were presented to the House upon Tuesday and Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Inhabitants, and assessed to the Poor’s Rates, of the several Parishes of Nicholas, Saint Sxoithin, Saint Helen, All Saints, Saint Andrew, and Saint Alban, within the City of Worcester, and of the Parishes of Saint Martin, Saint Clement, and Saint Peter the Great, which are Part within the City, and other Part in the County, of Worcester, and of the Parish of Saint Michael in Bedwardine, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may be passed into a Law.

<5

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually Securing to Joseph Booth, and to the Public, the Benefit of a certain Invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman

Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl Graham, and the Lord Grenville, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two:

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two:

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States:

An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein:

An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the County of and for

re-building the same, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Parish:

An Act for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving, the Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike Road called The Coal Road, near West Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elsdon Turnpike Road at or near in the County of

Northumberland, and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, upon the same:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley

Bridge,

Mr. Booth's Bill present* ed.

RoyalAstnt to Bills.

32 Geo. III. 30° Martii. 627

Bridge, and from Cherrill to the Three Aide Burrough, _ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Pochin,

at the Top of Cherritt Hill, in the County of Wilts; Sir John &c.: And they are to meet this

and for more effectually amending the Turnpike Road Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine: Chamber.

An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of . an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of Sir John Honywood presented to the House, accord* amtit

His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widen; ing to Order, a Bill requiring and authorizing Charles Militia ing the Roads from Hand Cross to Comer House, and Gilbert, Esquire, Treasurer, of the Eastern Division of Mone7 from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money, Pre*nt* Horsham to Stcyning, and from Comer House afore- received by him on account of the not raising the said to the May-pole, in the Town of Henfeld, in the Militia of the said County, into the Public Stock of the County of Sussex, and also for keeping in Repair a cer- said Division, to be applied as therein is directed, and tain Branch of Road leading from the Direction Post for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same near a certain Place, called The Crab Tree, in the Pa- was received; and read the First Time, rish of Beeding, otherwise Seal, through the Parishes Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, of Nuthurst and Horsham, to the Town of Horsham,

in the said County: A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Petition, for

An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Burgesses, of the Borough of Banbury: And also, Abolition Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Big- slave widening the Road from Upton, in the Parish of Ralley, gleswade, and its Vicinity: And also, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Vi-Great Kington, and from thence to the Guide Post, at cinity of Potton: And also,

the Town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the County of A Petition of the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace,

Warwick: and Commissioners of Supply, of the County of

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading fries: And also, out of the Turnpike Road from Dover, through Folke- A Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, stone, to Hythe, at a certain Place called Canterbury and others, of the Town and County of Derby: And

Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, also,

to a certain Place in the Parish of Folkestone, called A Petition of the Presbytery of Annan, in the County

Aludshole; and for making a new Road from thence, of Dumfries: And also,

through a certain Field, called Yaldergates, through A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Rainden Wood, over Szvingfeld Minnis, through Denton, and Inhabitants at large, of the Town of Hartlepool, and for repairing and widening the Road from thence in the County of and its Neighbourhood:

to the Direction Post on Barham Downs, in the Parish And also,

of Barham, at The Four Vents: A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other

An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Inhabitants of the County of Northumberland assembled Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made and passed at the Town Hall in Morpeth: And also,

inf. the Eighteenth and, Twenty second Years of the A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for Stanford, in the County of Hertford, and its Vicinity: repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge, And also,

in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common Counsame County, to Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and cil, and principal Inhabitants of the King’s Town from thence, through Darlington, in the County of and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent: And Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the also,

said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repair- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

ing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road: and others. Inhabitants of the County of Monmouth,

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in agreed upon at a Meeting assembled, by public Notice,

Repair, tire several Roads, or Branches of Road, in the Town Hall in Uske, on the loth Day of March leading from the Parishes of Yoxford, Saxmundham, 1792: And also, and Beahall, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Aldeburgh, in the said County: of the Borough of Newport, in the County of Mon-

An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and mouth: And also,

Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Avebury, in the County of Wilts: Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Basingstoke,

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons in the County of Southampton, and its Neighbourhood: or Waste Lands, being Parts of Mendip, Lyatt, and And also,

Hinder Hill, within the Parishes of Croscombe and A Petition of the Clergy of the County of Dorset:

Dinder, in the County of Somerset: And also,

An Act to enable Gilbert Trowe Beckett, Esquire, and A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ware-his Issue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, ham, in the County of Dorset: And also, of Turner, pursuant to the Will of Martha Turner, A Petition of the Corporation and principal Inha-Widow, deceased: bitants of Cowbridge, whose Names are thereunto sub-

An Act for naturalizing Richard Walker: scribed: And also,

An Act for naturalizing John Alphonso Doxat and A Petition of the Residenters in the Parish of Charles Frederick Brandt: . Leuchars, and County of Fife, North Britain And An Act for naturalizing John Mark Gourgas and also,

James Soret: A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabi-

An Act for naturalizing John William Hentig and tants of the Parish of Tranent, in the County of East- ,

Jacob Anderson: Lothian, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for naturalizing Herman Schroder. And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- of the Parish of Dunblane, in the County of Perth, mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common- in that Part of Britain called Scotland: And

able Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of also,

Stathem, in the County of Leicester, was. read a Second A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants Time. of the Town of Campbelton, and its Neighbourhood,

Vox.. 47.

in the County of Argyle, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Kirriemuir, in the County of Forfar, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Council, and thereunder subscribing Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Anstruther Easter, in North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish and Town of Falkirk, in the County of Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Clergy and Laity of the Town and Neighbourhood of Perth, County of Perth, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Carridden, in the County of Linlithgow, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Larbert and Bothkennar, in the County of Stirling, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Coupar, Angus, Bendochy,

Alyth, Rattray, and Blairgowrie, in the Counties of Perth and Forfar, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and Inhabitants of the Royal Burgh of Anstruther Wester, in the County of Fife, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Dunbar, in the County of East-Lothian in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parishes of Kirkliston, Ratho, and Associate Congregation there, in the County of Mid-Lothian, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Stow, in the Counties of Mid-Lothian and Selkirk, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Pennycuick, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of Mid-Lothian, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Town of North Berwick and Neighbourhood, in the County of East-Lothian, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Bowden, in the County of Roxburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Dunning, in the County of Perth, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder Subscribers, Inhabitants of the Parish and Neighbourhood of Killmeny, in the County of Fife, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Huntly, Aberdeenshire, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Forgan, alias Phillans, in the County of Fife, North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish and Town of Kelso, in the County of Tiviotdale, in that Part of Great Britain called land: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Andrews, in the County of Fife, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder Subscribers, Inhabitants of the Parish of Wemyss, in the County North Britain: And also,

A Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Deputies, and others, the principal Inhabitants of the Towns of Margate, Ramsgate, and the Isle of Thanet:

And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council and Inhabitants of the Royal Burgh of Crail, in the County of Fife: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Grange: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants of the Parish of East Colder, or of others adjoining to it, in the County of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabitants, of the Town of Johnshaven, 8$c. in the County of Kincardine, in that Part of Grea called land: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder subscribinglnhabitants of the Parish of Nigg, in the County of Ross, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of West Colder, in the County of Edinburgh, North Britain;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Owen be added to the Gentle- Member men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a added t» Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Towns and Parishes of Montgomery ryt and Pool, the Parishes of Berriew, Kerry, Poor Bill

Llanmerewig, For den, Buttington, Woolstanmine, Chir-bury, Worthin, and Churchstoke, and the Townships of Aston and Castlewright, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

Mr. Owen presented to the House, according to Montana* Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Towns and Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, the Parishes of Berriew, Kerry, v Llandyssil, Llanmerewig, Forden, Buttington, Woolstanmine, Chirbury, Worthin, and Churchstoke, and the Townships of Aston and Castlewright, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise Boston improving, the Borough of Boston, in the County of Paving Bill Lincoln, was read a Second Time. commute.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fydell,

Sir Peter Burrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending an Act, of the Sixteenth Year Boston Har-of His present Majesty, relating to the Haven and born- Bill Harbour of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and committei for regulating the mooring and removing of Ships and other Vessels within the said Haven and Harbour, and for removing Obstructions therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fydell,

Sir Peter Burrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Matthew Montagu, from the Select Com- Roxburgh mittee, who were appointed to try and determine Election the Merits of the Petition of John Rutherfurd, of deteraunt(1-

Edgerston,

30° Ma

32 Geo. III.

629

Edgerston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Elec- A Petition of the several Persona whose Karnes are P«hion tion and Return for the County of Roxburgh, in- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and formed the House, That the said Select Committee have others, being Proprietors of Estates in the Line N*wp©rtCa-determined, through which a Navigable Cut or Canal is intended ml BUL

That Sir George Douglas, Baronet, is duly elected a to be made, from, or from some Place near,

Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the newynydd, into the River Uake. at or near the Town of County of Roxburgh. Newport, in the County of Monmouth, was presented

And also, that the said Select Committee have to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe-dqtermined, titioners have perused a Bill depending in the House

That the Petition of the said John Rutherjurd, of for making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal,

Edgerston, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select the making of which will be highly prejudicial to Committee to be frivolous or vexatious. the Estates, Property, and Interest, of the Petition-

And also, that the said Select Committee have ers: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, determined, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and

That the Opposition of the said Sir George Douglas, that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Baronet, to the said Petition, did not appear to the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious. as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Burltoo and Sir Henry Bridgeman reported from the Committee, Knockin to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, Road* Peti- appointed by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year uon report . Qf jjg present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the " Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same County, and " from Knockin to the East End of the Llanriader " Road, and from Place Carrick Lane to the Tum- pike Road on Knockin Heath, to the East End of " Knockin Lane'' whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, a3 it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act Was read: And,

Mr. Henry Bowman being examined, said, That the Trustees, in executing the said Act, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which now remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged and altered.

And the Witness added, That it will be necessary to increase the present Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from , in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same County, and from Knockin to the East End of the Llanriader Road, and from Place Carrick Lane to the Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath, to the East End of Knockin Lane: And that Sir Henry Bridgeman and Mr. Forester do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill to revive A Bill to revive and continue so much of an Act, Act relative made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Mato the Con- jesty# relates to the Conveyance of Sheep between Shirepbe- Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, and the Ports of South-tween Cowes amptonand Portsmouth, and to extend the same to and Ports- Horses and Lambs, and to amend the said Act, was roouth, com- reacj a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vo l. 47.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining’ a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near, Pontnewynydd, into the River , at or near the Town of Newport, and a Navigable Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Navigable Cuts or Canals to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the hum- Petition ble Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inha- respecting bitants of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, ^wthe within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was stand of presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice Hackney of the Bill for removing the Stand of Hackney Coochea Coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Westminster; and Setting forth, That Bond

Street is a Place of considerable Trade, and a Stand of Hackney Coaches has been appointed therein ever since the said Street was built; and that, in the Course of last Summer, the Committee of Paving, within the said Parish, did, of their own Authority, contract and narrow the Carriage Way of the said Street Five Feet at the least (which, it is apprehended, they were not legally authorized to do) which has occasioned the Obstructions and Inconveniences now complained of, and has induced the Inhabitants to make Application for removing the said Stand; and that the Petitioners find that no Provision is made in the said Bill, either for appointing a proper Place where such Hackney Coaches shall stand for the future, or to restrain Hackney Coachmen from standing and plying in any of the principal Streets of the said Parish; and that many of the Petitioners are Owners or Occupiers of Houses in some of the principal Streets in the said Parish, which they have purchased or built at a very great Expence, and without any Apprehension that Hackney Coaches would ever be allowed to stand before their Houses, and, if no Provision is made in the said Bill to restrain Hackney Coachmen from standing with their Coaches in some of the said Streets, the Petitioners may be subjected to veiy great Nuisances, and the Value of many of their Houses and Estates will be very much lessened thereby, and great Interruption will frequently be given to Persons resorting to Places of Public Worship within the said Parish: And therefore praying That they may be heard, by their Counsel, before the

7 a Committee

Bill to remora the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of Bond Streets committed.

Petition referred, and Counsel ordered.

Bill for the Establishment of the Duke and Dutchess of York passed

630 30° Martii. A. 1792.

Committee to whom the said Bill id committed, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill to prevent any Stand of Hackney Coaches being appointed within any of the principal Streets within the said Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for removing the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Westminster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for charging " certain new Duties upon Stampt Vellum, Parchment, " and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the " Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland, and for securing the reby, and by a Weekly Payment out of " the Post Office, and by several Duties on Hides and " Skins, a Yearly Fund of One hundred Eightysix thousand Six hundred and Seventy Pounds, for " Thirty-two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of " such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, to " be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

'Mr.

Chiswell,

The Lord Hood:

JMr.

’(Mr. Caret home;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Muilman Trench Chisrvell, the Lord Hood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tellers for the Yeas,-Tellers for the Noes,'

105

5-

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster. which was this Day presented to the

House, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dutchess of York and Albany, and also to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness during the Term of Her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of His said Royal

Highness, in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive Him, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dutchess of York and Albany, and also to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness during the Term of Her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of His said Royal Highness, in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive him.

Ordered, That the Earl of Mornington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Mr. Horn-Reading of the Bill for vesting in Jonathan Hamblower, blower's Bill his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole deferred-Use and Property of certain Machines or Engines for raising Water and other Liquids, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, described therein, for a limited Time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Laws re-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole apecting the House, to consider of the Laws respecting the Importation and Exportation of Sugar, and the Duties, Draw- tation of°Su-backs, and Bounties thereon. gar to be

considered.

The Order of the Day being read for taking into fur- Bill for Ap-ther Consideration the Report from the Committee of plication of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and ren- an additional der more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An National " Act for vesting certain Sums iu Commissioners at the Debt, re- End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them ap- committed.

" plied to the Reduction of the National Debt," and to provide for the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, was committed;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committer to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on so most to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most ofKing’8 Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the Public In-National Debt, be now read. come end

And the said Order being read accordingly; Expenditure,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. c‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl of Mornington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cheir.

The Earl of Mornington reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Earl of Mornington also acquainted the House That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resoloed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His

s Majesty’s

S2 Geo. III.

SCf Martii.

631

Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament as relates to the Publio Income and Expenditure; and the National Debt.

Account* of Balances in the Bank

belonging to Chancery Suitors ordered.

" themselves to provide, and will likewise make suitable Preparation mid Provision for the Regiment of " Cavalry, and will also raise such Sums as may be " deemed necessary for putting the Barracks in the several Parishes, and such Buildings as may be " wanted for the Accommodation of the Horse, in " proper Condition for their Reception: We earnestly " pray, That Your Majesty may long live to behold " Your People enjoy, in their wonted Tranquillity " and Freedom, the inestimable Blessings of Your Majesty’s mild and auspicious Reign: That the

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Balances of the dead Cash, and Securities, in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the 1st of October 1777 to the 1st of October 1791; and also, an Account of the Cash now in the Bank, which hath arisen

from the Surplus Dividends of the Securities purchased _ _

pursuant to the several Acts, of the Twelfth of George following an Extract of a Letter from Twenty-one

the Second, Chap. 24, the Fifth of George the Third, Members of the Assembly to the Petitioner, dated

Chap. 28, and the Fourteenth of George the Third, Town, November 5th 1791; wherein, after

Chap. 43. having mentioned the above Address to the King, their

Application for an Augmentation of the Military

a n e -.r rt. 11 v a Force then in the Island, by an Addition of 300 Men

r* 0( 5, U're’ AJge"‘ to each of the Four Regimes of Infantry, and a Re-

vciagtb. o ,v , Hou"', and te*d' gimem of Light Dragoons augmented to 300 Men,

Slave Trade. Setting forth, That the.Petitioner haring learnt, b, the and after t£e Pelili|nCT to Dutch„e e.oooo

Votes, that a great Number of Petitions have been

Mr. Fuller’s Petition re-

a

presented to the House from various Parts of this Kingdom, praying for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, conceives it to be an indispensable Part of his Duty to lay before the House the Sentiments of the Assembly of Jamaica upon this important Subject, which Assembly, the Petitioner is informed, addressed His Majesty, on the 4th of November 1791, as follows: " Most Gracious Sovereign, We, Your Majesty’s dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of Jamaica, " called upon by the impending Danger of our Situation, look up to Your Most Excellent Majesty, as " the august and impartial Father of all Your People, " to whom we are to represent the Apprehensions and " Terrors which now surround us, and on whose Paternal Care for our Safety and Preservation we solely " depend for that efficient Protection which will insure our Security: The dreadful Effects of those wild " and enthusiastic Doctrines, prevalent among certain mistaken and ill-informed Persons in Europe, " respecting the Slave Trade, and the Nature of our " Property in The West Indies (against which Your

after ordering the Petitioner to purchase 5,000 Stand of Arms, 1,000 Carbines, Swords and Accoutrements, Drums, Fifes, &c. for their Militia, they conclude as follows: " It is presumed that these Orders, together with the Measures which are now " taking within the Island, for our immediate Security, will be sufficient to convince His Majesty’s " Ministers of the very general and serious Alarm " which prevails throughout this Colony, from the dreadful Example of Saint Domingo, of which all our Negroes are perfectly apprized: After all, it i9 '* a lamentable Truth, and we desire you will urge " it with an Earnestness suited to its Importance, as " our solemn and serious Belief, that neither the Ad-u dition of Military Force from Great Britain, nor all " the Precautions we are now taking within ourselves, " will avail, unless His Majesty’s Ministers shall decidedly discourage the further Discussion of the " Slave Trade in Parliament: It is in vain to urge " that the Trade alone, and not the Situation of our " Slaves, is the Object of Deliberation; our Negroes " cannot, or will not, make any such Distinction; they are taught to believe, and do most certainly

a

Majesty’s Subjects in these Islands have had of late „ be,4 thatV„ lrc held in a Condition of Servi-

fn nnntonn 1 oro of Ion nrth cotioro I \r to I r htr tho h _ ... J — _ _

" to contend) are at length severely felt by the French " Inhabitants of Saint Domingo, and, whatever temporary Advantage our Staples may derive from their Calamities, the Tenure both of our Properties and " Lives is precarious, while our Slaves have such a " Precedent of the Triumph of Savage Anarchy over " all Order and Government: — This Island, every

tude, which is reprobated in the Mother Country;

" and, that the ultimate Aim of those Gentlemen, " whom they call their Friends, in England, is, to " place them 09 a Footing with the civilized Part of " this Community; an Opinion, which, in their present Ideas of Right and Wrong, can tend only to " involve them in one common Destruction with our-

their State of Civilization will admit) possess the " Blessings of a mild and equitable Government, " under which the several Rights of Person and Property are secured by Laws framed for the general " Welfare and Protection, would then become One " general Scene of Horror and Confusion; Murder, " Robbery, Rape, Conflagration, would then prove " inadequate Terms to depict our Calamities, as, in " that Event, the blackest Crimes, as if receiving a

" £lass "nd C»l7.r of w.hose Inhnbitants (so far as „ selves._perhaps nothi has s0 much comributed

fhmr N to \ c% nt C lvili^ohnn will onmiM nnccocc tho 1 V

‘ to disseminate these Notions among our Negroes, as

" the Publication of several of the Examinations

" which were taken before the Committee of the

" House of Commons, and most industriously sent

" otit by Persons in England, and explained to our

" Slaves by free People of their own Complexion;

" we hope this will be prevented in future:" And

therefore praying, That the House will take the Pre-inat tvem, the Diacaest crimes, as u receiving a mise, int0‘.that he may b<! heard, by

deeper Dye from the Complex, on of the cruel his Counse, i( he thinks proper, in any State of the

and merciless Enemy would be perpetrated in the proceedi in Consequence of the said petitions.

‘ most savage and shocking Manner: Suffer us, t f t

« Gracious Sire, to lay this, the feint Represents- _ Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

" tion of our Alarms, at the Foot of the Throne, Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

" and humbly to beseech, That Your Most Gracious whom ls teferred 10 conslder o{ the AJncan Slave Majesty will be pleased to increase the Military ra<^e’

" Force on this Station, in such Manner as to

Your Majesty shall seem meet; in particular, that A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal sttpley a«d u Your Majesty would be graciously pleased to order from the Collieries at , in the County of , Stanton

" a Regiment of Light Dragoons, augmented to f° the Ercxvash Canal on Stanton , in the said " Three hundred Men, for the internal Service of County, was read a Second Time. mined,

this Island, and to augment the Four Regiments Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierre-of Foot, now here, from Four to Seven Hundred pont. Lord Edward Charles Cavendish , &c.:

Men each, for which Augmentation of the In- And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the f&ntry Your Majesty’s Assembly have already pledged Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Vol. 47. An

U

<c

it

Googte_

632 30" Martii. A. 1792.

Bowes ud An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and altering the Sonderlsnd Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament made and passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb-Chair, to Bridge,

and from thence, by Melderston-Gill, otherwise Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop and from Newgate,

along Gibb-Chair, to Gaundkss Bridge, and from thence, by Melderston-Gill, otherwise Cowndon-Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Balliol Cob An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An lege and City Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement be-of London tween the Master and Scholars of Balliol College, in Biffcom-11 the University of Oxford, and the Mayor and Committed. monalty and Citizens of the City of London, for vesting in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, certain Ground and Buildings in the Parish of Saint Lawrence Jewry, London, and for securing to the said Master and Scholars, and their Successors, certain Yearly Rents in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bolton Inclo- Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according Pdvine^&c. *° Order, a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, BUI, present- a certain Common or Waste Ground called Bolton ed. Moor, and other the Commons and Waste Grounds

within the Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, and for supplying the said Towns with Water, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs within the said Towns: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ford ud Lo- Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according wwk Roads to Order, a Bill for repairing and improving the «d. pre4#nt‘ Roads leading from Cornhill Burn, by and

Flodden Lane, to Millfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowick, and also from Ford Bridge, through Etal, to Duddoe Bum, otherwise Homey Burn, adjoining to the Berwick Turnpike Road, and also for shutting up and stopping certain Bye Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune.

Mr. Diclcins reported from the Committee, to whom Weldon In. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste repor ‘ Grounds, in Great Weldon, and Little Weldon, in the County of Northampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Reverend William Raye, Rector of Great and Little Weldon, in the County of Northampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and heard the Petitioner by himself "and Agents, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Rector of the said Parish, who is entitled to a Moiety of the Great Tythes, and is also a Proprietor of One Common Right, and 8o Acres of the Lands to be inclosed; and also, except the Proprietor of One Acre and One Rood, who is superannuated, and the Proprietor of One Acre, who by Mistake was not applied to; and also, except the Owner of Half a Cottage Right, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 2,408 Acres, or thereabouts, and there are in the whole 59 Cottage Rights); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bloxam be added to the Gentle- Member men who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Medioay, wgj^vip.’ from the Town of Maidstone through the several Parishes tion Bill of Maidstone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent.

Mr. Bloxam presented to the House, according to Medway Nt-Order, a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone through prtstn the several Parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent: And the some was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Owen presented to the House, according to Mold In-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the c*"s"£r*t^1 Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and pre* n e Parish of Mold, in the county of : And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according LeediChurch to Order, a Bill for building a new Church or Chapel Bill PreMnt’ in the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Planters, Merchants, Mortgagees, petitioafrom Annuitants, and others, concerned in the West India the Planter*, Colonies, was presented to the House, and read; Set- M*rchanu, ting forth, That the Petitioners learn, with much tkSlaw Concern, That the Question for the Abolition of the Trade. Slave Trade is again proposed for Deliberation in the House: That the System of peopling the West India

Colonies,

1

32 Geo. III. 30° Martii.

Colonies, with Negroes obtained by Purchase in to the Fairness of their Conduct, as well as to the Wis-Africa, has long and repeatedly received the National dom, the lmown Information, and the declared Opi-Sanction: That the Acts of the Ninth and Tenth of nion of the House; That, with respect to the Second William the Third, Chap, a6, and the Twenty-third Circumstance which has lately occurred, namely, the of George the Second, Chap. 31, not only declare the actual Evils consequent upon the Discussion of this African Trade to be highly beneficial, and very ad- Question, without alluding to the present Discredit vantageous to this Kingdom, but " necessary for sup- and Apprehension affecting all Colonial Property, they " plying the Colonies with a sufficient Number of are to be found in the Devastation of the French West " Negroes at reasonable RatesThat every Stimu- India Colonies, with the mutual Slaughter of its Inhalant held out by Government for the Cultivation of bitants: That that terrible Disaster was preceded by a the Ws stIndia Colonies has directly sanctioned the Revolt in the English Colony of Dominica, and followed Importation of Negroes, as the Means necessary to by the Project of another in Jamaica, happily stifled in that End; that the Islands, it is well known, are not its Origin: That the Petitioners trust that these new yet possessed of such sufficient Number of Negroes for Circumstances are not such as to be likely to induce cultivating their Lands as is above mentioned; that the House to change iis first Opinions: That it is no-this is particularly true respecting the Ceded Islands, torious that the Negroes now consider an Abolition of where the Lands were bought from Government, not the Slave Trade to be synonymous with a general only upon the Faith of Liberty and Encouragement Emancipation, and that, should the Abolition take given to purchase Negroes, but with a Clause of For- Place, they will, in consequence of this Idea, become feiture in case the Cultivation of the same was not fin the most favourable Event) less contented, and less completed within a certain Period; that the Negroes happy in their Situation, but most probably they will already possessed by the Colonists require to be con- be urged to Acts of desperate Revolt, and involve them-stantly recruited; that the existing Proportion of Fe- selves, their Masters, and the Colonies, in one common male Negroes, which is inferior to that of the Males, Ruin: That the Petitioners will not here state the Inland the present Manners of the Negroes, are each un- portance of the Sugar Colonies to the Manufactures, favourable to their Population; and that in case of Agriculture, Commerce, Navigation, and Revenue, any unusual Loss of Negroes by Disease or other Ac- of the British Empire, as being, they hope, already cidents, the only Means of supplying the Vacancy sufficiently felt by the House, as well as acknowledged (which by the Nature of Things, must otherwise grow by their Adversaries; That their Adversaries indeed more considerable and distressing) depends upon new pretend that these Objects, not only will not be injured,

Importations from Africa: That a Multitude of Acts but will even be aided, by the Abolition of the Slave of Parliament both ancient and modem, besides those Trade; but the Petitioners hope so far to have Credit above cited, as well as Treaties of Peace, or of Com- with the House, for a right Understanding of their merce, and other National Measures and Documents, own Concerns, after a longer and closer Investigation have alike concurred to indicate the System of this of them than can have fallen to the Share of their Country upon the present Subject: That the West Opponents, and likewise after the Calumny they have India Colonies have had too high an Opinion of the experienced for persisting in their Opinions, and the Public Faith, not to suppose that such Authorities consequent Combination which has arisen against the ought to form an unerring Guide and solid Security Consumption of their Produce, as to be supposed not to them; and that on those Authorities therefore have likely to be mistaken upon a Subject in which they are they hitherto fearlessly embarked their Fortunes in so deeply interested; and, if the Petitioners do not de-distant Climates: That every Circumstance respecting ceive themselves herein, it is then impossible that a the purchasing of Negroes and the transporting of them Stake of Seventy Millions Sterling in The West Indies to the Islands by British Traders, and their Treatment can be affected without affecting every Member of in the Islands, has, by universal Acknowledgement, this House, as well as the Nation at large: And there-and especially of late, changed for the better, so as to fore praying. First, either that the Discussion of this afford no new Argument on this Head, unless in Be- Question may now be terminated in such a Manner as half of the Colonies: That nothing to affect the Ques- may discourage its Revival (the Suspension of the De-tion has occurred since the late Decision of it by the cision being almost equal in Mischief to an Abolition House upon the Evidence taken thereon, excepting, of the Trade) or, Secondly, if it shall be decided that First, the partial Selection and Perversion of that Evi- the Slave Trade shall be abolished, that in that Case dence without Doors, in order to deceive the Nation; the Colonists, their Creditors, and others connected and Secondly, the melancholy Effects arising from with The West Indies, may be fully indemnified, as it continuing to agitate the Question: That the first Cir- cannot be the Design, even if it should fall within cumstance has occasioned various Petitions to be pre- the Competence of the House, when pursuing a sup-sented to the House, some of which have been improperly posed Measure of Humanity on one Side, to neglect obtained or signed, and which, in general, have proceeded the acknowledged Claim, not only of Humanity, from Persons either comparatively few in Number, or but of Justice also, on the Side of the Colonists, else who have had no Means of becoming acquainted or to cause them to become Victims to the Encou-with the Facts in Question, or with that voluminous ragement given to the present System of India Evidence upon which the House had formed its first Colonization during above a Century and a Half, and Decision: That Extracts from that Evidence, confined owe their Ruin to no other Circumstance than to a in general to one Side of the Question (and, in parti- mistaken Confidence in the good Faith and steady cular, having no Reference to that Mass of Authority Conduct of the Legislature of Great Britain. on the other Side, furnished by Admirals, Governors, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and others in Official Situations, unless to discredit Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, it) have been circulated in Pamphlets, sold at the to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave lowest Prices, or even given gratis wherever they Trade, could produce Effect; and that to these Extracts have been added various artful Misrepresentations: That, Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Lottery Bill if the Petitioners have not in Time exerted themselves ing to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty Presented-in Opposition to these Measures, it is because they a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery: thought it impossible that Men, avowing the Pursuit And the same was received; and read the First Time, of Humanity and Duty, could be capable of such un- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

warrantable and cruel Proceedings, and because the Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Petitioners trusted to the Justice of their Cause, and upon Monday Morning next.

Vol. 47. 7Y . A Bill

634

80® Marti.

A. 1792.

.Ate ham, Wroxeter, &c. Poor Bill committed.

A Bill for the better Belief and Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of AtcharnWroxeter, Herrington, Cund, Eaton ConstLdghkpi,

Uffington, and Upton Magna, and the Chapelry of Cres-sage, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major Williams, Mr. Owen, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

'Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Great Carlton, in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according Great Carlt* to Order, a Bill for more effectually draining certain Drain^Bl11 Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish Of Great preien Carlton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill pass«d.

Wood Euder- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the The House was moved, That the Petition of the Royal Ex-by indorure Open and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, Com- Governor, Sub-Governor, Deputy Governor, and change As-mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in tire Directors of the Royal Exchange Assurance, which was Pai ish of Wood Enderby, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of this {^refemd read the Third Time. Instant , and then ordered to lie upon the Table, to a Com-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title might be again read. be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and And the same being read accordingly;

Common Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, Common Mea- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

dows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Consideration of a Committee: And that theydoexa-Wood Enderby, in the County of Lincoln. mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill shall appear to them, to the House: to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Aider-

man Watson, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Prevention Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers,

Bill for preventing

was read the Third and Records.

Excistwith16 the Manufacturing of Sope, respect to Time.

Sope, passed. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Bill relative Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as re- to the Sale *f

Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the lates to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, hereto- officetiT7

A/anufacturing of Sope.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

March Inclo- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

«nre Bill cow wit ted

fore used as an Office for the Commissioners of the privjGani» Lottery, and to enable His Majesty to grant the said committed Premises, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-

Commons and Waste Grounds within tire Town or Hamlet of March, in the Manor and Parish of Dod-

dington, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the House, upon the said Bill.

Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; Townships or Hamlets of March and JVimblinglon, and and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others,

in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, and County who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qua-of Cambridge, was read a Second Time. Jifications within the Time limited by Law, and for

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General giving further Time for those Purposes; and to in-Adeanc, Mr. Charles Yorke, See.: And they are to demnify Alembers and Officers in Cities, Corpora-ineet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the tions, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have Speaker’s Chamber. been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or,

having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and Hull and Be- An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions defy Vili^assed^ en^ar8'n8 *h® Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Se- stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as 1 pa ‘ venteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the

George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign cution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and So-of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road be- licitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants tween the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the and for repairing the Jload from Narland Bridge to Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law,

Em

live

Gov

old

latic

pint

Carr7

iiidj

and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said

Riding, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between the House, upon the said Bill Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley,

in the East Riding of the County of York, and for re- Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart be added to the pairing the Road from Newland Bridge to the West Gentlemen, who are appointed prepare, and bring dtd to bring End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding. in, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Eleventh Ordered, That Mr. Robert Thornton do carry the Bill Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair-to the Ifirds, and desire their Concurrence. ing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End,

and to the Road between Leek and Sandon, on Metr ^d^otrir?' Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart be added to the Heath, and from Meir to Trentham, and from thence iu Great Cari- Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring to Stableford, in the County of Stafford, and for grant-on Drainage in, a Bill for more effectually draining certain Fen ing other Powers for those Purposes, and for repairing till. i. and

32 Geo. III.

30* Martii. — 2" Ap

Stone and Eecleshall Road Bill presented.

«tad improving the Read from a Place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Eecleshall, in foe said County of Stafford.

Mr. Henry Hdbart presented to the House, accord-a

635

Notice of the Bill for making and nd&fotaining a Navigable Canal from or near foe Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to foe River Trent, at or heir Ratcliffs, in foe Chnnty of Nottingham; and Setting forth, That foe Petitioners carry on a Trade of grfeat

ing to Ordet, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in Extent, and occupy a Harbour situate in the Mouth of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- the River the Mouth of which River is Annually

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stone silted up by the Sullage of the Tides in dry Seasons, to to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Sandon, the great Damage of the Petitioners; owing to foe Insuf-«m Mar Heath, and from Meir to Trentham, and from ficiency of the Quantity of Back-water flowing down the foends to Stablefori, in the County of Stafford, and for said River to scour away the same; and that by tile said granting other Powers for those Purposes, and for repair- Bill it i9 intended such Canal should be in Part supplied ing and improving the Road from a Place called Walton, with Water, which now does, and has always heretofore in Stone aforesaid, to Eecleshall, in the said County of flowed down the Channel of foe said River Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia Pay Bill com4 nutted.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in its present Form, the Harbour of the Petitioners will in future be more liable to silt up than formerly, For want of the Water to be taken from them for the Use of the said Canal, to the great Damage and Detriment of the Trade of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That

called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty- they may be heard by their Counsel against such Parts

East India Papers relative to the Government of the Carnatic, to be printed.

Carr’s Estate Bill reported, and passed.

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 33* Georgii ill11* Regis, 1792.

Pray irs.

ORDERED, That such a Number of Copies of the several Papers which were presented to foe House, upon Wednesday last, by Mr. Morton (from the Directors of the East India Company) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Lambton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Ralph Carr, Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the BHl in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

VI®'

E1* 8*'

Petition from A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the B6-Botton rough of Boston, in foe County of Lincoln, and of the against Gran- several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub-

BilfaCW,al 8®rihed, being Merchunts and Inhabitants of foe taid foe said County^ and to ah other Counties having Corfi-Borough, was presented to foe House, and readyThkirtg foercial hrtercourrde therewith*: And therefore praying, Vol. 47. That

of the said Bill as may be prejudicial to their Trade, and detrimental to their Harbour, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill to restrain the taking any Water from the River Witham, or any of the Brooks or Streams flowing into the same, for the Use or Supply of the said Canal.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common petition from Council of the City of Lincoln, and also of the several Lincoln other Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, agwnstGwu*. Inhabitants of the said City, was also presented to the Ca"d House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the City of Lincoln at present enjoys a very advantageous Situation for Commerce, being placed upon the Rivers Witham and Fosdyke, made navigable by Acts of Parliament, and affording to the Petitioners a Passage through the Town of Boston to the Sea, on the one Side, and to the River Trent, and the various and extensive Counties, Cities, and Towns having Communication therewith, and to the Humber on the other, and by those Means a vefy considerable Trade is carried on by the Petitioners, of the greatest Importance to the City, and to a large Part of the County of Lincoln, as the Wool, Coni,

Grain, and other Commodities, the Growth thereof, and Coal, Lead, Lime, Timber, and other Articles, the Produce of Yorkshire, and other Counties, are reciprocally carried and drawn to great, general, and mutual Benefit and Advantage; and that the said Navigations of Witham and Fosdyke have always been, and are now, supplied with Water by the River Witham, and have no other Means of Support, and the said River , m

dry Seasons, although assisted by many snrfali Brooks and Rivulets, which fall into it in its Course from above Grantham to Lincoln, affords a scanty Supply, and is oftentimes so insufficient for the Purposes, that a considerable Hindrance in dry Seasons happens to the Commerce of the Petitioners, and if any of the said Streams or Waters should be diverted or subtracted, that Commerce will be totally destroyed!; and that, by the said Bill, it is intended Such Canal should be in Parts supplied with Water Which does, and has always heretofore flowed down the Channel of the said River Withatn to Lincoln, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in its present Form, the Commerce of the Petitioners will be greatly injured, if not totally destroyed, foe Supply of that valuable Article Coal to the City of Lincoln, and its Vicinity, and the Means of conveying the Wool, Corny Grain, add' other Produce of the County of Lincoln, into the Trent, will be takeh away, to the great Detriment and Damage of the Petitioners, and to the manifest Injury of a large Pert of

636

2® Apri

A. 1792.

That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, Means of fulfilling the Covenants of his Lease with the against such Parts of the said Bill as may be prejudicial City of Lincoln, although still liable to pay certain Rents to their Trade, and that Provision may be made in the for the Remainder of his Term, to the great Damage said Bill to restrain the taking any Water from the River and Detriment of the Petitioner, and to the Ruin of Witham, or any of the Brooks or Streams flowing into a great and extensive Commerce of the first Importance the same, for the Use or Supply of the said Canal. and Utility to the Country at large: And therefore A Petition of Richard Ellison, of Thome, in the praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Coun-County of York, was also presented to the House, and sel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be pre-SwmCwiaT rea<*’ likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and judicial to his said Navigation, and that Provision may Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, passed in be made in the said Bill to restrain the taking any the Twenty-second and Twenty-third of King Charles Water from the River or any of the Brooks

Mr. Ellison's Petition

Bill.

the Second, for improving the Navigation between the Town of Boston and the River Trent, the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of Lincoln, were appointed, and did undertake to make Navigable that Part of the ancient Channel of Witham and Fosdyke (being Part of the Navigation so intended

to be improved) which lay betwixt the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, and the River and that,

the Years 1740 and

or Streams flowing into the same, for the Use or Supply of the said Canal.

A Petition of the most Noble Henry Duke of New- petition castle, and the humble Petition of the several other tit Duke «f Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Newcastle Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates,

Merchants, and Tradesmen, in and near the Town of tbam Caoal in tie Years .740 and 174 "‘the ^,d" Navigation Newar in the Counly of Ma Bill

having become much in Decay, and the Worts tlerein "e,wl5e ?T",e.d. *2^ ruinous, the said Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizen., and Com- 4""* Bl?’ Setting forth, Thai, f the

u v iL pv ct i j-j l t a-'* said I3jJ1 should pass into a Law as it now stands, the

monatyo e lyo inc ni , y t same will greatly affect and prejudice the Estates and their Hands and Seals, demise, for a Term of Years, T3____________, 9, 4, .....________________1 ‘r j ",

to Richard Ellison, the Father of the Petitioner, that flltS l f ds? rde fnd/n; Part of the Navigation which they had so undertaken, *restof the s.a,d 1° upon Trent: And

upon Condition that the said Richard Ellison, his th.erefore PrW Thf the X may be heard by them- — - - selves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said

Bill as may affect them or their Property.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should put the same into complete Repair, and in future maintain and support the Works thereof so as to have at all Times a Navigable Communication betwixt the said Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, and the River Trent, of Three Feet Six Inches deep, and subject to certain Annual Rents, and other Covenants, as in the said Lease are expressed, and, the said Richard Ellison, under the Sanction of the said Act of Parliament, and in Performance of the above recited Demise, did enter upon the said Navigation, and did, at a very great Expence, cleanse, deepen, make Locks, and other Works thereon; and that, in the Year 1743, the said Richard Ellison died, and the Petitioner his Son ex-

referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Vf«Idon

pended, for the Completion of the said Navigation, "ion and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, ^I,’rort ‘ ~ - -' -' - and Waste Grounds, in Great Weldon and Little Wei- Blli p8i^'

don, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Great Weldon and Little Win the

other very considerable Sums of Money, and has, from Time to Time, been, and now is, at very great and heavy Expences to keep the same in Order, conformable to the Covenants of the said Demise; and that the said Navigation is of infinite Advantage to the County and City of Lincoln, and County of York, and to all those various, extensive, and numerous Counties,

Cities, and Towns having Navigable Communication County of Northampton. with the River Trent, and a very considerable Com- Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

merce is thereby carried on to their mutual Benefits; Lords, and desire their Concurrence, and that the said Navigation has always been supplied

with its Water from, and is entirely dependent upon, , Wnssed Bill to the Term and Powers

the River Wit ham, which, rising above Grantham, re- f ingrossed Bill to enlarge the lerm and Powers Cnmoti

ceives in its Passage to Lincoln several contributory e -e, . eV«nA ,° Pr QuJosftnj

Brooks and Rivaled, but even with those Additions MWS Re1^ ,nt, tuIed’ An Act to enlarSe Km7

it is in dry Seasons very scanty, and scarcely sufficient

for the Services it has to perform, as another very beneficial Navigation, that of the Witham from Lincoln to Boston, is also entirely supported by it, and therefore the diverting the River Witham, or subtracting the Waters thereof, or of any of the Brooks, Streams, or Rivulets, that fall into the same, would be of infinite

" Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in passedthe Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George " the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road " from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry,

" in the County of Linlithgow," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Injury to those Navigations, and might effectually ruin ^e, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

them both; and that by the said Bill it is intended such Canal should be in Part supplied with Water which does and always has heretofore Sowed down the Channel of the said River Witham to Lincoln, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in its present Form, the Navigation of the Petitioner, undertaken upon the Faith of Parliament, and executed at a great Expence, would be very greatly injured, or totally destroyed, and the Petitioner would be deprived of the

made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and " Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twentyfourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, " as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond " Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County " of Linlithgow."

Ordered, That Mr. John Hope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

1

32 Geo. III.

2° Aprilis.

637

Servant* Character* Bill i

Petitions for' Abolition of the Slave Trade*

k

It

P

a

i-lu

-p* lK)l ill.,

iiili

He sai 'aits,) tli

sen;* jen!^ the *

'M

leu*

iutf

’em,

jii

r#

to

stys

rf

stt*

intj

to to

An ingrossed Bill to prerent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, ami desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Burgesses and other Inhabitants of the Borough of JVeobley, in the County of Hereford: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Free Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of SaUash, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of those, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham: And also,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, Heretors, and Inhabitants of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Town and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Inhabitants of the City and Vicinity of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the Managers and Inhabitants of the

Town of Stonehaoen, Head Borough of the County of

Kincardine, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Dunnottar, North Britain:

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Praying for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition front thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of the Canal from the Uiver Trent, Ca^al in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the against the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Nottingham Counties oi Derby and Nottingham, commonly called <'ana The EreuashCanal, was presented to the House, and

read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Cranford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near

Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described, from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth. That, should the said Bill pass into a Law. it will be highly prejudicial and injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners, and the

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of other Proprietors of The Erewash Canal: And therefore the City of Chester: And also, praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may

and other Inhabitants of the Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan: And also,

A Petition of the Portreeve, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the ancient Town of Market Lavington, and its Vicinity, in the County of Wills: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood^ of Staines, in Middlesex: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the Borough and Neighbourhood of Horsham: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder written Inhabitants of the Towns therein mentioned, in the County of Suffolk: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses, and other

not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be beard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for repairing and improving the Road Bury s»int leading from the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the aiurfhetford County of Suffolk, to and through the Town of Thet- R„ad Bill ford, in the County of Norfolk, to the present Turn- committed, pike Road leading from Lynn, through the Parish of Inhabitants of the Borough of Chipping Campden, in Cranwick, in the said County of Norfolk, was read a the County of Gloucester: And also. Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Inhabitants, of the Town and County of the Town of Randyll Burch, Mr. Buxton, See.: And they are to Poole: And also, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and Speaker’s Chamber.

Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton:

And also,. A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Warminster

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Merchants, Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for Roads*&c-. Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Clif- repairing several Roads leading from the Town of ton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon: And Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending *

Also, ~ ~

A Petition of the Liverymen of London, in Common Hall assembled: And also,

A Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Town and Vicinity of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, North Wales: And also,

several other Roads in or near the said Town, for repairing several Roads in, and leading through, the Town of Warminster, and for paving and repairing the Footways, and regulating the Market, within the said Town of Warminster, was read a Second Time.

Reso.ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

A Petition of the Presbytery of Linlithgow: And Goddard, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to *lso, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Pres- Speaker’s Chamber, bytery of Kirkaldy :And also,

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Pres- An ingrossed Bill for making, amending, and Bradford bytery of Saint Andrews: And also, keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of jMb- Ro*d Bl11 A Petition of the Presbytery of Fordoun, in the sons Lane, near the Town of Bi'adford, in the County pa*M ’ County of Kincardine, North Britain: And also, of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the

A Petition of the residen tHeritora, Minister, Kirk City of Bath to at or near Bat ford

Session, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Bridge, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Cyrus, in the County of Kincardine: And also, Time.

Vol. 47. 7 Z Resoked,

638

2° AptUis.

A.. 1792.

Manchester and Salford Police Bill presented.

Resolved, That' the' Bill do. pais: Add tbkt the very considerable; and Authorities1 and Restrictions Title be, An Act for mating, amending, and keeping have become necessary for the well regulating the in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, Management of the Said Rivers, and the proper Go-near the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, verninent of the Affairs’ of the Proprietors, which to join the Turnpike Iwad leading from the City of Were not foreseen at the Time of passing the before Bath to Kirigsdozcn, at or hear Bathfofd Bridge, in the mentioned Act, and which now render an Alteration County of Somerset. thereof necessary.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Lords, and desire their Concurrence. for altering and amending an Act, passed in the

Seventh Year of the Reign of his latie Majesty King Mr Blackburnepresented to the House, according the First, intituled, "An Act for making the

to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act; passed in the Fifth " Rivers Mercy (now called Mersey) and Irmell Year of the Reign1 of His present Majesty, intituled, a Navigable from Liverpool to , in the

" An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets 11 County Palatine of ,"

poses therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mersey and frtveJJ Navigation Peti

and for ineorpo-

" Lanes, and Passages, within the Towns of Man- rating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to u Chester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lan- declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal u caster, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, Estate: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas and for preventing Annoyances within the said Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

" Towns," and for granting other Powers for those

Purposes, and for watching the Said Towns, fat Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Chwljo r*. licensing and regulating Hackney Coadhes rind Chairs, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open1 and closure Bill and regulating Carmen and Porters, for widening and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste reporte ’ rendering mode convenient several of the Streets, Lands, called Cheslyn Common, in the Liberties of Lanes, and Passages, for opening Communications Great Little Saredon, and Great Wyrley in

with some of such Streets, and for regulating Party the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Walls within the said Towns, and for other Pur- Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with (except that the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed being Extra-parochial, the Notices as required by the said Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Standing Orders were given in Two adjoining Pa-..... ttu. whora the Petition of William Crosbie, Esquire, Joseph rishes); and that the Committee bad examined the

tioa reported. Tipping, Merchant, Henry Norris, and Thomas Lyon, Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

Esquires, and William Marsdeh, Corn Dealer, the true; and that the Parties concerned had given their

Committee of the Proprietors of the Mersey and Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-

Jrzre/lNavigation froth Liverpool to Manchester, irt mittee (except the Owners of 2» f Acres, who re-

t he County of Lancaster, for and on the Behalf of fused their Consent to the Bill, and also the Owners

themselves, and all others, the Proprietors of Shares of Acres, who could not be met with; and that the

in the said Navigation, was referred; That the Com- whole Property interested in the Inclosure consists of

mittee bad examined, and found that the Standing 292 Acres or thereabouts; and that no Person ap»

Orders of the House of the doth Day of July 1789, peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and but that the Standing Orders of the House of the made several Amendments thereunto, which they had 25th Day of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, directed him to report to the and he read the

had not been complied with, it not being proposed Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the to extend or in any Manner to alter the Line of the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Navigation, nor to raise any further Sum of Money Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; by Tolls or Duties for that Purpose; and that the and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pc- Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tition, and had directed him to report the same, as it the House, appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at ingrossed. the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and

is as followeth; viz. A Petition of die Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, Petition fm (

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, of the Town of Southampton, in Common Council fr an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of assembled, was presented to the House, and read; ttfflpton his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, Taking Bill regulating the Poor agaimt tie

11 An Act for making the Rivers Mercy and Irmell of the United Parishes within the Town and County of, Southarapw " Navigable, from Liverpool to Manchester, in the the Town of Southampton", and Setting forth, That Poor " County Palatine of Lancaster, "was read: And, by the said Bill, it is intended to repeal an Act of the Mr. William Fox., Agent to the Owners of Shares Thirteenth Year of present Majesty's Reign, in-in the said Navigation, being examined, said, That, tituled, " An Act for the better regulating the Poor, in pursuance of the Said Act, the said Rivers were " and repairing the Highways, within the Town and made Navigable, at a considerable Expence, and that County of Southampton; by which Repeal the Pe-sudi Navigation is bf Public Utility — That the Pro- titioners will be excluded from acting as Guardians of prietots or Owners of Shares are very numerous; and, the Poor, as by the said Act they were empowered; end a Doubt having arisen whether such Shares are of the the said Bill contains Clauses covertly derogatory to Nature of Real Estate, or whether the same ate Per- the Character and Conduct of the Petitionere as a sonal Property, the Petitioners are desirous that such Corporate Body, and invasive of Rights and Doubt should be removed, and the Shares declared ties enjoyed by them under Royal Chatters and Grants to be Personal Estate; and that the Proprietors may for many Centuries, tending also to subvert the good beHidorpbrated, by the Name bf uThe Company of ^Government of the said Town, and to render the *Proprietors of dm Mersey and IrivtU Navigation." Magistracy contemptible, and its Authority of none And the Witness added, That, by reason of the Effect towards controuling the manifest Increase of ’gtedt Increase of the Trade Of the County of Lancds- Lfbertmfsm And And therefore praying,

ter, the Navigation upon the said Rivers has become That they may be themselves or their

against

32 Geo. III.

2° Afrilis.

639

Downham Market Roads Bill patted.

Brough and Elloughton Road Bill passed.

gainst the said BtH, hoping to shew to the House the within the said Harbour, was committed; and to evil Consequences to be apprehended if it should pass whom the Petition of the several Persons, whoso into a Law, and that the* implied Charges against the Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors

Corporation spring from very unworthy Motives. of Land, Farmers, Landholders, and Occupiers of

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tythes, in the several Parishes of Saint Peter, Sfiint

Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and John, and Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of in

that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or the County of Kent, was referred; That the Coin-Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if inittee had heard Counsel in Support of the said they think tit. Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be said Petition. true; and that the Committee had gone through

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, upon Thursday Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant which they had directed him to report to the House;

April. and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, jesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments from the East End of the Bridge across the River were made by the House to the Bill.

Ouze, in Downham Market, to the Queens Head, and Ord, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be from the Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforesaid, ingrossed. to the East End of the Two Mile Close, in the Parish

of Barton, and towards Watton, to a Place called The A Petition of several Persons, Owners and Occu- Petition from

Devil's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk, and for stopping piers of Lands in the County of Lincoln, draining by up the Road leading from Stradset, through Barton the River or using the Navigation thereof, Lincolnshire,

Layes, towards IP at ton, was reed the Third lime. or of the Fosdyke Canal, within the said County, now against

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the resident in London, wras presented to the House, and £ran‘hanj'

Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and alter- read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are deeply ana 1 ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in interested in the Waters of the River fVitham, which the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- scour out the Outfall of their Drainage in Winter, and

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading supply their Cattle with Water in the Summer, and from the East End of the Bridge across the River that, for those Purposes, all the Water that now flows Ouze, in Downham Market, to the Queens Head, and down the suid River is scarcely sufficient, and their from the Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforesaid, Banks are capable of containing the Whole of the to the East End of the Two Mile Close, in the Parish Flood Water in Winter and in Summer, and it often of Barton, and towards Watton, to a Place called The happens, that for Three Months not any Water passes Devil's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk, and for stop- from the said River into the Sea; and that the Pe-ping up the Road leading from Stradset, through Barton titioners are informed that a Bill is depending in the Layes, towards Watton. House for making a Navigable Canal from Grantham,

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill in the said County, to the River Trent, in the County to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. of Nottingham, in which Bill a Clause, that had been

agreed upon by the Parties in the Country, for pro-An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and tecting the said W’aters from being diverted out of Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the the ancient Courses, is omitted, by which Omission Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act very great Injury will be done to the Petitioners, and " for repairing and widening the Road from the Low all other Persons, who are Owners or Occupiers of "Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near Lands draining by the said River William, or using " Brough Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the any Part thereof, or of the said Fosdyke Canal: And " East Riding of the County of York, to the North therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themEnd of the Town of Brough, and from thence, selves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill " through South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South as tend to deprive them of the Benefit of any Part of " Neu'bald Holmes, in the said Riding," was read the the Waters of the said River, and that effectual Pro-Third Time. vision may be made in the said Bill to restrain the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title taking any Part of such Waters for the Purpose of the be, an An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of said intended Navigation.

an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re- Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for " pairing and widening the Road from the Low making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or " Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln,

" Brough Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in (she to the River Trent, at or near Raicliffe, in the County " East Riding of the County of York, to the North of Nottingham, is committed; and that the Petitioners " End of the Town of Brough, and from thence, be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said " through South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

" Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding." Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said

Petition.

Broad Stairs The Lord North reported from the Committee, to Harbour Bill whom the Bill for repairing or re-building the Pier reported. adjoining to the Harbour of Broad Stairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and for the better preserving the said Harbour, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Anuoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels Vol. 47.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Stanley in-Waste Grounds within the Manor or Liberty of Stanley, closure in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time. commute.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Crewe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An

640

2* Aprilis.

A. \i92.

Bank of Scot laud Bill pawed.

An ngrossed Bill to enable the Governor and Com- Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time pany of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Tomorrow Morning.

Capital Stock of the said Company, was read the Third.

Time. Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Commit- St Bridt’j

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title tee, to whom the Bill for repairing, altering, and im- phurc^]fnd be, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of proving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing Stock of the said Company. a Workhouse for the same Parish, was committed;

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do That the Committee had examined the Allegations of carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur- the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

rence.

The Lord Apsky reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose

Cirencester,

&c.small

nreported. Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Town of

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

rencester, in the County of Gloucester, was referred; a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, who were Report from appointed to enquire into the Practice and Effects of Committe*

- 4 — J _ _ - . onitAinfJ (a

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, ----- ----- --- i — - ~ — — ----- ----- ----- ---- — - — .; -- aDuoimfd to

Mr. Joseph Pitt being examined, said, That many Imprisonment for Debt; That the Committee had (n()ajr(^ Persons residing in the said Town, and within the enquired accordingly, and had directed him to re- the Practice Hundreds of Cirencester, Brightwells, Barrato, Rap- Port the to the House; and he read the Report in and Effects sail, Bradley, Bisley, Longtree, Crawlhorne, and Minety, his Place> and norwards delivered the same, to-in the said County of Gloucester, contract small Debts, Sether w,th an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Debt and, although well able, frequently refuse to pay the Tab,e: Wher« Report was read; and is as fol-same, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors ^oweth v‘z-

lie under in the Recovery thereof by the present Committee, in reporting the Result of their

Forms of Law', to the great Loss and Detriment of Enquiries, are, in the First Place, to state the Law the fair Trader, and the Prevention of useful Credit; and Practice respecting the Arrest and Imprisonment and that, if a Jurisdiction were to be established within Defendants on Mesne Process, and of Debtors in the said Town and Hundreds, under proper Regula- Executions and Secondly, to shew the actual Ope-tions, for the Recovery of small Debts, in a Way less ra*,on and Effects of the Law, as far as they can be expensive and more expeditious than can be done at c°dected from the Facts which have been established present, it would be productive of great Advantage bJ Evidence before them. and Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Hundreds of Cirencester, Crowthorne and

Minty, Brightwells, Berrow, Rapsgate, Bradley, Bisley.

and Longtree, commonly called The Seven Hundreds effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests"

of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester: And that 13 enacted, " That from and after the 24th Day of the Lord Apsley and Mr. Richard Master do prepare, " June 1726, no Person shall be held to Special Bail;"

Imprisonment on Mesne Process.

By the Statute 12 Geo. I. C. 29. "for the more

and bring in, the same.

YVelton In-

(that is, shall be liable to Imprisonment for Want of such Bail) "upon any Process issuing out of any u Superior Court, where the Cause of Action shall not " amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards, nor " out of any Inferior Court, where the Cause of Action " shall not amount to the Sum of Forty Shillings or " upwards." And the Statute lgGeo. III. C. 70, stating, that " the Power of Arrest and Imprisonment on

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, cloture Bill and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the commuted. Parish of JVelton in the Marsh, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Tho- _ ___ __________ __________________________

rold, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this After- Mesne Process, issuing out of inferior Courts, where

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber. the Cause of Action does not amount to Ten Pounds,

" was found by Experience to be attended with much Bill to amend Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, ac- Oppression to great Numbers of His Majesty’s Sub-Act 31 Geo. 2. cording to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending enacts, that no Person shall be arrested or held

for theEn- an passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign to Bail, upon any Process out of any inferior Court, of "seamennt bls ^ate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, where the Cause of Action does not amount to Ten presented.’ "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed so that now there can be no Arrest on Mesne

" in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Process on a Demand under that Amount "Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain No subsequent Statute has raised the Amount of

(tPayment of their Wages;and for enabling them the Demand on which an Arrest may proceed, and " more easily and readily to remit the same for the Bail be required, since it was settled by the Statute of " Support of their Wives and Families, and for pre- George the First, in the Year 1725: And that Statute,

" venting Frauds and Abuses attending such Pay- " for the more effectual preventing frivolous and " meats; " and for further extending the Benefits there- " vexatious instead of abridging, enlarged

of to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned the Power of Arrest; for it bad been the Practice Officens of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may of the Courts, for the greater Part of a Century have served, on Board any of His Majesty's Ships: before, to confine Arrest and bolding to Special Bad And the same was received; and read the First to Cases where the Demand amounted to Twenty Time. Pounds and upwards.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. The Privilege of Peerage, of Parliament, and of

Ambassadors,

32 Geo. III.

2° Aprilis.

641

Ambassadors, not being within the present Subject, the only Exceptions from the general Law at present are the Cases of Defendants within the Principality of Wales or the Counties Palatine(\ i and 12 Will. III. C. 9.) and of Volunteer Seamen and Soldiers, who cannot be arrested or holden to Bail for any Sum under Twenty Pounds.

The Statute of George the First requires, that to authorize an Arrest, Affidavit shall be made by the Plaintiff of the Cause of Action, and the Sum or Sums specified in the Affidavit indorsed on the Back of the Writ or Process; for which Sum or Sums, so indorsed on the Back of the Writ, the Sheriff shall take Bail, and for no more.

The Plaintiff, if he does not sue as an Executor, Administrator, or Assignee, must, according to the Practice of the Court of King's , swear to the Existence and Amount of the Debt positively and absolutely; and no cross Affidavit on the Part of the Defendant is admitted.

By the Practice of the Court of Common Pleas, an Affidavit of the Defendant is, with some Reserve, admitted to shew the Impossibility of the Debt, in Opposition to the positive Oath of the Plaintiff; and an Answer to new Facts is of course permitted on the Part of the Plaintiff. If the Defendant, after the Arrest, apply to be discharged on Common Bail by Affidavit, the Court will examine into the Foundation of the Arrest, and relieve him either totally, or by diminishing the Amount of the Bail, if the Circumstances of the supposed Debt are grossly improbable, or d isproved by written Documents.

And it appears from the Practice of all the Courts, both with respect to the Arrest and the subsequent Proceedings, that wherever they have a Discretion, the Judges proceed with a liberal Regard to personal Liberty.

A Defendant may be arrested, and for Want of . Bail, imprisoned, upon the Affidavit of an Executor, Administrator, or Assignee, to Belief only that the Debt is due.

The Affidavit may be made by the Plaintiffs Wife, or a Third Person, and sworn before a Commissioner; which has been held by the Court of King's Batch to be sufficient, though the Commissioner was concerned as Attorney for the Plaintiff; but an Affidavit so sworn before a Commissioner, who is Attorney for the Plaintiff, is held not to be sufficient by the Court of Common Pleas.

An Affidavit sworn Abroad, in Foreign Parts, will

the Arrest, the Courts have a discretionary Power to Report on discharge the Defendant on Common Bail.

What is called Common Bail, is Bail in the fictitious Names of Doe and Roe; merely to preserve the Form of Proceeding.

Imprison* ment for Debt.

Regard to

An Arrest may be made at any Hour, by Day or by Night, and on any Day, Sunday excepted.

In the Execution of an Arrest on legal Process, the Officer having got peaceably in at the outer Door, may break open the Door of an inner Apartment to arrest the Defendant or Debtor; and may do so with Circumstances of extreme Violence. Accordingly, in a Case where the Officers had broken into a Bedchamber, in which the Defendant and his Wife were in Bed, and had conducted themselves with great Outrage; and in another, where the Door was broke open with such Violence that it fell, and with it the Officer, into the Room, it was held (necessarily as the Law stands) that as they had peaceably entered at the outer Door, there was nothing unlawful in the Arrest.

A Plaintiff may arrest the Defendant, imprison him for want of Bail, and there detain him in Custody, though he knows and admits that such Defendant is sane; and the Courts cannot discharge the Defendant out of Prison, either where he has become insane while in Prison, or was insane at the Time of the Arrest.

Nor can the Court or Judges pay any Affidavits that the Defendant is in a State of dangerous Sickness, and cannot be removed from his own House, or detained in Prison, but at the extreme Hazard of his Life. They cannot make any Order to keep him in Custody in his own House, without carrying him to a Lock-up House or Prison in the one Case, nor for removing him from Prison in the other.

And the Law has made no Provision for supplying indigent Prisoners with necessary Food, Bed Clothes, or Covering of any Kind.

O «/

The Plaintiff cannot in any Case be obliged, either before the Arrest of the Defendant, or during the Course of the Action, on special Circumstances, however strong, to give Security that he shall prosecute the Action with Effect, or for the Damages which the Defendant may be entitled eventually to recover for being groundlessly and maliciously arrested and held to Bail; nor can he be required or compelled to give Security for Costs, except in the single Case where it shall be made appear, upon Motion to the Court, that he resides in a Foreign Country, or beyond the Reach of the Laws of England.

A Defendant, after being arrested, is held to be in

not be received as of itself sufficient; but such an Affidavit made before a Magistrate of the Country the Custody of the Sheriff, who is answerable to the where it is sworn, and supported by an Affidavit made Plaintiff accordingly for the Debt and Costs if the

here, of a Person who was present when the Plaintiff’s Affidavit was sworn Abroad, confirming also the Truth of the other, will be received as sufficient to warrant an Arrest.

Where the Damages are uncertain, as in the Case of an Agreement or Covenant to indemnify, &c. or a Tort or Trespass, there can be no Arrest without a special Order of the Court, or a Judge, on a full Affidavit of the Circumstances. Such a special Order to arrest may, at the Discretion of the Judge, be granted where, for Instance, there has been a violent Battery or Mayhem, or where the Defendant is about to quit the Kingdom; but not without the Affidavit of another Person, swearing positively to the Cause of Action.

The Defendant may be arrested of course upon the common Affidavit in general Terms, in an Action of Tracer, that is, an Action for recovering the Value of Goods, thohgh there the Damages are uncertain: But in that Case the Defendant has a Right to bring into Court the Goods or Thing demanded, and on so doing, to be discharged on Common Bail. And in every Case where there has been any Irregularity in Vot. 47-

Defendant does not appear; and therefore the Sheriff) or his Officer, may suffer the Defendant to go free; but as the Sheriff is bound by the Statute of Henry the Sixth to take sufficient Bail, if offered, so, according to the ordinary Course, he requires a Bail Bond by Two Sureties who are House-keepers, for the Defendant’s Appearance, to the Amount of double the Sum in the Writ.

A Defendant cannot relieve himself from Custody by depositing a Sum of Money in the Hands of the Sheriff or Officer to abide the Event, instead of Bail.

If a Defendant under Arrest do not either pay the Plaintiff his Demand, or find Bail to the Satisfaction of the Sheriff, he must remain in the Custody of the Officer for Twenty-four Hours at least (32 Geo. II. c. 28); and may then, or sooner if, in the Case provided for by the Statute, it becomes necessary, be carried to Gaol. But though the Officer may then carry him to Gaol, he is not bound so to do, but may keep him in Custody in what is commonly called a Lock-up or Spunging House.

The Situation of a Defendant while thus in the 8 A Custody

642

2° April. . 1792.

Report on Custody of the S lie riff’s Officer, has been anxiously

JST Provided for by the above Statute, 32 Gpo. II. C. 28.

Debt. which contains many Regulations for the Prevention

of that Extortion and Abuse to which the Defendant’s Circumstances might there expose him. And a Defendant (if he find it convenient so to do) may therefore insist upon being treated, while in the Custody of the Sheriff’s Officer, according to the Rules laid down by that Statute.

If a Prisoner has been obliged to submit to Extortion, or if Advantage has in any respect been taken by the Bailiff or Officer of the Prisoner’s Situation, while in the Lock-up House, contrary to the Rules laid down by the Statute, the Prisoner may complain, by Petition to the Court, or a Judge in Time of Vacation; and f he can make good his Charge to the Satisfaction of the Court or Judge, the Officer will be punished under the Statute.

A Plaintiff proceeds regularly in his Action if he deliver a Declaration before the End of the next Term ^fter the Writ is returnable. The Defendant may therefore be Seven Months in Gaol before the Plaintiff is obliged to deliver him a Declaration, stating fully the Cause of Action, and upwards of Twelve Months before the Cause is brought to Trial.

And during that Period, supposing the re has been no Irregularity in the Arrest or Imprisonment (for in case of any such Irregularity the Courts, as before stated, have a discretionary Power to discharge) the Defendant has no Means of obtaining his Liberty, if he capnot find Special Bail; the Statute to be afterwards mentioned, commonly called the Lords Act, respects only Debtors in Execution, and not Defendants on Mesne Process.

If, in Consequence of the Plaintiff’s neglecting to proceed according to the Practice of the Court, the Defendant is entitled to be superseded, or set at Liberty, he must proceed regularly lor that Purpose as follows; He must get a Certificate of the Causes he is charged with, with an Affidavit (if he is in a County Gaol) of the Gaoler’s having signed such Certificate; he must then take out a Summons from a Judge, for the Plaintiff to shew Cause why a Writ of Supersedeas should not issue to discharge the Defendantthat Summons he must serve on the Plaintiff’s Attorney, and if the Plaintiff’s Attorney do not attend the Judge, Affidavit must be made of such Service, and of the Attendance of the Defendant’s Attorney, upon which the Judge will grant an Order for the Defendant’s Discharge. The Course of Proceeding is nearly the same when he is confined in the King's Bench or any other Prison.

If the Defendant is unable to defray the Expence of such Proceedings, he must remain in though

legally entitled to his Discharge.

If he is able to defray the pxpence, and obtains his Liberty either upon the Plaintiff’s neglecting to proceed regularly, or discontinuing the Action, or being nonsuited, or a Verdict being given for the Defendant on Trial of the Cause, the Defendant is only entitled to Costs as they are taxed by the proper Officer of Court, and which are in no Case newly sufficient to reimburse the Defendant what he is obliged to pay to his own Attorney; Costs, as between Party and Attorney, being considerably greater than Costs tailed and allowed as between Party and Party.

And a Defendant who has been so arrested and Sped in Prison, pending the Proceedings in the Action,

Is in no Case entitled to any Allowance ia Addition to taxed Costs, for Damages, on Account of his Arrest and Imprisonment.

If, indeed, he can bring Evidence of Malice in the plaintiff, and is able to support the Expence of a separate Action for maliciously arresting and holding him to BailI, he way recover Damages the Arrest

and Imprisonment. Rot it is not sufficient, in such an Action, to shew that the Demand on which he was arrested and imprisoned was groundless; because it does not from thence follow, that the Arrest and Imprisonment was malicious. The Circumstances must be so strong, as to satisfy a Jury, that when the Plaintiff commenced the Action, he could have no Reason whatever to expect a Judgment in his Favour, upon its Merits.

An Ipdictmeat for Perjury must be supported by stiff stronger Evidence, and besides affords no Means of Redress to the Prosecutor.

A Defendant may therefore be able to shew that he has been ruined by an Arrest and Imprisonment on an Action, which was discontinued by the Plaintiff after the Defendant had been several Months in Gaol, or was found on the Trial of the Cause to be groundless, and has no Means of obtaining Redress, or even complete Reimbursement of the Expence he has been obliged to lay out in defending himself, in Prison, against an unjust Demand.

And the Whole has proceeded upon an Oath of the Party, which is not received as Evidence, or entitled to any Attention at the Trial of the Cause.

And your Committee further report. That a great Variety of Proceedings is the Consequence of an Arrest, however small the Demand may be, if the Defendant do not go to Gaol, none of which are necessary, or can occur, where the Defendant is not arrested. Some of those Proceedings shall here be stated, according to the Practice of the Court of King’s Bench.

The Defendant, as already stated, must, in the ordinary Course of Proceeding, give a Bail Bond to the Sheriff, with Two sufficient Sureties; and in order that the same Bail may be afterwards received in Court, it is, in general, required that they shall be House-keepers.

Within a limited Time, Special Bail, or Bail above, must be put in, that is, the Bail given to the Sheriff or Two other sufficient House-keepers, must enter into a Recognizance that the Defendant sbaii pay the Condemnation Money (*. e. the Debt and Costs for which Judgment shall be obtained) or render his Body to Prison. This may be done either before a Judge, or before a Commissioner in the Country; proper Notices in Writing being given of the Proceeding.

The Plaintiff may, within certain Time, except to the Bail, and insist on their appearing in open Court, and justifying, by swearing that they are House-keepers, and each worth double the Sum for which the Defendant was ar rested, after their own Debts are discharged; due

Notice in Writing being given. Or the Defendant may give Notice in Writing, that his Bail will justify in open Court on a certain Day.

Bail may justify before a Commissioner in the Countiy.

If the Bail put in are willing to justify, and accordingly appear in Court ready to swear that they are House-keepers worth double the Sum for which the Action is brought, after their Debts are discharged, they may be examined on the Part of the Plaintiff; end if upon such Examination they are held to be insufficient, they are of course rejected.

If the Bail cannot, or will not justify, others must be procured for that Purpose in their Stead, the necessary Notice being given; and the former Bail must move the Court to be exonerated or discharged.

The necessary Notices in the Course of these, and other incidental Proceedings, must be proved upon Oath by Affidavits.

It is by putting in Special Bail above, or in Court, who can undergo this Examination, that the Defers dant appears. If he has not therefore put in such

Special

32 Geo. III.

Special Bail, or if the Bail, being excepted to, do not justify within the Time limited, the Defendant has not appeared, and the Plaintiff may elect, either to come ia Place of the Sheriff, by taking an Assignment to the Bail Bond given on the Arrest for the Defendant’s Appearance (i. e. for his putting in sufficient Bail above) or to take the Sheriff himself for his Security, and proceed against him, as being responsible for the Defendant’s Appearance.

If the Plaintiff chuse the former Course, he must tpply to the Sheriff, or the proper Officer acting for him, for an Assignment of the Bail Bond, which the Sheriff is bound by Statute, at the Request and Cost of the Plaintiff or his Attorney, to give; whereupon the Sheriff’s Responsibility is at an End. And this in the proper Course, if the Plaintiff is satisfied with the Sufficiency of the Sureties taken by the Sheriff; in which Case he may take such Assignment to the Bail Bond in the First Instance, though the Time allowed for putting in Special Bail to the Action be not elapsed, or the Bail put in has not been rejected.

If the Plaintiff, disliking the Sureties taken by the Sheriff, or from any other Motive, chuse the latter and more expensive Course of Proceeding, an Order or Rule of Court must be served on the Sheriff to return the Writ (*. e.) to make a Return to the Court of what he has done upon the Writ commanding him to take the Body of the Defendant. And the Sheriff must, in Consequence of his having arrested the Defendant, state in his Return Cepi Corpus, or make no Return; in either of which Cases a Second Rule of Court must issue against him, commanding him to bring in the Body of the Defendant. This the Sheriff cannot literally obey, because the Defendant is not actually in his Custody; but the Object of the Rule is accomplished by his putting in, and, as already described, perfecting Special Bail for the Defendant; which Bail may either be the Sureties taken by him on the Arrest, or other Sureties as above stated.

In Addition to these Proceedings, occasioned by the Arrest of the Defendant, and holding him to Special Bail, a Variety of incidental Steps may, and generally do, arise from Circumstances; and besides the Notices, Affidavits, and Business in the Offices, which are managed by the Attornies in the Cause, the Appearance of Counsel, in the Course of such preliminary Proceedings, is frequently necessary.

The removing of Prisoners from one Prison to another by Habeas Corpus, and which they may themselves procure to be done, by Means of Process issuing at the Suit of a Friend, is also attended with a very considerable Expence.

From the Time of the Arrest, the Defendant, though not actually, is legally in Custody, First of the Sheriff, and afterwards of the Special Bail, who are bound alternatively, either to pay the Condemnation Money, or to surrender the Defendant. They can therefore take and surrender him, or he may surrender himself, at any Stage of the Cause, and the Bail is thereby discharged, the Defendant being then imprisoned as if no Bail had been found: And in that Case the Effect of holding to Bail, and all the subsequent Proceedings, has only beent to save the Defendant from Imprisonment pending the Action; at an Expence which must ultimately affect the Creditor, either if the Debtor was Insolvent at the Time of the Arrest, or has become Insolvent by what he has so expended for the Purpose of avoiding Imprisonment as long as possible. Every Item removes the Creditor one Step farther from the Satisfaction he is iD Quest of.

The Attornies Bills on both Sides must be paid; and the Bail, having at last discharged themselves by Vol. 47.

trilis. 643

Surrender, nothing remains to satisfy the Debt, and reimburse the Creditor what he has been obliged to expend, but the Body of his Insolvent Debtor in Prison.

Imprisonment of Debtors in Execution.

Upon the Subject of Imprisonment of Debtors in Execution your Committee report as follows.

A Debtor may be imprisoned in Execution, upon a Capias ad Satisfaciendum, for a Debt of any Amount, however small; and though manifestly unable to discharge the Debt, and at all Times ready to give up his Effects, he may be detained in Prison, if his Creditor think proper, for Life, without any possible Means of regaining his Liberty; with the single Exception of a Debtor who happens, as a Trader, to be protected by the Certificate of Bankrupt.

A Person known and admitted to be , as he may be arrested on Mesne Process, so he may be imprisoned in Execution, and detained in Prison for any Length of Time; the Courts not having it in their Power to discharge him, or take his Body from the Creditor.

A Prisoner in the King's Bench, or Fleet Prison, is confined either within the Walls, or what is called the Rules, which is a certain District beyond the Walls, where the Prisoner lives at Large, in Consequence of Permission given by the Keeper of the Gaol, for a certain Fee, fixed at his Discretion, according to the Amount of the Debt. This Practice had its Origin in a temporary Arrangement whilst the Prisons were re-building, and has long continued.

The Rules of the King's Bench Prison are under the Controul of the Court of King’s Bench, and the Rules of the Fleet are under the Controul of the Court of Common Pleas.

The Case of Debtors imprisoned on the Precepts or Warrants of Special Courts of Conscience, established by particular Acts of Parliament, is the Subject of a particular Statute; viz.25 Geo. III. C. 45. The Evil or Mischief is described in the Preamble of that Statute as follows: " Whereas by various Acts of Parliament now in Force, and made to establish or " regulate Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts,

" particularly in the City of London, the County of " Middlesex, the City and Liberty of Westminster, the " Tower Hamlets, and within the Town and Borough " of Southwark, there is no uniform Time limited for " the Duration of the Imprisonment of the Defendant " or Debtor, against whom an Execution, Process of " Contempt, or Precept in the Nature of an Execution, is issued, for Non-payment of such Debts " and Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, as by the Order or Orders of such Courts such Debtor or Defendant is ordered or directed to pay; but such " Debtors or Defendants are by such Acts of Parliament to be committed to Prison, there to remain " for an indefnite Length of Time, until he, she, or " they shall perform the Order of the Court or Commissioners in that Behalf; so that it frequently " pens, that a poor Person, who is not of Ability to pay " a Debt of or under Forty Shillings, is imprisoned for " many Months, and sometimes for Years, without a

" sibility of being discharged: And whereas it often

" happens that poor Persons, who are committed to " Prison by virtue of and in pursuance of the said " Acts of Parliament, for a trifling Debt, are kept in " Custody after they have been enabled to pay and " discharge such Debt, for G Fees, notwithstanding " it does not appear by the Table of Fees in such Acts of Parliament that any Gaol Fees whatever are " to be taken or paid:" For Remedy whereof, the Statute enacts, that where the Debt does not exceed Twenty Shillings, the Debtor shall not be confined

Report 00 Imprison-njent for Debt.

on

>rison-it for

644 2°

for more than Twenty Days; and where it does not amount to or exceed Forty Shillings, he shall not be confined more than Forty Days’, and he is to be discharged without Payment of any Fees claimed as Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees.

The Statute 32 Geo. II. c. 28, commonly called the Lords Act, lately extended by 26 Geo. III. C. 44, is confined to the Case of Debtors in Execution for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole 200l. formerly 100l.; and even in that Case a Debtor cannot obtain his Liberty if his Creditor think proper, on certain Terms, to prevent him. But, in order to give a correct View of the Operation of that Statute, your Committee will, in the First Place, state the Course of Proceedings, which the Statute prescribes to the Insolvent Debtor: And, Secondly, the Nature of the Relief which he may obtain under it.

Before an Insolvent Debtor, whose Case falls within the Description of the Act, can obtain any Benefit under it, he must, at his own Expence, proceed as follows: — After making up a Schedule, or Account in Writing of his Estate and Effects, he must, Fourteen Days before presenting his Petition, cause a Notice in Writing to be served on the Creditors, at whose Suit he stands imprisoned, at their usual Place or Places of Abode, or if they cannot be met with, on their respective Attornies or Agents; in which Notice a Copy of the Schedule, which the Debtor intends to deliver into Court, must be set forth. A Petition must then be drawn up, and presented to the Court out of which the Process issues, or into which he may have been removed by Habeas Corpus, certifying the Cause or Causes of his Imprisonment, and setting forth a particular Account of the Estate and Effects then belonging to him, or which did belong to him at the Time of his first Imprisonment in the Action, and of all Securities, Deeds, and Writings respecting the same, with the Names and Places of Abode of the Witnesses to such Securities, Deeds, and Writings, so far as he knows. An Affidavit or Affidavits of the due Service of every such Notice must then be delivered with the Petition at the Time of presenting thereof, and openly read in Court. Oath must also be made, if any Part of his Debts have been paid, that the Petitioner remains in Execution for no greater Amount of Debts than the Act prescribes. If the Court find that the Notices have been regular, and duly served upon the Creditors, the Petition is then received. Upon which the several Creditors must be summoned, on a Rule of Court, to appear personally in Court on a certain Day. And lastly, an Affidavit or Affidavits must be made of the due Service of such Rule or Order. The Court are then in a summary Way to examine into the Matter, and the Prisoner having made Oath in open Court that he has made a full and fair Discovery of his Estate and Effects, the same are to be assigned over to the Creditor or Creditors who shall have charged any such Prisoner in Execution, to be sold and disposed of with all convenient Speed, for the Benefit of such Creditor or Creditors, and the Net Produce thereof divided among them. Prisoners in Gaol, at the Distance of more than Twenty Miles from Westminster Hall, are to be brought up at the Assizes; or, if in or the County Palatine of Chester, at the respective Great Sessions.

If the Insolvent Debtor has been able to defray the necessary Expence of these Proceedings, and no Irregularity or Defect appear in them, he is entitled to the Benefit of the Statute. And the Nature of that Benefit is now to be stated.

If none of the Creditors who have charged him in Execution insist on his being still detained in Custody,

St

rilis. A. 1792.

after he has thus surrendered his Effects, or if he has not been charged in Execution since his Petition was presented, he is to be discharged, and set at Liberty.

But any One Creditor, who has charged^ him in Execution, may, without assigning any Reason what ever, after the Prisoner has been at the Expence of proceeding as above, and has surrendered his Effects upon Oath, insist upon the Prisoner’s being still detained in Prison. In that Case, the Court must remand him — and he may be confined in Prison for Life, provided the Creditors agree to allow and regularly pay him Four Pence a Day for his Subsistence.

If none of the Creditors think proper to detain him on these Terms, and he obtains his Liberty, he may be instantly seized upon a fresh Arrest, and again imprisoned, by any Creditor at whose Suit he was not in Execution at the Time of his Discharge; in which Case he must again (if he is able) go through the same Course to regain his Liberty, or the Alternative of a Groat a Day in Prison.

Your Committee further report, That as an honest imprisoned Debtor, who is ready to shew that he has been reduced by Misfortune to a State of Insolvency, and who has no Property, or is willing to give up what he has, may be detained by his Creditor in Prison for Life, so a dishonest Insolvent Debtor, who is not within the Bankrupt Laws, and in fact declared a Bankrupt, or who is not within the above Statute, commonly called the Lords Act, and in fact brought up by his Creditors under it, and who is possessed of Property, may use that Property, or dispose of it at Pleasure, to the Exclusion of his Creditors at whose Suit he is imprisoned; because it has long been established at Common Law, that a Creditor who imprisons his Debtor’s Body in Execution, thereby loses his Right of Execution against his Debtor’s Estate, upon the Principle that the Imprisonment of the Debtor in Execution is a complete Satisfaction of the Debt to the Creditor.

The Statute 21 James I. c. 24, which recognizes this as established Law with respect to the Debtor’s Estate during his Life, does no more than declare, that the Creditor’s Right of Execution against whatever Estate his imprisoned Debtor may have belonging to him, if he die in Execution, shall then'revive.

That Statute describes the Evil as follows: " Forasmuch as daily Experience doth manifest that " divers Persons of Sufficiency in Real and Personal " Estate, minding to deceive others of their just " Debts, for which they stood charged in Execution, " have obstinately and wilfully chosen rather to live " and die in Prison than to make any Satisfaction according to their Abilities: Therefore it is declared and enacted, " That the Party or Parties at " whose Suit, or to whom any Person shall stand " charged in Execution for any Debt or Damages " recovered, his Executors, &c. may, after the Death " of the Person so charged, and dying in Execution, " lawfully sue forth, and have new Execution against " the Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chattels, " or any of them, of the Person so deceased, in such " Manner and Form, See. as if such Person so deceased had never been taken or charged in Execution.’’

But the Statute, while it confirms the Common Law which takes from the Creditor his Execution against the Property of his imprisoned Debtor, has provided no Means by which the Debtor can be prevented from spending or dissipating his Estate in Prison; or from conveying away or disposing of his Effects, so as to render the Right of Execution, on his Death, abortive.

And your Committee report, That by the Lords

32 Geo. III.

2° Aprilis. 645

Act, which authorizes Creditors to require every Prisoner, in Execution at their Suit (who is imprisoned for Debts not exceeding Two hundred Pounds in Total Amount) to give up or surrender his Effects, it is Enacted, That every such Prisoner so required, who shall neglect or refuse to deliver in a just and true Account of his Estate and Effects, and refuse to assign the same, shall, upon Conviction, be transported for Seven Years.

But your Committee do not find, that Imprisonment for Debt is in any other Instance made the Means of exposing Insolvent Debtors to Examination and Prosecution for fraudulent Conduct of any Kind or Description. Nor is a fraudulent Insolvent Debtor, as such, the Object of public Punishment.

PART II4.

Your Committee having, in the former Part of this Report, stated the Law respecting Imprisonment for Debt, both on Mesne Process and in Execution, and that which has been established as legal Practice; for the Purpose of shewing what may be done by Debtors to defraud their Creditors, and by Creditors to harass, oppress, or extort from their Debtors, are now to report what actually does happen under the Operation of the Law and Practice which have been so established.

This they have been enabled to do by Evidence obtained in the following Course of Enquiry.

In consequence of an Order made in the last Session of Parliament, directed to the Sheriffs of the several Counties in England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, that Lists should be prepared and returned of the Names of all the Persons who should be confined for Debt, on the 1 st Day of October 1791, in the several Prisons within England, Wales, and in Berwick upon Tweed; distinguishing whether such Persons were so confined in Execution or upon Mesne Process; and specifying the particular Sums for which such Persons were charged respectively, and the Times when they were first committed, and which of them were married and had Children, as far as it could be done; and also specifying how many of the said Debtors receive Allowances under the Acts commonly called the Lords Acts, with several other Particulars which it is not here necessary to mention; — and in consequence of other Orders to the same Purpose, Returns have been made from the following Prisons;

The Kings Bench, Fleet, Newgate, Poultry

Compter, New Compter, Borough Compter, Whitechapel, Anglesey, Aylesbury, Appleby, Bedford, Berkshire, Bristol, Brecknockshire, Berwick, Buckinghamshire, Cambridge, Chester, Coventry, Chelmsford, Cardiff, Cornwall, Cumberland, Carmarthen, Cardigan, Denbigh, Durham, Devon, Dorset, Exeter, Flint, Gloucester County, Gloucester City, Gower, Hampshire, Huntingdon, Horsham, Hertfordshire, Herefordshire, Kent, Kingston, King’s Lynn, Lenion, Lincoln Castle, Lincoln City, Lancaster County, Leicester, Leicester City, Monmouth, Montgomery, Newcastle, Newark, Nottingham, Norwich, Norwich Castle, Nottinghamshire, Northumberland, Northamptonshire, Oakham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Pembroke, Stafford, Surrey, Southampton, Salop, Sussex, Worcester City, Worcester County, Wiltshire, Warwick, Westmoreland, Great Yarmouth, Yorkshire, comprehending York Castle, Batley, Sheffield, Knaresborough Honour, Richmond, Beverley, and Beverley Hall-Garth Gaols.

No Returns have been made from the other Prisons in the Kingdom, and some Delay has arisen on that Account; but as your Committee were of Opinion, upon inspecting the Returns received, that they afforded ample Materials for a Report upon the Facts , Vo l. 47.

which they wished to ascertain by such Returns, they Report on have thought it unnecessary to delay their Proceedings longer till more complete Returns could be obtained. j)ebt

Your Committee, appointed in the last Session of Parliament, having visited His Majesty’s Gaol of the King’s Bench, and there made such Enquiries as they thought material; and having examined the Marshal of that Prison, Warden of the Fleet, and Keepers of other Prisons, and such other Persons as had Opportunities, either Officially or otherwise, of knowing material Facts, your Committee have likewise before them the written Minutes of such Enquiries and Examinations.

Your Committee having also, in the Course of the present Session of Parliament, examined several Witnesses, Copies of the Minutes of their Examinations, with those of the Committee appointed in the last Session of Parliament, are to be found in the Appendix to this Report.

A great Number of Accounts in Writing of the particular Cases ot Prisoners for Debt, as stated by themselves, have been presented to your Committee; but although many of those Cases contain Charges sufficiently strong to suggest the Necessity of affording to Prisoners some Opportunity of being legally heard, yet your Committee do not think it proper to report upon Circumstances stated on One Side only, where they are not supported by better Evidence.

Arrest and Imprisonment on Mesne Process.

It has been stated in the former Part of this Report, that an Arrest and Imprisonment on Mesne Process may proceed on an Affidavit of Debt to the Amount of 10/. The following Facts will shew the Extent of the Practice under this Law.

It appears from the Evidence of the acting Under BirchelPs Sheriff of Middlesex, speaking from the Entries in his Evidence-Books, that there are issued Annually into that County alone, exclusive of London, about 9,500 bailable Writs, that is, Writs on which the Defendant must be imprisoned, if he do not find Bail; and that between 5 and 6,000 Arrests on such Writs of Mesne Process are actually made.

Of the 9,500 bailable Writs Annually issued into-'-that County, about 7,000 appear to be for Sums under 50/.

And about Half the total Number of Writs are for Sums under 20/.; the Number of bailable Writs for such small Sums increasing rapidly.

Of the Number of those Defendants who are actually arrested in Middlesex, exclusive of London, some Thousands are stated to be Annually carried by the Officers or Bailiffs to what are called Lock-up or Spunging Houses; not One out of Five settling the Debt on the Arrest.

About 900 of the Defendants so arrested in Middlesex, exclusive of London, are supposed actually to go to Prison.

And more than One Half of those who go to Prison are committed for Debts under 20/.

It appears from the Evidence of the Secondary of Crowthers London, that about 3,055 bailable Writs are issued F.videnre. into London, as distinct from the County of Middlesex — and other Particulars are stated to be nearly in the same Proportions as in Middlesex.

A Fee is usually paid to the Officer who makes the Arrest, in Proportion to the Amount of the Debt.

The usual Expence of an Arrest, and completing the Defendant’s Appearance by Special Bail, in a simple Case, unattended with special Circumstances, or extraordinary Proceedings, is stated to be about 81, for One Actiota, the Expence increasing according tcTthe Number of Actions, so that if a Defendant is held to Bail on Three Actions for 10/. each, the

8 B Expence

Report on Expence of the Arrest, and the necessary Proceedings Imprison- in consequence of the Arrest, completing his Ap-Debt for Pearance by Special Bail, will amount to about 241.

or 251.This is computed by the acting Sheriff of Middlesex as the least possible Expence in such a Case.

But as there are frequently extraordinary incidental Proceedings occasioned by the Arrest and holding to Bail, such as have been mentioned in the First Part of this Report, the Expence is of course on many Occasions considerably greater.

The Surrender of the Defendant in Discharge of Bail, very frequently occurs after the whole Expence of the Arrest and holding to Bail has been incurred; and in that Case, as before stated, the Plaintiff is in the same Situation as if no Proceedings subsequent to the Arrest had taken Place. The Defendant is thus surrendered, sometimes by Bail put in by himself, and sometimes by Bail put in by the Sheriff; which in Practice is often done by the Sheriff for the single Purpose of surrendering the Defendant

A Deposit of Money is frequently offered by the Defendant to the Sheriff or his Officer on the Arrest, to abide the Event, instead of Bail, which the Party may not, in many Situations, be able to procure. But such a Deposit of Money, though it equal the Amount of the Debt, is always refused by the Sheriff (but not always by the Officer) as contrary to Law.

The Sheriff is bound to take sufficient Bail, if tendered to him, yet he usually insists upon having a Bail Bond executed by the Defendant himself, and Two Sureties who are House-keepers. The Defendant’s Attorney indeed sometimes undertakes for his Appearance; and if the Sheriff thinks him sufficient, he accepts of his Undertaking instead of Bail.

As the Sheriff, being, answerable, generally requires Two Sureties who are House-keepers, and able to make Oath that they are each worth double the Sum sued for (which, if they are afterwards tendered as Special Bail above, they may be required to do) it is often very difficult for a Defendant to procure Bail to the Sheriff’s Satisfaction.

When the Defendant cannot find Bail, or satisfy the Sheriff, he must go to a Lock-up House, and often remains there a considerable Time at a great Expence, notwithstanding the Regulations of the Statute of George the Second, for the Purpose of preventing Extortion. It has already been stated, that besides those who are at last committed to Gaol, some Thousands of Defendants are in the Course of a Year carried to those Houses, in the County of Middlesex alone, exclusive of London.

It appears, that Persons are frequently procured by the Defendant, or his Attorney, as Special Bail, who are ready to make Oath that they are sufficient, and worth double the Sum sued for, when in Fact it turns out upon Examination, that they are worth

nothing; and are consequently rejected. If the Plaintiff do not take Exception to the Bail tendered, and proceed in the proper Course for guarding against such Practices, he frequently discovers in the End, that the Bail are Persons of no Substance, who have perjured themselves in the Course of-their ordinary Occupations.

Bad Bail is frequently tendered by the Defendant’s Attorney, where it appears that good Bail might have been procured. If no Exception is taken, the Plaintiff can only be the Loser; and if Exception is taken, the Bill of Costs is thereby much increased — it is a more profitable Law Suit.

The Sheriff being answerable if the Plaintiff does not discharge him by accepting of an Assignment of the Bail Bond taken by him on the Arrest, and being compellable by Rules or Orders of Court, which are

attended with considerable Expence, to put in good Bail for the Defendant, he is* often in Practice obliged to do so; in which Case, if the Defendant can be found, he takes his Body, and surrenders him in his Discharge, which brings the Matter back to the same State as if none of the Proceedings respecting Bail had; taken Place.

But the Sheriff is often obliged to pay the Debt, as he cannot find the Defendant; and in that Case, the original Arrest and holding to Bail gives Occasion to a new Action against the Defendant, at the Suit of the Sheriff, who comes in Place of the original Plaintiff.

The Debt has changed Hands, but it is still due by the Defendant, with a great Addition, in consequence of the Expence occasioned by his Proceedings to- avoid Imprisonment.

As there is nothing in Law to prevent the Arrest and Imprisonment for Want of Bail of a Person insane, so it appears, in Point of Fact, that Persons in that Situation are so arrested, committed to Prison, and there detained.

And as there is nothing to protect Persons who are in the utmost Extremity of Sickness from the fatal Consequences of a sudden Arrest and Imprisonment in a common Gaol, or to entitle them to be removed into a fitter Situation, so it appears, that many Persons die within a very short Time of their Commitment to Prison. On this Subject your Committee (observing what may be done) have not thought it necessary to make any particular Enquiries to authenticate Accounts which have been given of very remarkable Instances of Cruelty and Oppression exercised towards Defendants and Debtors in Circumstances of such extreme Distress; but the Returns which have been received, imperfect as they are with respect to the Number of Deaths in Prison, afford some Examples, the Amount of which shall be stated.

One Woman died the same Day on which she was committed to Prison. A Man died the next Day after his Commitment — Three Persons died within a Week — Six within a Fortnight — Fourteen within a Month — and Twelve within Two Months after their respective Commitments. But there are many Prisoners who gradually decline, and live a considerable Number of Years in a State of Disease, occasioned by their Confinement.

It happens very frequently, that Persons imprisoned as Defendants are entitled to their Discharge in Consequence of Judgment in their Favour, or by the Plaintiff’s discontinuing the Action, or not proceeding regularly; and are unable, for Want of Money, to procure their Discharge or Supersedeas. The necessary Proceedings, which are indispensable in such Cases, have been stated in the former Part of this Report.

Of about 700 Prisoners Annually discharged or re- Grasswell’s lieved by the Charitable Society (commonly called The Evidence. Thatched House Society) to be afterwards mentioned, about 130 appear to have been Persons in that Situation, against whom there no longer remained any Cause of Imprisonment, but who could not raise Money to proceed regularly for regaining their Liberty; and Care is taken by that Society not to discharge any whose Conduct and Character has not undergone the strictest Enquiry, and been found unexceptionable.

There are other Defendants who choose to live in Gaol after they are entitled to their Liberty; and if they live within the Rules of the Prison, as they pay for that Privilege (which will be explained in the Sequel) they are often suffered to remain.

Of 260 Prisoners in the Fleet Prison, 80 were Nixon'* within the Rules; and of the 80, 58 were supersede* Evidence.

able,

32 Geo. III. 2°

647

able, that is. Persons entitled to be set at Liberty upon proceeding regularly for that Purpose. It sometimes happens, that Persons of that Description, within the Rules, are, upon an Application to the Court, turned Templars out by the Keeper of the Prison; and, as there are

Evidence. Persons who procure themselves to be imprisoned on

what are called Friendly Actions, a Rule was made for turning such Prisoners out of their Rooms.

There are other Circumstances which prove, that to Debtors of the worst Description a Prison is no Punishment; but, on the contrary, that such Persons find an Interest, or a Gratification, in remaining in a Situation full of Misery to the Honest.

It appears to your Committee, that by much the greater Part of the total Number of Persons in Prison are thus imprisoned on Mesne Process.

The total Number of Prisoners for Debt, stated to be in the different Gaols from which Returns have been made, is 1,907, besides about 150 more for Debts due to the King, Forfeitures of Recognizances, &c. And of that total Number 1,251 are Defendants on Mesne Process. Of these, 326 are imprisoned on Demands under 20/.; 392 from 20/. to 50/.; and 215 from 501, to 100l.

It often happens that a Defendant lies several Months in Prison before any Declaration is delivered, by the Plaintiff into Court, stating fully the Cause of Action, and Twelve Months before the Cause comes to Trial, during which Time he is treated in the same Manner as if there had been a Judgment against him; no Distinction being made between Defendants on Mesne Process, who are not Debtors till Judgment is given against them, and who may be found to owe nothing; and Debtors in Execution, who are confined for not paying what they justly owe.

And in no Instance does it happen that a Defendant, who has thus suffered the Hardships of close Imprisonment during the Course of the Action, and has, upon Trial, a Verdict and Judgment in his Favour, receives full Reimbursement, by the Costs given against the Plaintiff, for the Expence actually and necessarily laid out in defending himself against an Action which is found to be groundless; because the Costs so recovered (supposing the Plaintiff to be a solvent Person) are never equal to those which the Defendant is bound to pay to his own Attorney.

And such a Defendant, who has been so imprisoned without a just Ground, perhaps to the Ruin of his Family, never does receive additional Damages on Account of his groundless Imprisonment, nor any Consideration for his Loss of Time and Labour; a separate Action being necessary to entitle him to recover such Damages.

Nor does it often happen, that a Defendant who has been arrested, imprisoned, and detained in Gaol without just Cause, and has had a Verdict and Judgment in his Favour, can support such an Action (supposing him able to defray the Expence of bringing it) by sufficient Evidence; it being necessary, as stated in the former Part of this Report, to prove Circumstances to shew clearly a malicious Intent in the Defendant, and not merely that he arrested and held him to Bail without Townley a probable Cause. Accordingly it appears that such

Ward’s Actions are not often brought; and when they are

Evidence. brought, they are very seldom attended with Success.

Imprisonment in Execution j and the Operation of the Statute commonly called the Lords.

As the Law has not said that a Debtor, against whom a Judgment has been obtained, shall not be arrested or imprisoned in Execution, if the Debt do not amount to a certain Sum (as in the Case of Arrest on Mesne Process) it happens very frequently that Debtors are carried to Prison, or detained in Execution, for Vo t. 47.

Debts of a very small Amount, and in Circum- Report on stances which afford no Prospect of Payment to the Impiison-Creditor. ^eK.

And such Debtors, so imprisoned for very small Sums, are often confined for Life, or for a very long Course of Years.

Of the total Number of Prisoners stated to be in the different Gaols from which Return* have been made, amounting to 1,957, besides about 100 more in Confinement for Debts to the King, Forfeiture of Recognizance, &c. 706 appear to be Debtors in Execution; of these 110 are in Execution for Debts under 20/., and some of these have been Eight Years, others Nine Years, and One Ten Years in Prison; 185 are in Execution for Debts from 20/. to 50/., and some of these have been Eight, others Nine, and others Ten Years-in Prison: One Man has been Twenty- Horjlmm four Years in Prison for 35/.: 141 are in Execution Gaol-for Debts from 50/. to 100l., some of whom have been confined Seven Years, One Nine Years, and One Ten Years: and 270 are in Execution for Debts of 100l. and upwards, a considerable Number of whom have been in Gaol Nine Years, some Ten Years, and others Eleven Years.

One Man is stated to have been in the Fleet Prison in Execution since the Year 1783 for 4/. io$. — another is returned as a Prisoner in Newgate for 61. 12#. — a Woman for 7/. 19$. 11 — a Man for SI. 7 s.l d. — and a Woman in the for

9/. 6s.

Some of the Returns have stated the Number of Prisoners w ho have died in Gaol since the Year 1780; but, owing to the Change of Gaolers, and the Want of regularly-kept Gaol Books (at least this is the Reason assigned in many of the Returns) the Accounts received on that Head are very deficient. The Numbers which appear are 103 w ho have died since the above Period in Prison for Debts under 20/.; Nine of whom had been Two Years, Four had been Three Years, and One Five Years in Gaol — a Woman died in the County Gaol of Devon, after being a Prisoner Years

for 19/. — 137 have died in Prison for Debts from 20/. to $ol., Sixteen of whom had been Two Years,

Ten Three Years, and One Eleven Years in Gaol —

75 have died in Prison for Debts from 50/. to 100l.,

Nine of whom had been Two Years, Five Three Years, and One Nine Years in Gaol — and 127 had died in Prison for Debts of tool, and upwards, Twenty-two of whom had been Tw:o Years, Nine Three Years, Two Seven Years, One Ten Years, and One Fifteen Years in Gaol.

The greater Part of Prisoners for Debt appear to be married; and many of them have very large Families; some Five, others Six, and others Ten Children. Of 570 Prisoners in the Kings Bench, about 340 have Wives and Children; and, according to the Returns, the total Number of Wives and Children belonging to the Persons then in Prison, as far as the Number could be ascertained with respect to those Gaols from which Returns have been received, was 1,300 Wives and 4,088 Children.

The Circumstances in which Children, who are in Gaol with their Parents, live and are brought up, will appear in the Sequel.

Much the greater Part of Prisoners for small Debts Grasswell’s are of the Description of Manufacturers, , and Evidence.

Seamen.

Besides the County and other public Gaols, there are many Gaols within the Kingdom which belong to certain inferior Courts of Law. The Prison in Whitechapel, belonging to the Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in which the Mode of

Proceeding was regulated by an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, is one of

those

1

648

2° Aprilis.

A. 1792.

Report on Imprisonment for Debt.

Simpson’s

Evidence.

those Gaols. It is confined to the Imprisonment of the Average Sum expended for obtaining the Dis-

MllKfAeo MfVtASA /1a «nt- _____3 _ A 1 .1 t 1 T* _ .1 A1 L A _ /» 1

Debtors whose Debts do not exceed 5 /.: And the following Particulars are given in Evidence by the Gaoler: — He stated, that he had not at that Time any Prisoners for Debt; that he had been Keeper about Seven Years; that the Court to which the Pri-

son belonged did not proceed by Arrest, but by Sum- Shillings each mons, and no Prisoners were received but in Execu- ~ '

tion; that the Prison was in the Custody of a private Individual; that the Prisoners charged in Execution are confined a Week for every Pound of the Debt and Costs with which they stand charged; that the Costs are always Fifteen Shillings in every Suit; but if the Amount of the Debt sued for is fractional, so as to complete with the Fifteen Shillings the Sum into Pounds, the Prisoner is detained at the Rate of One Pound per Week; if the Costs remain at a Fraction

charge of each Prisoner, and thereby restoring useful Men to the Public, and Fathers and Husbands to their Families, was about Forty-Jive Shillings; and the Average Sum expended for the Relief of each Individual, including Wives and Children, was about Thirteen

The Debtors thus discharged and relieved were of the Description of Manufacturers and Labourers, Seamen, Dealers, Chapmen, and Persons of various Professions. About Two-thirds of them were Manufacturers and Labourers.

Of the Total Number of 12,590 Debtors, about 11,600 have been discharged and set at Liberty by the Society’s paying a Composition to their Creditors, they themselves being utterly unable to pay any Thing;

pay any

, _ , . , _ and as it is a Rule of the Society never to pay more

beneath a Pound, they are not considered in the Term than 10 L for an one prisoner, the Compositions paid

of Imprisonment. There is only One Ward in the an(j accepted of were generally very small; nevertheless,

Prison. Before Lord Beauchamps Act there have been the Debtors so discharged had often been long kept

an Hundred confined at a Time, but that there never in prison by those Creditors, who at length accepted

have been above Three at a Time since he had been in Office.

The Gaoler of the Borough Compter states, with

of such small Compositions, in Satisfaction of Debts for which whole Families had been for Years in a State of extreme Distress.

quiries and Proceedings of a respectable Body of Men, who reject all Applications from those Debtors to whom Fraud or even Extravagance is imputed, your Committee think it proper to report upon some Cases

respect to Prisoner, from the Courts of Conscience (who Qf the to Socie, was d to

are confined, as stated in the former Part of th,sRe,»rt have I nances; bot afew thought

.* - — -w-j-j* - &

Days for all Debts above Twenty Shillings) that he received Two or Three hundred Prisoners every Year of this Description; that in general they consist of young heart. Men who are of Mechanical Trade; and by

that where One pays the Debt in consequence of his had been six Years Secretary to that Society and that

imprisonment, Twenty are discharged after staying out it appeared from their Enquiries and Proceedings, that

their lime. there were many Instances of Debtors long confined

_ „, ., .1 xt . r 11 in Prison, who had no apparent Ability to pay any

In February 1772, a considerable Number of well- part of the5r Debts> and w^re not charged with Fraud

disposed Individuals formed themselves into a Society Qr Dishonest He raentioned the following Case

for the Relief and Discharge of unfortunate Persons A M'n about 25 Years of Age, who had a

imprisoned for small Debts commonly called The w£e Fiye Childr was arrested and imprisoned

Thatched House Society^which was at first confined to for several different s amounting to about 100l.-

Zondbn and its Neighbourhood, but afterwards ex- He hftd an Employment in one of she Public Offices.

tended its Operation to the Country. Lord Romney He logt his in Consequence of his Imorison-

was President, and Lord Viscount Beauchamp, Lord Chief Baron Smytke, Mr. Justice Nares, and John

Thornton, Esquire, were Vice Presidents. They proceeded on a Plan well calculated to prevent Imposition,

and secure the tight Application of their Bount,. The M Disc|iarge for Sir Another Person was

lead, ng Hu e with regard to toe Objects of their Cha- disch d g ,he Societ for EightG„ine^ after he

nt, ,s ,n toe following Words: That such Debtor, had J Three $ inSGaol fm a Deb, of

uha" "r hE P,;ef"cn" as are moat or 2001., and an old Man. who had a Wife and Eleven

have he largest Families unprovided for, are toe chud^ „ k , Fi>, Years Ga0, b bi, Cre.

most likely to be usefu to the Community and di undar Aa for a Debt 0/0nly „

" appear to have lost their Liberty by unavoidable , „„

« Misfortunes at least not by Fraud Vice or Extra- ~These he mentioned as only some of many such Mistortunes, at least not Dy traua, vice, or r.xtra Tnctan^oc hU Ohsprvntmn and

vagance. And to enable them to carry this Rule

He lost his Office in Consequence of his Imprisonment, and had been 15 Months in Gaol, totally deprived of Employment, and the Means of supporting his Family, when the Society found upon Enquiry that he was a fit Object of their Bounty, and obtained

into Execution, their Practice is to oblige each Petitioner " to name Two respectable Housekeepers as " Vouchers for his Integrity, Sobriety, and Industry; to whom the Society constantly refer their Enquiries,

Instances which came within his Observation and Knowledge.

It appears, that of the 700 Persons who are upon an Average Annually discharged from Prison by the Society, after due Enquiry with respect to their Character and

GraswelVa

Evidence.

" and by these Means preclude almost the Possibility Conduct, Fifty are discharged merely on Payment of the a 0£ Imposition." trtfo/ Fees, which they were unable to pay, and Jor which

This Society, having adhered steadily to their Plan therefore they were detained in Prison. since its first Institution, and distinguished on every Of the Small Debts for which Persons, of the fair Occasion between the unfortunate and the culpable or and honest Description, who are discharged and re-fraudulent Insolvent Debtor, your Committee thought lieved by this Society, have been detained in Prison, it fit to examine the Secretary upon such Facts as it appears in general, that Law Charges and Costs might be ascertained by their Proceedings and En- make by far the greater Part. The Witness stated; quiries. that those Charges raised the Debt very often to

Accordingly, it appears from his Evidence, that, Double, frequently to Treble, sometimes to Six Times, at the Expence of 29,384/. 10 s.2d. the Society and sometimes to more than Ten Times the original had discharged from Prison and relieved 12,590 Pri- Amount.

sorters for Small Debts, whom they had found to be He supported this Part of his Evidence, by stating honest unfortunate Persons, utterly unable to pay the following Instances: — The Society, after the their Debts; who had 7,842 Wives and 23,268 Chil- usual Enquiries respecting Character, &c. discharged dren, amounting in all to 43,700 Persons; so that from Prison, or obtained die Groats for, the following

Persons;

Gooool<

32 Geo. III. 2° Aprilis.

649

Persons; viz. William Taylor whose original Debt

was 61. 6s. and the Costs la/. 4s- John Mackay, whose original Debt was 2 61.and Costs 30/. William Caverley, whose original Debt was 12/. and Costs 28/. Andrew Chisholm, whose original Debt was a Guinea, and Costs 41, gs. 10 d.Thomas Smith, whose original Debt was 21. 6 s. and Costs 61. 8$. William Stevens, whose original Debt was 4/. and Costs 10/. 18«. 10 William Haines, whose original Debt was 1 /. 195. and Costs 51. 17 s.John Ayston, whose original Debt was a/. 3$. 11 d. and Costs 14/. 10s. being Six Times the original Debt. William Wootfield, whose original Debt

was Fourteen Shillings, and Costs 61. 1 10 being

Nine Times the original Debt. And Matthew whose original Debt was 1/. 195. and Costs 33/. being Fifteen Times the original Debt.

One Instance shall be stated more particularly, to shew to what a ruinous Amount Costs are raised on the merest Trifles, and how little the original Creditor is concerned in the Imprisonment of the Debtor in such Cases. — The Society having been lately petitioned by one Gaskin, a Leather Dresser, Twenty-one Years of Age, imprisoned for a very small Debt in the Gaol of the City of Worcester, on a Writ of Process out of the Court of Pleas of that City, wrote a Letter, agreeably to the Course of their Proceeding, to the Creditor, desiring to be informed, " of the Manner '* in which the Debt was contracted; whether in the " common and ordinary Course of Business, or by " specious Pretences; and of such other Circumstances,

" as might enable the Society to judge of the Petitioner’s true Character, and of his Qualification to " partake of the public Bounty from this Charity; and " whether he had obtained the Groats." The Creditor’s Answ er was as follows: — " March 6th

" 1792. Gentlemen, I should have answered your’s " before, but could not get at the Particulars of the " Defendant'sCase. I some Time since employed

" Mr. Curwin (an Attorney) of this City, to recover '* the Sum of Five Shillings for Goods" (Second Hand Clothes) " sold to the Defendant. On Mr. s

" proceeding, Defendant engaged to pay a Weekly " Sum until Debt and Costs were discharged — Defendant not performing his Agreement, Mr. Curwin " proceeded to Judgment. I was paid my Debt of " Five Shillings; anu a joint Undertaking was entered " into by Defendant and one Vale for the Payment " of Five Pounds, being the Debt and Costs; and " that Security taken in my Name. Part of that " Money was levied on Vale's Effects, and the remaining Sum of 3'/. 11 s.4 is the Debt now due " from Defendant. — There are no Groats allowed " in the City Prison, where the Defendant is now

confined."

Your Committee report this Case in particular, as presenting a perfect Picture of almost every Evil which attends the common Course of Imprisonment for Small Debts.

The original Debt is Five Shillings — the Costs are as many Pounds — the Creditor receives Payment of his original Debt — the Cause becomes that of the Attorney, who proceeds in the Name of the Creditor, without apprising him of what he is about — Another poor Man is involved in the Misfortune — All his Effects are taken for Part — and the original Debtor for Five Shillings, a Manufacturer in the full Vigour of Youth, against whom no Charge of Fraud is made, lies in Prison for the Balance.

This Case also shews, that there are Courts and Gaols, for recovering Small Debts, where the Benefit of the Lords Act is not admitted.

And here it may be proper to state an Account taken of the Sums recovered upon Verdicts in London and Middlesex, in the Court of Common Pleas, from Easter Term 1788 to Easter Term 1790, and the Vo l. 47.

Costs upon these Verdicts, according to a Computation R< port on made by an Officer of the Court: linprmm-

The Sums recovered were - - - 56,272. or

and the Costs computed at - - - 17,950.

The enormous Disproportion of Debt and Costs, in Cases of Small Debts, appears from a Dissection of this Account In Actions where the highest Sums recovered were 20I. the Costs amounted to 9,250/., and the whole Amount of the Sums recovered wfas only 1,948/. — and in Actions above 50/., where the Sums recovered amounted to 52,262/., the Costs were only 5,200l.

This Account has probably under-rated the Costs; for the Estimate is only what they ought to be, and it is not likely that the actual Amount should be less.

Another Account was also made up, of Actions in which there had been no Trial, but only a Judgment on a Writ of Enquiry before the Sheriffs, and where the Computation of Expence may be made with a great Degree of Certainty. This was taken from the Books in the Sheriff’s Office for Eight Years, ending in 1789, by Mr. the acting

Under Sheriff, who wa3 examined as a Witness. The total Number of such Actions was 7,415 — The Number of those where the Sum recovered did not exceed 15/. was 3,384. The Amount of the Sums recovered on those Actions was 25,47 61., and the Amount of Costs 44,908/.

The Number of Actions where the Demand was for 100l. and upwards, was 901. The Sums recovered amounted to 254,359/., and the Costs only 10,812/.

The Result is, that the Costs were not much above per Cent, in the one Case, and above 150 per Cent. in the other. Of those Expences, Five-Sixths at least are disbursed by the Plaintiff, with very little Chance of recovering them again. He who must go to Gaol because he has not the Means of paying 15/., is not likely to pay more than double that Sum in consequence of his Imprisonment.

When a Creditor arrests his Debtor, he is induced to go on with the Action, that he may have the Chance of making something by what he has already done; and which his Attorney informs him, very truly, is of no Effect without proceeding further.

The Costs of an Action have been averaged at 40/.; and Seven or Eight hundred is the Number of Actions computed to be Annually tried before the Two Chief Justices of the King’s Bench and Common Pleas at Westminster Hall;the Number of Actions tried at other Places, and before other Judges, must of course be very considerable,

Your Committee are now to state some remarkable Facts respecting the Operation of the Statute, commonly called the Lords' Act. The Import of that Act, as extended and enlarged by a subsequent Statute, has been stated in a former Part of this Report. Proceeding on the Fact, that Creditors do frequently detain their Debtors in Gaol, who have no Effects, or are ready to deliver up what they have; but holding that Creditors have a Right so to do, the Statute provides for that Right in the Creditor, and only creates a Right in the Debtor to demand the Means of Subsistence in Prison, if the Creditor insists on still detaining him after he has given up his Effects, and if it happens that the Debtor comes within the Limits of the Description in the Statute. The First Object of the Statute is, to enable indigent insolvent Debtors in Prison to obtain the Benefit of this Alternative, and with that View it directs a Course of Proceeding which has been already reported. — But the Expence Grasswtll’a of that necessary Course of Proceeding may amount Evidenca. to between Two and Three Guineas; and wherever it has been stated at a less Amount, the Necessity of

8 C employing

2° Aprilis. . 1792.

Report on Imprisonment for Debt.

Grass well's Evidence.

Simpson’s

Evidence.

Grass well’s Evidence.

employing an Attorney, and of serving Notices, Summonses, &c. appear to have been overlooked; but whatever may be the Sum necessary to defray that Expence, it is altogether out of the Reach of many Persons whom the Law meant to relieve. On this Point it was unnecessary to examine Witnesses: But the Proceedings of The Thatched House Society, authenticated by their Secretary, would be sufficient Evidence, were it a Matter on which there could be any Doubt.

It is in Evidence, that that Society (proceeding not blindly and indiscriminately, but on due Enquiry) have found 150 Prisoners, on an Average, who were entitled to that Benefit, but were unable to sue for it. For those Prisoners that Society obtained their Groats; that is, the Four Pence a Day, which an Insolvent Debtor, who has done every thing in his Power to satisfy his Creditor, is entitled to receive from him, if he insist, nevertheless, on still detaining him in Prison.

And thus it appears that 150 Instances, the Course of One Year, occur in the Proceedings of this Society, of Creditor's who interpose whe the Law is about to set Insolvent Debtors of a certain Description at Liberty, on their doing every Thing possible to satisfy their who, notwithstanding, insist on still detaining the m

Prison, without accusing them or Dishonesty.

It has already been stated, that One Insolvent Debtor of this Description, after he had given up all his Effects, w'as kept by his Creditor upwards of Five Years in Gaol (during which Period the Sinn paid by the Creditor in the Allowance of Groats amounted to 301. 5 s.) for a Debt of 21; though he was old, and had a Wife

and Eleven Children. Another Instance appears in the Evidence, of a Woman, described by the Witness (who was Keeper of the Gaol) as a Person of decent Manners and good Conduct, who had been confined upwards of Two Years in Gaol for a Debt of 8/. and received the Groats from her Creditor to an Amount almost equal to her Debt. She behaved so well that the Gaoler took Compassion upon her, solicited Charity for her, and, having received 5/. from the Reverend Dr. Markham, procured the rest from his Friends, and discharged the Debt.

But of the Operation of this leading Provision in the Act, the List given by the Secretary of The Thatched House Society, of Persons relieved whose original Debts were exceeded by the Costs, affords very remarkable Instances. . Seven of the Persons there mentioned were kept by their Creditors in Prison, although they had given up their Effects under the Act; and though the Society found that they bore fair Characters, all that the Society could do was to obtain the Groats for them, which they were not able to do themselves. And accordingly, Creditors whose original Debts were some Instances under 20 5. and others whose Debts were under 405. thought proper to exercise the Right such

Debtors in Gaol, at the Expence of paying 25. 4 per Week to every Debtor for his Subsistence. In the Course of a very short Time the Groats exceeded the Debt.

The Statute provides, that imprisoned Debtors shall have this Allowance from such Creditors as insist on exercising the absolute Right which they hold, for the Purpose of supplying Prisoners with the Necessaries of Life while in Confinement, and unable to exert their Industry for the Support of themselves and their Families. But your Committee might state Evidence, were it necessary, to shew that the Allowance is altogether insufficient for that Purpose.

It appears that many of the Debtors, who are thus confined in Prison by their Creditors under the Lords Act, after all their Effects are delivered up, have Wives and large Families; and your Committee did not think it necessary to examine Witnesses to prove, that the Wives and Children of imprisoned Debtors in general must suffer extreme Misery.

As the Legislature have thought it necessary by this Act to draw a Line of Distinction according to the Amount of the Debt, and not according to any of the other Circumstances of the Case; establishing it as Law, that a Debtor imprisoned for 200l. 1 s. is not entitled to the same Benefit or Relief as a Debtor who happens to be imprisoned for no more than 2001., though in all other Respects both Debtors are in precisely the same Circumstances. Many Cases appear in the Evidence which render this Distinction extremely remarkable. In the Returns from the King's Bench and Fleet Prisons, 69 Debtors are returned as in Prison for Debts amounting each to somewhat more than 200l., and who have therefore no Right whatever to the Benefit of that Relief which the Lords Act affords to those Debtors whose Debts happen to be of that exact Amount, or under it. One of these unfortunate Debtors is imprisoned for 2041. — another for 202/. 105. — another for 202/. — another for 201/. — and another for a Fraction above 200l. Such a Debtor may have a Wife and large Family, but he can have no Relief; while his Neighbour, who has the good Fortune to be imprisoned for a few Shillings less, and who has no Family dependent for their Subsistence on his Industry, obtains his Liberty, or the Statute Allowance of Four Pence a Day to support him in Prison.

It is one of the chief Objects of this Act of Parliament to induce Debtors in Prison for Small Debts not only to discover, but also to surrender their Effects for the general Benefit of those Creditors at whose Suit they happen to be in Execution, and to provide for the due and speedy Sale and Division of the Net Produce of the Insolvent’s Effects among those Creditors: But the Secondary of London, and Under Sheriff of Middlesex, and the Secretary to the Society for the Relief of imprisoned Debtors, have positively said, that they never knew or heard of any One Instance

where a Division of any such Insolvent Debtor’s Effects actually took Place.

It is another Object'of this Act of Parliament, to put it in the Power of Creditors to bring up their Insolvent Debtors in Prison, for Debts not exceeding in all 2001., and to compel them to discover and give up their Effects for the Benefit of those Creditors at whose Suit they are in Execution; and accordingly the Act very anxiously and copiously prescribes a Course of Proceeding and of Management for that Purpose. But the same Witnesses have said, that they never knew; or heard of any One Instance where this compulsory Clause was put in Execution.

Facts respecting the Situation and Conduct of Prisoners for Debt, during their Confinement in Gaol.

In reporting upon the Situation and Conduct of Prisoners for Debt in Public Gaols, it is not the Intention of your Committee to enter minutely into all the Particulars which might tend to shew that there are infinite Abuses, extreme Licentiousness, and extreme Misery, within the Walls of a Prison: They mean to confine their Report upon this Head to such Circumstances as are most intimately connected with the immediate Objects of Enquiry, and are not universally notorious.

The general Nature of the Rules of the King's Bench and Fleet Prisons, has been stated and described in the former Parts of this Report. The Limits of the Rules of the King’s Bench, which had been formerly enlarged, were lately, viz. in Easter Term, in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, considerably contracted; and it was ordered by the Court, " That " from and after the First Day of Trinity Term next,

" they should be comprized within the Bounds following, exclusive of the Public Houses after mentioned; (that is to say) From Great Cumber Court,

" in

32 Geo. III. 2° Aprilis651

" in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the " County of Surrey, along the North Side of Dirty " Lane and Melancholy fV,to Blackfriars Road, " and along the Western Side of the said Road to the " Obelisk, and from thence along the South West " Side of the London Road, round the Direction Post " in the Centre of the Roads near the Public House " known by the Sign of The Elephant and Castle;

" from thence along the Eastern Side of Newington " Causeway to Great Cumber Court aforesaid: And it " is also ordered, that the New Gaol, Southwark, and the Highway, exclusive of the Houses on each Side " of it, leading from the King's Bench Prison to the " said New Gaol, shall be within and Part of the said " Rules: And it is lastly ordered, that all Taverns,

Victualling Houses, Alehouses, all Wine Vaults,

" and Houses or Places licensed to sell Gin or other " Spirituous Liquors, shall be excluded and deemed " no Part of the said Rules."

The Rules of the Fleet Prison, which are under the Direction and Controul of the Court of Common Pleas, have neither been enlarged nor contracted.

In the King's Batch Prison, of 570 Prisoners, 70 were within the Rules.

In the Fleet Prison, of 260 Prisoners, 80 were within the Rules.

The Marshal of the King’s Bench has a discretionary Fee for giving the Benefit of the Rules to a Prisoner;

_ which appears, from the Evidence of the Clerk of the Papers, generally to be about Seven Guineas and a Half, if the Debt is 50/., and Ten Guineas if too/.

There is in like Manner a Fee paid to the Warden of the Fleet, at his Discretion, for the Rules of that Prison, which appears generally to be at the Rate of Five per Cent, for the first 100l. and Two and a Half for every subsequent 100l.

There are also what are called Day Buies; that is (in the King's Bench Prison) Permission to the Prisoner to be absent from Eight in the Morning till Nine in the Evening, giving Security to the Marshal for his Return. The Fees, which are settled by the Court of King’s Bench, are 4$. 2d. for the First Day, and the same for the last Day, and 3 2 d. for every interme-

diate Day; but the Court of King’s Bench has lately limited the Day Rules to Three in each Term.

The Average Number of Prisoners who live in One Room, in the King's Bench Prison, is Three or Four. There are often many more; sometimes Seven and Eight in One Room, " almost" (as the Witness expresses it) " in a State of Putrefaction." If the Fellow Prisoners agree to it, a Man is permitted to have his Wife and Children all in the same Room with himself and his Fellow Prisoners; so that One Staircase often contains an incredible Number of Inhabitants.

It is a common Practice with poor Prisoners to take Possession of a Room, and then let it to other Prisoners; such Prisoners as have thus let their own Rooms for Subsistence, making Shift to sleep in the Staircases, or any other Place they can find.

There are in the King's Bench Prison 176 Rooms, for which the Marshal is entitled to receive One Shilling per Week of Rent for each; and 24 Rooms, called the Common Side of the Prison, for which Prisoners pay no Rent. There are Eight Rooms called State Booms, in which never more than One Prisoner is confined, who pays to the Marshal Half a Crown a Week for Rent.

But the.Cryer, or some other Officer of the Prison, expects and receives a Fee for procuring a Prisoner a Room; and Instances are given of his receiving a Guinea for that Service. A Guinea a Week is also frequently paid to a Prisoner for his Room; sometimes much more.

By an expensive Abuse of the Writ of Habeas Cor-Vot. 47.

pus, Prsioners frequently procure themselves to be re- Report on moved from One Prison to another; and there have In, Pr"on-been Instances of Prisoners residing regularly in the King’s Bench Prison during the Summer, and in the Fleet during the Winter.

In the Fleet Prison, when there are Two Prisoners to a Room, they pay 7 \d.each per JVeek, by Order of the Court of Common Pleas. Each Prisoner on the Master’s Side, who is entitled to a Room in his own Right, pays to the Warden \$d. per Week for Rent.

The Payment of a Commitment Fee of 1/. fir. 8 and having been a certain Time in Prison, give him the Right of having a Room; which he can either occupy, or let to another; so that a Guinea is frequently there also paid for a Room, and sometimes more.

It often happens that Prisoners have neither Beds nor Bedding. They have no Bedding allowed them.

Many of the Prisoners are stated to be in a Situation of extreme Proverty and Want; but, in some Prisons, the Prisoners on the Common Side (who swear that they are not worth 5/.) receive some Support by Means of charitable Donations. Prisoners are often, however, in the greatest Distress imaginable," and Instances are stated of their dying for Want. The following Account is given by a Fellow Prisoner, ex- nc ‘ amined as a Witness, of the Case of a poor Man from Somersetshire, who died in the King's Batch Prison, in 1784 or 1785 — His Debt was about 35/. occasioned, it is said, by the Expence of defending the Action on which he was imprisoned. At the Time of his Death he had been confined near a Twelve-month, and had been the whole Winter on a damp Stone Floor, with nothing but a Bit of Hop Bagging to lie on. He was a poor labouring Man, and while in Health, he supported himself by blacking Shoes and cleaning Knives in the Prison; but after he was ill, he had not common Necessaries; neither Bed nor Bedstead to sleep on — his Illness was a Cold and Flux.

By sleeping so long in his Cloatlis they were so worn out that there was a Hole through the Shoulder of the

# o

Coat, and nothing to cover his Flesh. The 'Witness got a Physician and Apothecary to attend him, but his Health was so impaired, that they could render him no Service. The Apothecary said, he died for Want. The same Witness mentioned the Case of the Reverend John Butler, of Great Sowdley, in Staffordshire, who had been imprisoned in the Whole Eleven Years, and died about Two Years and an Half ago, in Want of the common Necessaries of Life; having nothing but a Bit of Bread and Treacle to live on. Similar Instances are mentioned by another Witness; and many such Cases might be stated.

A poor Prisoner, on his Examination in Prison, gave the following Account of his Situation. " I " have been in Prison more than Eight Years — Debt " 221/. — I was a Silk Weaver, and lost 100l. by " a Man taking Goods of me and absconding. My " Plaintiff has been often applied to to get me out,

" but she refused, saying, she would keep me here all " my Life, even if she was forced to support me. I " am sworn on the Common Side — have nothing to " live on but what I get from standing Once in Five " Days with the Begging Box at the Door; the Profit of the Box, on an Average, amounts to about Two " Shillings a Week; I have nothing else to support me,

" except now and then getting a Job at White-washing; but I have not had a Job for Six Months before " Today — the Whole I have to subsist on is about " 3s. 6d. a Week — I have a Wife and Four Children " — buried Two since I have been in Prison — One died " of a Decline, and the other in the Small Pox — the " eldest is Ten Years old, and a Girl; the other Three are Boys — Together I and my Wife make " about a Crown a Week, which is the Whole I have

" to

1

Report on Imprisonment for Debt.

Nugent’s

Evidence.

Jackson’s

Evidence.

to support myself and Family; and have not a " Friend to assist us — One Prisoner is chummed with " me; and he, myself, my Wife, and Children, all " sleep in the same Room — the Room is Thirteen " Feet by Eleven- — I have no Complaint to make of " my Treatment in Prison — am Forty-three Years " old — my Wife and Children have been with me " ever since the first Six Months of my Confinement " — If the Chum is agreeable, no Objection is made " by the Officers of the Prison for the Wife and " Children being with them. I sleep on a Mattrass " Three Feet and a Half wide, lying on the Ground,

" which is all I have for myself, Wife, and Four " Children. The Debt was contracted for Silk,

" which I had for carrying on my Trade — I was to " have had Six Months Credit, but on Account of " Losses I was unable to discharge my Debt I offered, if she would give me my Discharge, to work " out the Debt at to/, a Year; but she would not ,r come to any Agreement of the Sort. I paid her " Ten Guineas the Morning she arrested me, in her " own House, where she arrested me not Five Minutes " after the Payment — I cannot carry on my Trade here for Want of Room — A Gentleman of the " Trade would have employed me, if I could have " found Room — his name was Thomson. I worked " for him Four or Five Years; but when he came to " see the Situation of the Place, he could not employ " me, as the Trade requires a Situation in which " there is much Length and Light — 1 welve Feet " of Light is the least in which I could do any " Thing."

The Prisoners have no Right to any Supply of Coals or Fuel; nor is there any common Fire or Fire Place, in the most rigorous Seasons. In the King's Bench and Fleet Prisons, Fires are kept in the Coffee Room, Tap Room, and another Drinking Room in the King's Bench, called The Brace-, and on that Account the Prisoners are obliged, in cold Weather, to resort to some of those public Drinking Rooms.

The Keepers of Gaols have a Profit upon all Liquors sold in the Prison.

Your Committee had much to report upon the miserable Cases which occurred in Consequence of the sick Prisoners having no Medical Assistance allowed them, and there being no Regulations for removing and burying dead Bodies, which therefore generally lay some Time in the same Room where the Fellow Prisoners of the Deceased were living. But on the First Representation of this Matter by the Chairman to the Right honourable Henry Dundas, His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Horne Department, an Otfi-cial Enquiry took Place, and Provision was made for the Purpose of preventing such Miseries in future.

It is, nevertheless, proper to state, that several Witnesses concur in ascribing the Progress of many of the Diseases, with which the Prisoners are afflicted, to the Want of proper Nourishment, Bedding, and Cloath-ing, and their being too much crowded together. One Witness states, that " having been induced from " Humanity to practise Physic, and finding the Complaints of the Prisoners to proceed in general from " Want of Food and Nourishment, he had performed

11 wonderful Cures in consequence of supplying them " with Food and Nourishment." — Another Witness, who practises in Gaol as a Surgeon, states, that " having been sent for to attend Two Children, he found " them in a very dangerous Way, without a Bed to " lie on, and without any Kind of Nourishment whatever."

There is always a great Number of Children in Gaol living with their Parents. In the Fleet Prison there were 200 Children within the Walls, at the Date of the Return. Most of them were there idling away their Time, and none of them were at School. —

In the King's Bench the Children are stated to be " in Jackson’*

" general badly cloathed, and worse educated; and the Evid*nceGirls are generally debauched at an early Age."

In addition to all the other Miseries of a Gaol, it appears, that innumerable Instances might be given of Idleness, Intemperance, and Extravagance. Of 570 Prisoners in the King's Bench, it appears, that about wntten A"-470 are completely idle; not above 100 doing any Thing to support themselves and Families: and of Mr. Aker-202 Prisoners in Newgate, 136 of whom had Wives man's Ao-and Children, only Nine worked at their Trades. swm’ There are indeed Instances of much Industry among many of the Prisoners; but their Industry is generally employed in Smuggling, Usury, Lottery Insurances, and all other Modes of Gambling. Of this many recent and remarkable Examples could be stated.

The Average Expence of living in Gaol is stated to be at the Rate of Twelve Shillings a Week each, taking into the Account Persons who spend from a Guinea and a Half to Five Guineas a Week; but there are Prisoners who spend much more; for every Thing can be purchased in a Gaol except Quiet and Retirement: Vice and Intemperance are necessarily incident to such a Situation. Those who have Money without Honesty have there no Inducements to refrain from Extravagance, but every Temptation to the contrary.

Accordingly, your Committee have had it sufficiently established by Evidence, that many Insolvent Debtors in Prison either profusely dissipate, or avariciously hoard up, the Money which they ought to apply in Payment of their Debts.

The Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, and Keepers and other Officers of other Prisons, all concur in saying, that though there are many Prisoners who live in abject Misery, and are in We it of the common Necessaries of Life, yet there are others who live at a very great Expence, and, according to Appearances, are in a Situation to pay their Debts. One Instance is mentioned of a Prisoner who has been in the Jones’swrit-King's Bench since April 1787, and has built many ten Answers. Houses within the Rules. He is supposed to be sufficiently able to pay the Debts with which he is charged. And a Witness, who from the Extent of Townky his Practice in the Profession of the Law was in a Ca- War<i‘ pacity to speak generally, from personal Knowledge and Observation, has stated, that he has known a great Number of Debtors, who have remained in Prison, and were possessed of Property sufficient to discharge their Debts. Of this he mentioned One remarkable Instance. A Man has been upwards of Nine Years in the Fleet Prison for a Debt of 10,000l. although it was proved before his Commitment that he was worth 40,000l.; and it was then the general Opinion of the World that he was worth 100,000l.

He lives with extreme Parsimony; lets out the Room he is entitled to at a Guinea a Week, and hires one for his own Accommodation at a Shilling a Week.

He makes the most of his Money; and for One Article saves 500l. a Year as the Interest of the Debt for which he is imprisoned, and which his Creditor has no Means of obtaining.

o #

It appears, that the Judges have, on all Occasions; done every Thing in their Power to prevent or diminish the Evils which have been stated. They invite Complaints. No Judge omits to enquire into the Subject of any Representation made by a Prisoner, and wherever Redress or Relief can be afforded, it is afforded. But few of those Evils are within the Reach of the Courts or Judges, and some of the worst of them are such as Prisoners will not make the Subject of their Complaints. They will not complain of those Means and Opportunities which enable them in Prison to indulge in Intemperance; or dishonestly to dissipate their Property, and spend in Extravagance the Money with which 'they might satisfy their Creditors.

This

1

32 Geo. III. 2° /

This last Head of their Report, therefore, your Committee think they cannot better conclude than in the following Words of the Statute 21 James I. C. 24. " That divers Persons of Sufficiency in Real " and Personal Estate, minding to deceive others of " their just Debts for which they stand charged in " Execution, have obstinately and wilfully chosen rather to live and die in Prison, than to make any 4< Satisfaction according to their Abilities." — They conduct themselves as Men who think that they have no longer any Interest’ in being honest, and know that the Law, by imprisoning their Persons, ha6 spent its Force against them.

APPENDIX, N* 1.

Mercurii, 18 die 1791.

Committee to inquire into the Practice and Effects of Imprisonment for Debt, met.

William Jones, Esquire, Marshal of the King's Bench, examined.

Immediately on the Receipt of the Order of the Committee, I ordered Mr. , Clerk of the Pa-

pers of the King's Bench, to make out an Account, pursuant to the said Order: Mr. Bryant has given no Directions to make out the Order. Mr. Bryant does not reside at the Prison; and I never saw' him in the Execution of his Office. I have brought an Extract from the Duplicates of the Books kept by the Clerk of the Papers, from which it appears there are about 570 Prisoners, about 30 of whom are Females. About 500 are w'ithin the Walls, and about 70 within the Rules. There are about 200 Rooms within the Prison for the Occupation of Prisoners. Forty-eight

Prisoners have come in since the First Day of this present Easter Term. No Wives or Children are permitted to remain in the Prison, if it is possible to prevent them, after Half past Nine at Night, at the ringing of a Bell. Upon an Average, about Three or Four Prisoners lodge in a Room. There are

many in Prison in indigent Circumstances, who have no Means of paying their Debts; and there are others who have. My Predecessors in Office have often been obliged to turn out Debtors who were entitled to their Discharge, but would not sue for it. There are some Prisoners in the Prison who live at a very great Expence.

Whether the Persons of the most Insolvent Description in the Prison associate their Stock for the Purpose of living ?

[Defers answering for the present.]

Whether the most Insolvent Prisoners have Beds ?

Most of them have; but there are some who have none, and are very much distressed.

Do you think the Allowance from the Creditor, by the Lords Act 32 Geo. II. is sufficient to maintain the Prisoners ?

I think not.

What do you suppose would be a sufficient Allowance ?

[Answer deferred.]

In general the Prisoners pay Rent for their Rooms, but I cannot ascertain at present the Amount or the Distinction of the Rents; those who cannot pay Rent have other Rooms provided for them.

Some of the Prisoners within the Rules live in separate Houses, and from the Manner of their Appearance, seem to be in a Situation capable of paying their Debts. — Those Prisoners who are of Trades work in Vot. 47.

ills. 653

the Prison, provided they have Money to procure Implements for carrying on their Trade.

Mr. Richard Akerman, Keeper of Nacgate, examined.

There are about 199 Prisoners for Debt in Newgate, including Five from the Excise, and Two from the Court of Conscience. They are in close Confinement.

There is a Place called The Common Side of the Prison, and a Part called The Master’s Side; those Prisoners who go on the Master’s Side should (but do not) pay a Weekly Rent of One Shilling, and if found Beds, 2 s.6d. per Week; but after the old Gaol was pulled down, and the new one built, the Common Side is not so much separated from the Master’s Side as it used to be, so that they can go from one Side to the other. — Those who are able find themselves in Beds. The Two Sides are divided into separate Rooms or Wards. On the North Side of the Quadrangle, which is a Part of the Common Side, there arc Six Wards; on the South Side there are Three Wards; and the East Side is divided into Two Wards, one for the Women, and the other for the Men. The Master’s Side, which is the West Side of the Quadrangle, is divided into Three Wards. The only Distinction between the Debtors on the Common Side and the Master’s Side is, that those who do not choose to partake of the Donations do not go to the Common Side; the poorer Debtors are confined on the Common Side, and those of a better Condition on the Master's Side. There may be some who have no Beds, but they are very few. Many support themselves by Work; and many, although able, will not work. Most of the Prisoners appear in a Situation of extreme Poverty. The Prisoners are allowed, by the City of London, One Pennyworth of Bread per Day, and the Sheriffs send Eight Stone of Meat Week to the Prisoners on the Common Side, which is divided amongst them; besides this, there are Donations, of which 1 will bring an Account.

Are these Allowances, with the Addition of that by the Lords Act, sufficient to maintain them ?

It is, in Point of Sustenance, but it would not be sufficient to provide them with Beds and other Necessaries. Many of the Prisoners appear to be in a very miserable Condition; so ragged and so barely clothed as to be Objects of great Pity.

Is it the Practice of the Prison to mix with Debtors in Confinement Persons of the^ Description of those committed for Contempt of Court, or for Non-payment of Penalties under the Revenue Laws ?

It is; but this is the only Class of Persons that are so mixed with the Debtors.

Is there a sufficient Accommodation for the present Number of Prisoners ?

They are very much crowded.

Withdrew.

Mr. John Eylcs, Warden of the Fleet,

[Delivers in the Return pursuant to the Order of the Committee.]

Of the 260 stated in the Return, about 70 are within the Rules, and the rest within the Walls of the Prison.

Mr. Nicholas Nixon, Clerk of the Papers of the Fleet, examined.

Each Prisoner on the Master’s Side, who is entitled to a Room in his own Right, pays to the Warden 15</. per Week for the Room. — What entitles him to the Right is the Payment of the Commitment Fee, and his having been in Prison a certain Time. They

8 D succeed

Report on Imp risou-ment for Debt.

r

Keport oa Imprison* meat for Debt.

succeed in Rotation. The Commitment Fee is 1 /. 6s. and 2 s.to the Turnkey if they go on the Master’s Side.

If they go on the Common Side, and are not sworn on the Begging Grate, they pay 13s. 4 but I am not sure whether they pay the 2 sto the Turnkey. Being sworn on the Begging Grate entitles the Prisoner to the Donations of the Prison: In taking die Oath, he swears he is not worth 5/. in the World, and that he cannot subsist without the Benefit of the Charity; These pay no Fee at all.

Of the Prisoners confined in the Fleet, there are about a Dozen that receive the Donations. Those on the Common Side who have been sworn on the Begging Grate are very few; all the rest are confined on die Master’s Side, amounting to about 180. Those confined on the Common Side, that have not been sworn, are maintained by their Friends. There, is a large Room, and in that Room are Partitions, which are called Cabins, where they lie; they pay no Rent; they have no Bedding allowed them. All who are at present confined there have Bedding, and appear to be in a tolerable Situation, and occasionally act as Servants to those on the Master’s Side. Those sworn on the Begging Grate are confined in the same Manner. On the Master’s Side there are 114 Rooms. Some of the Prisoners have separate Rooms to themselves, but not by Authority. When a. Prisoner succeeds to a Room, he lets it to a new Prisoner, and he himself sleeps with some other Person. We do not allot more than Two to a Room; but if the Prison was so crowded as to require it, they are spacious enough to contain more than Two to a Room.

I should think, in general, the Prisoners within the Walls are not of sufficient Ability to discharge their Debts, but there may be some few Exceptions. When there are Two to a Room, they pay ’j\d. each, which is regulated by an Order of the Court of Common Picas. There are some Prisoners who live in Prison in a state of Intemperance. Prisoners of this Description, I think, cannot spend less than One Guinea and a Half or Two Guineas a Week. Some give a Guinea a Week for their Room. Upon an Average, I should think the Prisoners live at the Rate of 125. a Week each. There is a Coffee Room and Tap Room in the Prison, which furnish Wine, Ale, and Porter. There is also a common Kitchen, and a Cook for the Use of the Prison, and that Kitchen is found and supplied with Coals at the Expence of the Tapster. I include in that Expence 10/. a Year, allowed by the Warden to the Tapster for Coals for the Use of the Kitchen. The Coffee House Keeper is the Tapster, and pays to the Warden so much upon Wine, Porter, and Amber. He pays 15s. per Butt on Porter and Amber, and 4s. and 45. per Dozen on Wine. He makes a Profit of it himself afterwards. The Prisoners may be supplied elsewhere, if they choose it; generally speaking, they are supplied from the Coffee House Keeper, who takes Care they should have as good Wine and Porter as they could get out of Doors, and of course he has the Preference. The Tapster draws on an Average about 16 Butts a Month. The Quantity of Wine on an Average does not exceed above Two Dozen a Week. No Spirituous Liquors are allowed to be sold in the Prison. — The Court of Common Pleas have not narrowed the Rules within my Memory,

The Prisoners within the Rules appear to live with some Degree of Decency, and in general by their own Industry, as they are chiefly Mechanics of some Sort or other. Those who have the Liberty of the Rules pay at the Rate of 5/. per Cent, for the first 100l. and 2| for every subsequent 100l.; but there may be some within the Rules, of whom the Warden takes little or nothing, if it appears that they are industrious and distressed Persons. These Payments are established by the Warden, and at his Discretion. Ail

the Prisoners within the Walls- of the Fleet have Beds, or the Use of them. We visit the Galleries at Times, to see that the Rooms are kept in a wholesome and clean State. I think the greatest Part of the Prisoners have Wives and Children depending on them. — I think there are at least 200 Children of Prisoners within the Walls. Their Situation, in general, appears, to be not very miserable. If a Prisoner is notable to, provide a Lodging without the Prison, his Family are lodged within the Prison. Most of the Children are idling, their Time away within the Walls; more of this Description than are at School. A Scavenger is appointed by the Warden to keep the Prison clean, for which; he. ia paid about 45. a Week by the Warden, and it is his Duty to see the Prison is kept clean: The Prisoners are also voluntarily contributive towards his Salary.

Withdrew.

Jovis, 19* die Mail, 1791.

Committee met, and proceed.

Mr. William Bryant, Clerk of the Papers of the King's Bench Prison, examined.

I was appointed to that Office in 1783 or 1784. but was employed there before that Time. The Duty of the Office is to make Entries of Commitments and Discharges of all the Prisoners, to return al! Habeas Corpuses directed to the Marshal; also to make Certificates of the Renders to exonerate the Bail. I do not reside in the Prison. There are Three Houses adjoining to the Prison; one belonging to the Marshal, one to the Clerk of the Papers, and the other to the Deputy Marshal. I do the Office myself, not by Deputy. I do not know the Number of Debtors, without referring to my Books; there have been generally, on an Average, about 5 or 600. I have brought my Books with me. I have nothing to do with the internal Government of the Prisoners, the Marshalsean give the best Information on that Subject. The Marshal has Fees on Commitment and on Discharges; he has a Profit on every Butt of Beer sold in the Prison; he is paid Room Rent also for about 200 Rooms.' There are 12 State Rooms. He takes Fees upon Persons being allowed the Benefit of the I^ules. There are also Day Rules: A Prisoner pays 4 2

for the first Day, and the same for the last Day, and for every intermediate Day Rule 35. 2 The Court of King’s Bench has lately limited the Day Rules to Three in each Term. The Liberty of the Day Rule is, for the Prisoner to be absent from Eight in the Morning till Nine in the Evening. He gives Security to the Marshal for his Return, who is responsible for his safe Custody. I am Clerk of the Day Rules: The Manner of distributing the Fees on Day Rulhs is, 15. for the first and last Day to the Deputy Marshal; 15. each Day to the Marshal; 8 each Rule to the Clerk of the Rules, and to me as Clerk of the Papers, and the rest as Clerk of the Day Rules: The Fees on the Day Rules are settled by the Court of King's Bench. The Marshal’s Fee1 on Commitment, is 6s. Id. There is no other legal Fee on Commitment, except what is paid at the Judge’s Chambers, of which I have 15. for the Commitment; and if it is a Render, I have 1 $. for the First Action, and 6d. for every other. The Marshal’s Fee on Discharge is 75. 4d. and 35. 4 to me as Clerk of the Papers; the Deputy has a Fee of 45.; and if there are more than One Action, I, as Clerk of the Papers, have 4 d.for every other. On Discharge of a Crown Prisoner, the Marshal receives 1/. 7 5. These Fees are paid by all the Prisoners,

except such as are discharged by the Lords Act. Every Prisoner pays the Fee on Commitment. — There have been Instances where the extreme Poverty of the

Prisoner

Prisoner has not enabled him to pay the Commitment Fee, and then he is sworn on the Common Side; but I think there are very few Instances where the Commitment Fees are not paid. — The Marshal has also, upon every Rule to acknowledge a Prisoner in Custody, io*. 6d. The Deputy Marshal does not reside at the Kings Bench, and his House there is in Possession of the Marshal, who has the Profit of letting it to the Prisoners. I have heard that Mr. Bowes, who is now in Prison, paid a very large Sum of Money for it; I believe or 500l. The Lodge Rooms, which are situated over the Lobby, and which were intended for the Turnkeys, as I apprehend, to be in and to take Care of the Place, are also let to Prisoners by the Marshal. — They were let by the late Marshal; but don’t know whether they are by the present. These Rooms were occupied by Mr. Christopher Atkinson, who, no Doubt, paid very handsomely for them. There are Four or Five of these Lodging Rooms: I have no Doubt Mr. can inform the Committee of the Particulars. The Table of Fees was regulated about the Year 17.54 or 1756, and no Alteration has been since made in them to my Knowledge: They are hung up in the Office of the Marshal, and any Prisoner may have Access to them. There is a Coffee House in the Prison, and the Marshal receives a Rent for it; also a Bake House, which, I believe, he receives Rent for. I have also heard, that the late Marshal had a Profit on Coals and Wine. I have heard the Marshal receives a Profit of a Guinea a Butt on all Beer sold within the Prison. — I believe the Tapster pays Rent to the Marshal exclusive of the Guinea a Butt on the Beer he sells.

Have the Prisoners the Means of getting Beer any where else than of this Tapster?

Y’es; but if they send out for it, it is considered as a great Offence against the Marshal, who has it in his Power to restrain the Prisoners from many Indulgences which are granted to them; and, no Doubt, has the Effect of preventing the Prisoners from buying Beer elsewhere. A Rule has been lately made by the King’s Bench, that it should be considered as an Escape, if a Prisoner was seen in any Public House within the Rules; the Effect of which, in my Opinion, is, that it prevents the Prisoners from going to any other Place within the Rules than the Marshal’s Tap. This Order is only intended to restrain them from going to Ale Houses; they are still at Liberty to send there for Beer: If they do send for Beer elsewhere, I have no Doubt it would be considered as a great Offence by the Marshal; and a Prisoner would not be looked so kind upon by the Officers of the Prison, as if he resorted to the Tap or Coffee House of the Prison. In general, the Prisoners get their Beer from the Tap; but some may get it from without. I should suppose they would prefer to get the Beer without the Prison; because, in the First Place, the Prisoner has an Idea they do not get so good Beer within the Prison; and heretofore there have been great Contentions about the Beer. I believe the Beer is sold at the same Price at the Tap as elsewhere. A Man of the Name of Bradbury, set up a Public House, called The Britannia, exactly opposite the Door of the Prison, to which there was a public Foot Road went across from the Prison to Road;

the late Marshal and Bradbury had some Contention, and the Road was stopt up; and I believe it was to prevent him from selling Beer to the Prisoners: This is about Two Years ago. I do not know the Cause of this Contention; but Mr. Middleton, a Surveyor «f Lambeth, has the Correspondence on the Subject in his Hands. This Public House still exists, but the Road is blocked up. The Marshal has a Fee on the Rules; that Fee is entirely, at the Discretion of the Marshal, and no Officer has any tiling to do with VOL. 47-

it. He generally takes about Seven Guineas and a Report oq Half if the Debt is 50/.; if tool. Ten Guineas.

There has lately been great Murmurs among the Prisoners about paying again for the Rules, having paid the former Marshal. The present Marshal, on coming into Office, demanded Half of these Fees to be paid over again; and several of the Prisoners complained to me of it, as a great Hardship. Charles O'Hara, who is now a Prisoner, came to me on the Occasion, and can give a particular Account of it.

I should apprehend, it is only usual to receive Fees when the Prisoner is first admitted to the Benefit of the Rules; this Fee is not regulated by the Court of King's Bench. I have heard that Lord Vane paid 100l. for the Rules. The Prisoners at present

confined are, in general, in very much Distress.

There are about 200 Rooms in the Prison, for which Rent is paid to the Marshal. It appears, from an Account in 1787, that the Rent paid for each Room is 1*. />er Week; there are 12 State Rooms, which are better Sorts of Rooms, for which, it is supposed in the same Account, that the Rent paid for each was a Guinea a Week; but Mr. Walker, the late Marshal, said, it was no such thing. He said, they were let at 2*. 6d. and 5*. a Week each. I believe these Rooms are now inhabited. I have heard of Instances of Prisoners being so poor as not to be able to pay any Rent for the Rooms at all, but I don't know any Instance of Prisoners being turned out on that Account; I have heard of such Instances, but know of none of my own Knowledge. The Common Side Prisoners appear very ragged, and extremely indigent and poor. I believe the Prisoners in the King's Bench at present appear, in general, to be in a State of Insolvency. I ain Steward for the charitable Donations; they are distributed to the Prisoners according to their Seniority; it is settled amongst themselves; I receive the Donations, and pay them, proportioning the Allowance to each, according to a Regulation made among themselves, which, I believe, has been confirmed by an Order of the Court of King's Bench. These Allowance are made only to the Prisoners confined on the Common Side. When they are in a State of extreme Distress I advance them a Part of these Donations, at my own Risk, and cannot be reimbursed till the Quarter becomes due, and a Receipt is signed by the Marshal, and under the Seal of the Court; the Mayor of the Common Side, the Clerk and Clerk Assistant (Three Prisoners chosen by the rest) sign it also. I know no particular Instances of Oppression towards Prisoners who have sent out of the Prison for Beer; but I collect my Opinion from Circumstances that I have formerly heard amongst them, that they had not been treated so kindly, as if they had had every Thing within the Prison. The Marshal and the Clerk of the Papers never meet at any stated Times. The present Marshal has been appointed about Six Weeks, but I have never spoke to him or met him.

Withdrew.

Mr. John Simpson, Keeper of Whitechapel Prison, examined.

I have not any Prisoner confined for Debt in Prison. I have been Keeper about Seven Years, during which Time I have had many Prisoners confined for Debt; the last I had in Prison for Debt was discharged last Saturday. It is called the Court of the Lord the King, of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, and confined to Debts amounting to not above 5/. The Court does not appear by Arrests but by Summons; and no Prisoners are received but are charged in Execution. This Prison is in the Custody of a private Individual. I am also Sheriff-s Officers to the Sheriff of Middlesex. The Prisoner charged

111

A. 1798.

Report on Imprison-n ent for Debt.

in Execution is confined a Week for every Pound of the Debt and Costs to which he stands charged. The Costs are always 15s. in every Suit, but if the Amount of the Debt sued for is fractional, so as to complete with the 15$. the Sum into Pounds, the Prisoner is detained at the Rate of One Pound Week. If the 'Costs remain at a Fraction beneath a Pound, they are not considered in the Term of Imprisonment. There is only One Ward in the Prison. Before Lord Beauchamp's Act there have been 100 confined at a Time. I have never had more than Three at a Time since I have been in Office. In general, Persons who have been sent to this Prison appear to have been in Circumstances unable to pay their Debts. They were generally Persons of the lowest Description, such as Coal-heavers, Ballast-getters, and labouring Persons. During the Time they are confined they lose their Labour, and have no Subsistence allowed them. They are not allowed to beg from the Grate. They are in general supplied by their Friends, and if they have no Friends I have occasionally relieved them, and begged the Plaintiff to discharge them on Petition to The Thatched House, who on my sending a Letter have generally given me Directions to atlord them such Belief. In case the Plaintiff has been obdurate, and would not except the Composition, I have been directed by The Thatched House to pay the Sum allotted into the Hands of the Prisoner for his Subsistence. In general the Plaintiffs accept the Composition, but during the Time I have been in Office (Seven Years) there may have been Six or Seven Instances to the contrary. No Medicinal Assistance in case of Sickness; nor have I any Allowance for keeping the Gaol. No Allowance for Fuel in Winter. There is a Fee of 5 s. on the Discharge of every Prisoner, regulated by the Court of Record, and hung up in the Court; no Table of that Fee is hung up in the Prison. It very frequently happens that they are not able to pay that Fee. I never detained One on that Account, but it is in iny Power to do so till he pays. Before I came to this Prison it was in a ruinous Condition, the Prisoners locked up in it without any Person to look after them, and no Water for the Use of the Prisoners. The Clerk of the Court visited them occasionally. There was a Communication between his House and the Prison. The Prisoners had no Means of procuring any Water without the Assistance of their Friends, or by paying Persons for fetching it; that is not the Case now. I have repaired the Prison, and have got Water laid into it. When I came there I found a Woman of the Name of Cole, w ho had been confined there for Two Years under the Charter, which Charter still subsists, and the Jurisdiction belonging to it. She was allowed her Groats. She appeared to be in a decent Situation, having good Friends. She was confined for a Debt of 8/. She received as much almost as her whole Debt in Groats. The Payment of the Groats was paid at stated Days by a Man who was a Broker or Bookseller, who lived in the Parlour adjourning the Gaol, and paid her through the Grate of the Prison. I do not believe she could live upon the Groats; I suppose she might live upon 5 s. a Week. I do not believe she could have procured Payment of her Debt. When I came to the Prison I found she had behaved very well. I thought her a Woman worthy of Notice, and I applied to Dr. Markham, the Parson of the Parish, and he gave me an Order for 5 /. and I collected the rest among my Friends, and discharged the Debt. When in Prison she worked at her Needle, and procured something towards her Subsistence. She has been discharged nearly Seven Years. There has been no other Prisoner there since her under that Charter.

Withdrew.

Mr. Jeremiah Beavis, Keeper of the Borough,

examined

Prisoners are committed to this Gaol from the Court of Conscience, charged in Execution. Prisoners are also committed charged by Mesne Process from the Borough Court, and in Execution. It will contain 150 Prisoners. There are only Four now, Two charged from the Court of Conscience, and Two on Writ from the Borough Court, One of whom has been there upwards of Two Years. Before he came to me, he was confined five Years at the Marsh ahea. The amount of the Debt is now upwards of 20/. He is charged in Execution by his Brother; the original Debt was upwards of 15/.; it has accumulated to 20/. by the Attornies Bills; they don’t let him want; he is unable to pay his Debt; he has no Money but what they send him; his Brother sends him generally by a Porter, 10$. 6a. once in a Fortnight or Three Weeks; he is a Jew, and does not Work, and has no Means of procuring a Livelihood while he remains in Prison; he is about 40 Years of Age, a very healthy Man; he knows better than to apply for his Groats; the Beason he is confined is, his Family are afraid of being murdered by him; his general Behaviour in Prison is quiet and decent, but when he first gets his Money he is apt to drink, and be riotous in consequence. No Allowance in this Prison but id. per Day for each Prisoner, allowed by the City of London; and sometimes the Lord Mayor will send some Fuel. 1 receive to the Amount of 2 or 300 Prisoners every Year from the Court of Conscience; the highest Sum they are sent for is 40 Shillings, and any Sum under that Amount; all those that are in for above 20 Shillings remain there for 40 Days, and then the Debt is exonerated. There are no Fees on Discharge or Commitment. Those in Prison for Debts under 20 s. stay 20 Days, and then are discharged. In general, the Prisoners consist of young hearty Men, that are of some Mechanical Trade. A Fee of 7 is paid on the Discharge of a Prisoner from the Borough Court, a Table of which Fee is hung up publicly in the Prison. The Prison is a new Structure, the ancient one being destroyed in the Biots of 1780. Where one pays the Debt, 20 are discharged after staying out their Time.

Withdrew.

Martis24" Mali, 1791.

Committee proceed.

William Jones, Esquire, the Marshal of the King's Bench.

[Delivers in written Answers to Questions submitted to him by the Committee.

Also delivers in an Account of Perquisites and Emoluments of the Marshal.]

Besides these Fees, I receive a Profit on the Tap, which depends chiefly upon my Agreement with the Brewers, but the Beer with which the Prison is supplied is always of the very best Sort, and sold to the Prisoners at the Common Price of the

Brewer allows me more Profit, because he is sure of being paid every Month; the Tapster accounts to me at the Kate of from 15 to 17 per Butt; Tapster pays me no Bent. I also receive a Profit of 4$. a Dozen on Wine sold by the Coffee House Keeper, who also pays me Two Guineas a Week Kent. Profit on Ale is, on an Average, from 8 to 10 per Barrel; on Amber 45 s. on a Three-quarter Cask. On an Average, there are about 500 Butts of Porter sold in a

Year,

T

SQ> Geo. III.

Qj° Aprilis.

651

Year, 250 Dozen of Wine, from 80 to 90 Three-quarter Casks of Amber, and from 40 to 50 Barrels of Ale. The Prisoners have the Liberty of getting these different Articles elsewhere. I provide the very best Articles I can procure.

[Delivers in an Account of the Annual Expenditure attending the Office of Marshal.]

In the Lodge Rooms, no Prisoner for Debt is confined at present, nor has been since I have been Marshal; but if a Prisoner for Debt could afford to pay for these Rooms, he might have them; no fixed Price for them. The Deputy Marshal has a House allotted for him within the Rules; he does not occupy it; not inhabited at present; I believe Mr.

Walker, the late Marshal, some Time ago, let it to Mr. Bowes;Mr. Bowes is now among the common

Prisoners. Several of the Prisoners within the Rules carry on their Trades, by which Means many are the sooner enabled to pay their Debts.

[Delivers in printed Rules and Orders for the Government of the King's Bench.}

No Medical Assistance is provided for indigent Prisoners in case of Sickness; in case of Death, the Bodies of the poor Prisoners are left in Prison for a Day or Two, to give their Friends an Opportunity of coming to take then away for Burial; if that is not the Case, the other Prisoners generally subscribe towards the Funeral; if they do not subscribe, then the Marshal buries them at his own Expence: There is no Fund appropriated for the Burial of the poor Prisoners. I do not think in general a Prisoner can procure the Allowance of the Groats under 15 provided the Creditor lives in London or.

[Delivers in Account of Tipstaves Fees of the Court of King's Bench.}

Withdrew.

Mr. William

[Delivers in the Return of the Number of Prisoners in the King's Bench, from 1781 to the present Time.]

The Number of Prisoners that surrendered under the Proclamation before the 1st of September 1780, was 691, and the Number that did not surrender, >55-

[Also delivers in Account of Gifts and Donations.]

They are distributed among the poor Prisoners, who swear themselves, before a Magistrate or Judge, not worth 5/.; there are at present 12 who have taken this Oath, and received the Donation; One of these 12 has been confined ever since the 11th of April 1783, for 221/.; he is about 50 Years old. Before a Prisoner is entitled to a whole Share, he must have been in Prison Three Months; Two Months entitles him to a Quarter Share.

[Delivers in Account of the Number of Deaths from 1781 to the present Time.]

Formerly I have heard Complaints from the Prisoners, that they were not supplied with good Beer, but have not heard any Complaints lately.

[Delivers in List of Fees belonging to his Office of Clerk of the Papers.]

These Fees are the same as I found when I came into Office. Those not ticked are not in the printed established Rules, delivered in by Mr. Jones, the Marshal.

There is no Restraint as to the Manner of Living of those Prisoners who have wherewith. It frequently happens, that Prisoners are removed backwards and forwards from one Prison to another, but not generally at the Defendant’s own Instance, on Account of the Expence. In the Case of the Punishment of a Prisoner for Misbehaviour, there is no Record kept of the Offence.

Vo 1. 47.

The Coroner is apprized of every Death that happens in the Prison, to whom Official Fees arc due; for and I have heard of several Instances where, on Non- Debt, payment of Fees, the Coroner has refused a Warrant to bury the Corpse.

Withdrew.

Mr. Richard Akerman,

[Delivers in Return of the Number of Prisoners in Neugate:

Also, delivers in written Answers to Questions submitted to him by the Committee; also, contains Number of Deaths:

Also, delivers in Account of Fees:

Also, Account of Debtors who have Families in Neugate.}

Mr. Joseph Birchell,

[Delivers in Account of Middlesex Debtors confined in Neugate.}

Mr. Eyles, Warden of the Fleet,

[Delivers in List of Fees, &c. of Officers of the Fleet.}

Mr. Nicholas Nixon, Clerk of the Papers of the Fleet, examined.

A Visit is made to the Prison Once a Week by the Chamberlain of the House, who collects the Warden’s Rent. The Measurement of the Rooms vary; in general they are about 15 by 11 on the Common Side there are 27 Cabins in Four large Rooms, and only 14 Prisoners to inhabit them; 12 of the Prisoners, who are sworn on the Grate, receive Donations to the Amount of 39/. 19. 6. There are some Coals and other Articles sent at Christmas, hut of those I have no Account. There are 180 Prisoners in the Prison, and 80 in the Rules, but 58 of these in the Rules appear supersedeable. The Rent of the Rooms, when furnished, are a Guinea a Week, and 8 s. 3 d. unfurnished.

The Quantity of Porter consumed Annually, on an Average, is 558 Barrels, and 37 Barrels of Amber. These pay to the Warden 5$. Barrel; 60 Barrels of Ale, which pays nothing; and 130 Dozen of Wine, which pay from 45. to 4 6d. per Dozen.

The Warden allows the Tapster, who is a Prisoner, an additional Room for his own Use.

In the Year 1780, the Fire at the Riots consumed all the Books which could give an Account of those Debtors who were discharged in 1778 by the Insolvent Act, excepting One Book, and by that it appears, that there were 101 Prisoners discharged under that Act. In 1780, 233 Prisoners rendered before the 1st of September, and after that, and before the 3d of October 1781, 197 rendered; 25 did not render at all; and it appears that 144 were discharged by the Act. The Rules of the Prison extend nearly Half a Mile in Circumference, in the Form of a Quadrangle. The Wives of Prisoners confined amount to about 106, and 300 Children, according to the best Account I can procure: iS Prisoners

receive their Groats.

Prisoners died in Custody.

In 1783

1784

1785

1786

1787

1788

1789

1790 >79*

6

8

L5

5

8

8 E

On

v

On the Common Side of the Prison, the Size of the Rooms is 28 by 14: In One of these Rooms are Six Cabins; in the other Three, Seven each. The Cabins are Seven Feet high, and the Ceiling Nine Feet.

Withdrew.

Mr. Eyles, Warden of the Fleet, examined.

I have a House at the Fleet; but I never resided there since it was new built in 1780. I have no stated Times of coming to Town to visit the Prison.

I never fail coming Once a Week, and sometimes Twice a Week. I generally stay One Night in Town, and reside sometimes at my Sister’s in Grafton and sometimes at the Hummum in Cavent Garden. I constantly visit the Prison when I come to Town.

Withdrew.

Mr. John Addison Newman,

[Delivered in the Return of the Number of Prisoners confined for Debt in Ludgate Prison: Also, delivered in List of Fees taken by the Keeper of the Prison:

Also, delivered in List of Fees taken by the Secondaries of London for Discharge of Prisoners in Ludgate Prison:

Also, delivered in List of Fees taken by the Clerk of the Papers of the Two Compters, for Discharge of Prisoners from Ludgate Prison:

Also, delivered in written Answers to Questions submitted to him by the Committee:

Also, delivered in List of Donations.]

Mr. John Kirby, Keeper of New Compter, [Delivered in List of Fees:

Also, delivered in Answers to Questions submitted by the Committee.]

Mr. Henry West, Keeper of the Poultry Compter, [Produced Table of Fees:

Also, produced Fees due to the Secondaries of London in Discharge of Prisoners from the Poultry Compter:

Also, delivered in Account of Number of Prisoners, what Families, how many allowed the Groats, and how many work at their Trades:

Also, delivered in Account of Donations.]

Mr. James Ives, Keeper of the County Gaol, Surrey,

[Delivered in Table of Fees of the said Gaol:

Also, Return of the Number of Prisoners.]

Mr. John Evans,

[Delivered in Account of the Fees of the sha/sca Prison:

Also, delivered in List of Prisoners:

Account of Fees taken by the Officers of the Borough Compter, also delivered in.]

Jovis, 26° dieMaii, 1791.

Committee met at the King's Bench Prison, and proceed.

Mr. Jones delivered in an Account of different Persons who have the Liberty of the Rules.

[Received Cases of several of the Prisoners.]

Mr. Joe Millett, a Prisoner confined in the King's Bench, called in, and examined.

I surrendered in August 1780 — During my Confinement I have heen an Eye Witness to Instances of

Prisoners having died through Want; in particular one John Trivett, who came from Somersetshire, in Consequence of a Suit from Sir William Yew. The Debt was occasioned by the Expences of ASe Law Suit, amounting to about 35/. He had been confined near a Twelvemonth, and had lain the whole Winter on a damp Stone Floor, with nothing but a Bit of Hop Bagging: He died in 1784 or 1785. He was a poor labouring Man, and while in Health he supported himself by blacking Shoes, and cleaning Knives in the Prison; but after he was ill he had not common Necessaries — neither Bed or Bedstead to sleep on. His Illness was a Cold and a Flux; by sleeping so long in his Cloaths, they were so worn out that there was a Hole through the Shoulder of the Coat, and nothing to cover his Flesh. When I heard of his Distress, I sent to Mr. Dornford, of Philpot Lane, who sent him 7 6d. to be laid out in

Medicine for him. I also applied to the Deputy Marshal, who supplied him with a Bottle of Wine, and some Broth; but it was then too late, and he died in a few Days afterwards. I got a Physician and an Apothecary to attend him, but his Health was so far impaired they could render him no further Service. The Apothecary said he died through Want A Coroner sat on his Body, as they do on every Prisoner who dies; their Verdict was, " Died by the " Visitation of God." The Jury is generally picked out by the Persons in the Lobby (Officers under the Marshal) who chuse those they think will represent the Case in the most favourable Light. I have been in Prison Ten Years, and was never appointed on the Jury, and many others were never called upon. He was, buried either at the Expence of the Marshal, or the Parish. He had a Chum with him during the whole Time of his Sickness, who continued in the Room with the Body till it was buried. The Bodies have been very often kept several Days, in Consequence of not having Friends who were able to bury them: In this Case the Bodies are removed to the Strong Room, in order to prevent their being a Nuisance. There is no Place allotted in the Prison to deposit the dead Bodies. There have been Instances where Three are chummed together, that One has died, and the Two Survivors have been obliged to continue in the Room with the dead Body for Two on Three Days. It happened to me Once that my Chum died, and it was with veiy great Difficulty that I could get any other Place to sleep in I knew the Reverend John Butler, of Great Sowdley, in Staffordshire. He was confined for Debt in this Prison a considerable Time, and in another Prison before, in the Whole 11 Years. I believe he died about Two Years and a Half ago, in Want of the common Necessaries of Life; for several Days having nothing but a little Bread and Treacle to live on. Since I have been in Prison no Beer has been brought in but Once; it was then done in Defiance of the Marshal, and it was soon put a Stop to The Person who brought it in sold it, and set up a Sort of a Tap Room, for which Reason he was dispossessed of the Room, and carried before the Court of King's Bench.

Since 1786 the Number of Prisoners have diminished, owing to the Extension of the Lords Act, it not being thought before to be any Relief to a Prisoner. Many Prisoners have been here from Five to Nine or Ten Years. Within the last Six Months many fresh Prisoners have come in; before that Period the general Average of their Confinement was from Two to Three Years. In the present State of Fulness of the Prison I think in warm Weather it is dangerous to the Health of the Prisoners: In many of the smallest Rooms there are Five or Six sleep together. I have known the Prison fuller than at present There are some who are confined who have

- more

659

more than sufficient to pay their Debts; and there are some also in the greatest Distress imaginable. I think on an Average each Prisoner cannot spend less than l<5«. per Week, including the Expence of mainta ling their Families. I have heard of Instances of Prisoners spending Four or Five Guineas a Week in Prison. 1 have heard that from One Guinea to Four and Five has been given for a Room. This is

g'ven to the other Prisoners who have a Right to the oom, and not to the Marshal. The Amount of my whole Debt was between 6 and 7,000 /. My Property was divided under a Commission of Bankruptcy. All the Creditors but One have proved and received their Dividend: One alone, whose original Debt only amounted to 80 would not accept of the Composition. When the last Dividend was made he offered to accept the Composition, and gave the Commissioners a Copy of my Discharge, which he promised to send the next Day. The Commissioners informed him they could not admit of his receiving his Dividend till I was first discharged, for which Reason the final Dividend was put off for Three Months longer. When he offered to receive the Dividend a Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors was depending in Parliament (in 1784): It was thrown out in the House of Lords the very Day the final Dividend was made, and he then refused to accept a Dividend, thinking he should get more from my Friends. The Debt and Costs now amount to 130/.

Withdrew.

[Return of the Number of Prisoners in the New Compter delivered in:

Also was delivered in the Return of Deaths in the said Compter.]

[Mr. Jones delivered in an Account of the different Persons who have the Liberty of the Rules of the Kings Bench:

Also was delivered in Return of Prisoners in the Poultry Compter:

Also of Deaths in the said Compter:

Also was delivered in an Account of London Prisoners in Newgate.]

V°.neris, 27* die 1791.

Committee met at the Bench Prison, and

proceed.

The Examination of Mr. Millett continued.

Israel King,a Liquor Merchant, at whose Suit I was originally confined, hearing that my Mother-in-Law had promised her Niece, and Three more Creditors, to make good the Deficiency after they had taken their Dividends under the Commission, refused, unless the same Assurance was given to him, to accept of the Composition as was agreed to by the other Creditors; he is dead, and I am now confined at the Suit of his Executors. The present Creditor called on me once since I have been in Prison (in 1784) and said he would consent to receive the Dividend, provided the Costs were paid him: I cannot pay the Costs, as I have nothing but what I get by the Chance of my Friends; my Confinement has put it out of my Power to pay my Debts; if I had been at Liberty, it might have been in my Power, as my Mother-in-Law would have put me into Business, to give me an Opportunity of making up my Deficiencies. I came into Prison immediately after it was re-built in 1781; I surrendered in August 1780, soon after the Prison was burnt, and remained out on a Certificate of Lord Mansfield till it was re-built. The Room called The Brace, and the Room over it, Vol. 47.

when I first came into Prison, was allotted to Prison- Repori on ers, and there were Five or Six in each Room. I am Imprisoa-not certain whether it was Two Years or more after I ®e"l ^or came in, that the lower Room, which is now called The Brace, was used as a Tap Room, and I believe it was licensed by the Marshal's Authority; it was supposed, by a Rule which hangs up in the Coffee Room, that these Rooms were destined for the Use of the Sick. The Brace is now allotted to Two Prisoners, and the Person who keeps the Tap pays the other out. During the last Six Years it has been used as a Tap Room. I lived once in the same Stair Case, and it was a great Nuisance. People have been up drinking all Saturday Night, and we have found them there when we have been going to Chapel on Sunday Morning.

Do you know the Room, described in N# 7 of the Rules hung up in the Coffee Room on the Common Side, to be reserved and kept in good Repair for the Use and Benefit of the Prisoners, for Exercise and Conversation ?

That Rule relates to the Old Prison, which was burnt down previous to my Confinement; there is no Room of that Description now, and has not since I have been here; it has been generally supposed that the Coffee Room was designed for that Purpose.

No Rooms are now allotted for the Sick; it has alw ays been supposed that The Brace, and the Room over it, was intended for that Purpose; these Rooms are about Twice the Size of the other Rooms; the Tapster who keeps this Room, after 11 o'clock of a Club Night, demands 5 d.for a Pot of Beer; he never sells it for less than 4 d.; the Tap Room is shut up at 11 at Night, the other Room is kept open all Night. There have been Complaints among the Prisoners of the Beer being flat, and I apprehend they would be refused Leave from sending out for other Beer. There have been Instances of Beer being sent for out, and thrown down by some of the Men in the Lobby; in particular, one Mrs. Robinson, a Widow, sent out for a Pot of Beer, and when it was brought into the Lobby some of the People employed about the Prison threw it down, and would not suffer it to be brought in; they will not suffer a Drop to be brought in, if they can prevent it by any Means. I have heard many Complaints, that the Measure of the Beer has been short; I have found it so myself, but I seldom or ever drink a Pot of Beer in a Month or Two, and therefore never thought it worth while to complain.

On the 24th of February 1791, upon the nearest Calculation I could make, there were within the Walls of the Prison 522 Prisoners, who had 362 Wives and 1,080 Children. I should suppose about One Third of those were constantly resident within the Walls.

I have Four Children, whom I have never seen but Once since I have been here. I think it a very bad Place to bring Children to I know One Instance of a Girl of 11 Years of Age being ravished here; and several Girls (Children of Prisoners) from 13 to 14 Years old, have been debauched here. I think the Children that remain within the Walls of the Prison are brought up in a State of Immorality and Debauchery; very few Children here have any Education.

In consequence of Men being chummed out they then get a Room where they can on the most reasonable Terms, and in consequence of their having no Bedding or Furniture, it is an Advantage the getting into those Rooms. Lately Two or Three Prisoners, in consequence of their Illness, were turned out of their Rooms where they slept at a late Hour, when there was not Time to get a Bed elsewhere: One of them got to a Place under the Stair Case, N* 16, where he died: Another, that was turned out in that Manner, staid in the Tap Room all Night, and it was with

Iteport on Imprisonment foi Debt.

660 2° Apr ilk. A. 1792.

great Difficulty he could get any Body to take him in afterwards, he was so fluxed; the Prisoners subscribed towards paying for his Lodging. Captain Stevenson can give the Committee further Information on this Matter. The Prison is not kept in a proper State of Cleanliness; since the Death of the late Mr. Hill it has not been kept so clean; he paid particular Attention to this. The Necessary Houses, for Want of being cleaned oftner, are often very offensive, and particularly so in hot Weather. The Prison is very well supplied with Water. The Rooms nor the Stair Case have been white-washed at the Marshal’s Expence since I have been in Prison; when it is done it is at the Prisoners Expence. Many of the Rooms occupied by the poorer Sort of Prisoners are in a very dirty Condition. Edward , who died in the King's Bench on the 27th December 1787, of the Small Pox, his Wife at the same Time was supported at the Expence of the Parish, with her Five Children, at an Allowance of Three Shillings a Week only; therefore it was not in her Power to procure proper Necessaries for him, nor yet Medical Assistance, otherwise her Husband, in all Probability might not have died. He had not proper Assistance, otherwise I think his Life might have been saved. He was buried by Subscription.

Mr. James Jackson, a Prisoner in the King's Bench.

I have been so Four Years and Four Months. Am Surgeon and Man-Midwife. During the Time I have been in Prison I have attended most of the Prisoners who have wanted Medical Assistance, no Medical Assistance being allowed to the Prison, nor none to be got after Ten o’Clock at Night, even in cases of Fractures, and on Women being in Labour, who have been Prisoners, even if they could pay for it. After Ten at Night no Possibility of getting Medical Assistance, in any Case, from without the Prison. During my Confinement, I have attended a vast Number of distressed Prisoners and their Families, a vast Number of which have wanted Food and common Necessaries; frequently without Beds and other Cloathing. Many Cases I have frequently met with, that when the Patient has been in a State of Recovery, they frequently relapsed for the Want of Necessaries; and some, in my firm Opinion, I believe, have died for Want of them. It is my Opinion, that their Illnesses have been occasioned sometimes for Want of Food and Cloathing, and frequently from being too many in One Room. In the present State of the Prison, from the Number confined, I believe much to be apprehended on that Account. It might be remedied, by the Marshal turning out the Wives and Children of the Prisoners, who, in that Case, must be turned on the Parish for Want of other Lodgings. I have frequently known as many as Eight in One Room, all labouring under Fevers and other Maladies, Four of which now remain in the same Room. Some little Time ago, I attended Two Persons in One Room, both of which were in a very dangerous Situation; One was attended by Dr. Budd as well as myself: They both, prayed earnestly to be removed from each other. I made Application to the Marshal’s Deputy for that Purpose; who asked me, if I chose to take One of them myself in my own Room ? I found myself much hurt at so unjust a Request, after being a Prisoner Four Years; and went away. One of them died Two Days afterwards; the other got out of Prison a Week after that, and died also. Soon after that, a Bankrupt was under a similar Situation: He was sent for to go to Manchester, to appear to his Commission; I gave a Certificate of the Impossibility of his being capable of bearing the Journey. He was ordered by the Marshal to quit the Prison, notwithstanding his dangerous Indisposition. I wrote to the Deputy

Marshal, stating the Man’s exact Situation: He. persevered in removing of him, and was angry witbhne for writing, and the Man died the next Morning.; There are Two or Three Prisoners appointed to in a Room together, and in case of any Man beiiu» bad, or even dying, there is no other Accommodation for those who remain in the Room. I also made Application to the Deputy Marshal, a Month ago, relating to a Gentleman then in a deep Decline, in order that the Marshal might enforce his Authority for the Servants to clean out the Gentleman’s Room. He turned about in a very angry Manner, and asked me, if he was to clean it out? I told him " No, but his Servants might; for the Room was not fit for any Christian to go into, filled with all Kind of Filth and Vermin;" — of Course I got no Redress, either for the Patient or myself; and the Patient died that Day Week. I made immediate Enquiry, respecting his Situation, of his Chum, who told me, he had wanted for a great Length of Time, though afterwards he told me he could get Money at any Time he chose to send for it. However, at the Time I was sent for to attend the Man, I found him in a State of Delirium, and every how incapable of getting any Thing for himself. I attended him One Week, and gave him every Sort of Medicine necessary, and also Nourishment; and when he died, the Coroner’s Inquest sat on the Body, and I was examined and sworn as to the supposed Cause of his Death, which I gave, as my Opinion, w as Want of Food and Care; and the Verdict was, " Died by the Visitation of God." About Two Months ago I was sent for by Mr. to at-

tend Two Children, then in a very dangerous Way; 1 found them without a Bed to lie on, and without any Kind of Nourishment whatever. I reported this Case to my Fellow Prisoners, and gained temporary Relief for them; in this Situation they were for Eight Weeks: After that the Father was taken bad also, and in great Distress (Subscriptions are going on for him now) and confined Six Weeks to his Bed without any kind of Assistance but what he got from his poor Fellow Prisoners; he is perfectly free from Disease at this Time, but destitute of proper Cloathing and the Common Food necessary for his Existence. I believe near 1,800 Persons are constantly resident within the Walls of the Prison. Mr. s Wife was taken in Labour about Two Months ago, I was sent for, and delivered her, and who, from her impoverished State, and Want of Cloathing, kept her Bed for Six Weeks afterwards; immediately on her Recovery her Husband was taken bad also, and continued so for Six Weeks. A Subscription was made for the Relief of both, which gave them temporary Relief, but they are now in a State of as much Want as ever. I do not think the Prison is kept in a proper State of Cleanliness. The Prison is actually in a better State with regard to the Health of the Prisoners than I have known it for some Time, but I do not think it likely to continue so during the Summer. The Sum for which I am confined is 465/. all of which, except 225/. is supersedeable. I have offered my Creditors 201, a Year till the Whole should be paid, at the Rate of Ten Shillings in the Pound, and to settle, as a Medical Man, in this Neighbourhood, where I might be enabled to maintain myself. I have received nothing since I have been here but what I have made by carrying on my Business within the Walls of the Prison. I was Surgeon to a Merchant Ship. I have heard many Complaints of short Measure of Beer at the Tap, and the bad Quality, so as to injure the Health of the Prisoners. I have frequently been sent for to Persons whose Illness has been evidently occasioned by the Badness of the Beer, A Girl went last Night for some Beer, and she told the Master of the Tap that the Measure must be full, or she must go opt for it; to which he replied, " You may go out

" and

661

" and be damned;" and I have frequently seen him offer bad Halfpence to the Prisoners, and because they would not take them, he has taken the Beer in a Passion out of their Hands, and would not let them have it any. more. The Children confined are in general very numerous, badly cloathed, and worse educated. The Girls are in general debauched at an early Age.

Major Macdonald examined.

Been confined since November 1787; the Amount of the Debts is 2,896 I., some of which are not just, and I can prove not to be due, but am unable to afford the Expence of supporting a legal Enquiry into the Validity of them. Other Persons are indebted to me to an Amount which would enable me to discharge all my just Debts; but being detained here, and without Money, I am not in a Situation of Ability of prosecuting my own Claims. My Half Pay is stopt, for what Reason I know not.

Mr. John Stanley examined.

Been in Prison more than Eight Years; Debt 321/. I was a Silk Weaver, and lost 100l. by a Man taking Goods of me and absconding. A Mrs C is my Plaintiff; she has been often applied to, to get me out, but she refused, saying, she would keep me here all my Life, even if she was forced to support me: I am sworn on the Common Side; have nothing to live on but what I get from standing Once in Five Days with the begging Box at the Door; the Profit of the Box, on an Average, amounts to about Two Shillings a Week; I have nothing else to support me, except now and then getting a Job at White-washing, but I have not had a Job for Six Months before Today; the Whole I have to subsist on is about 3$. 6d. a Week: I have a Wife, and Four Children; buried Two since I have been in Prison; One died of a Decline, and the other in the Small Pox; the eldest is Ten Years old, and a Girl, the other Three are Boys; together, I and my Wife, make about a Crown a Week, which is the Whole I have to support myself and Family, and have not a Friend to assist us; One Prisoner is chummed with me, and he, myself, my Wife, and Children, all sleep in the same Room; the Room is 13 Feet by 11; I have no Complaint to make of my Treatment in the Prison; am 43 Years old; my Wife and Children have been with me ever since the first Six Months of my Confinement; if the Chum is agreeable, no Objection is made by the Officers of the Prison for the Wife and‘Children being with them; I sleep on a Mattrass, 3 { Feet wide, lying on the Ground, which is all I have for myself, YVife, and Four Children. The Debt was contracted for Silk, which I had for carrying on my Trade; I was to have Six Months Credit, but on Account of Losses, I was unable to discharge my Debt; I offered, if she would give me my Discharge, to work out the Debt at 10/. a Year, but she would not come to any Agreement of the Sort; I paid her 10 Guineas the Morning she arrested me, in her own Honse, where she arrested, me not Five Minutes after the Payment; I can’t carry on my Trade here for Want of Room; a Gentleman of the Trade would have employed me if I could have found Room; his Name was Thomson] I worked for him Four or Five Years; but when he came to see the Situation of the Place, he could not employ me, as the Trade in which I was employed requires a Situation in which there is much Length and Light; 12 Feet of Light is the least in which I could do any Thing.

Withdrew.

Vol. 47.

Sabbati, 28* die Mail, 1791*

Report on Imprisoii-

_ , raentfor

Committee met, and proceed at the Kings Bench t>ebt-Prison.

[The Deputy Marshal delivered in the Dimensions of the Prison.]

Mr. Oliver Nugent examined.

I have been confined in Prison since October last. I have paid a Fee for a Term Bond, which is a Security, on a Prisoner’s having a Day Rule, for his Return, and an Exemption from being followed by the Tip-staff. I was asked Three Guineas for the Term Bond, but I did not ultimately pay that Sum. 1 paid it in the first Instance; but the Officer who exacted it, hearing of my Intention to write a Letter to Lord Kenyon, acknowledged that he had no Authority to take so large a Sum, and begged of me not to persevere in the Complaint; and- upon his promising never to practise a similar Extortion on any other Prisoner, and returning me a Guinea, I withdrew it. His Name was Ridgeway, a Tipstaff.

I have been Witness to a vast deal of Misery in the Prison. I have very frequently attended a Number of Prisoners who were in very great Distress, with a great Number in a Room together, almost in a State of Putrefaction. I have found Seven Prisoners in a Room: There were that Number in a Room on my Stair Case. I have been induced from Humanity to practice Physic; and finding the Complaints of the Prisoners to proceed in general from Want of Food and Nourishment, I have performed wonderful Cures in consequence of supplying them with Food and Nourishment. I do not think the Prison is kept in a proper State State of Cleanliness; the Stair Cases are very Dirty, and upon my desiring the Scavenger to clean them, he said it was not his Duty. — I believe a great Deal of Immorality prevails in the Prison. The Number of Wives and Children contributes greatly to the Inconvenience. The only Way in which Children can assist their Parents, is when they are of proper Age to go with Messages; the being brought up within the Prison is very prejudicial to their Morals. No Means of Employment or of Education. Many Persons who have Children have no Means of supporting them out of Doors, nor of providing them with Lodgings. If they were sent to their Parishes, where their Parents would not have to maintain them, I think it would be better in every Respect. There are 16 Rooms on my Stair Case, which are of the common Size, and the Number of Persons,. including Wives and Children of Prisoners belonging to that Stair Case, amounted to about 140. It might appear to any Person coming for the first Time into the Prison, that there were a Number of Persons in an easy Situation, from the Mode in which they appear to be living, and able, if willing, to discharge their Debts; but this appears to me to arise from an Effect which I have observed to be consequent on Imprisonment, that a Prisoner, when first confined, spends what little Money he may have in Games and other Amusement to pass the Time, and to divert the Thoughts arising on his first Imprisonment, but is very soon reduced by this very Circumstance to a State of Want, and added to the Stock of miserable Objects, who have scarce any Means of supporting themselves. The upper Rooms of the Prison smoke so much, that even in the coldest Weather the Fires have been obliged to be extinguished.

It is the common Practice of seeing one of the Underlings of the Bench to chum Men expeditiously, and the Prisoner is accommodated according to the Fee he gives. I paid a Guinea, for several Weeks after my Arrival in Prison, to a fellow Prisoner for a Room, and it is not unusual for Rooms to be let at

8 F that

Report on Imprisonment Debt.

2° Aprilis.

A. 1792.

that Rate. I represented it to the Deputy Marshal as a great Hardship, and he accommodated me with the first Room that was vacant. I paid the Cryer a Fee of a Guinea for the Room when I got it.

The Quality of the Beer in the late Marshal’s Time was extremely bad, but the present Marshal has changed the Brewer, and the Quality of the Beer is much mended.

Withdrew.

The Reverend John F examined.

I have been confined in Prison 13 Months. On the 13th of May 1790, I was seized in my Lodgings, by Eight Persons breaking into my Bedchamber without any previous Notice. The Bailiffs Servant executed the Warrant The Plaintiff’s Attorney attended in Person. The Bailiff wished me to go to his House. I told him I had received so much ill Treatment that I refused it, and was carried to the County Gaol, and brought here by Habeas.

The Situation of Four-fifths of the Prisoners confined in the King's Bench is very distressed. I look on it the other Proportion is supported entirely by their Friends; and there are some few who may have Property, but who, I believe, reserve that Property merely because they cannot make equal Terms with their Creditors. The Wives and Families, in general, of the Prisoners within the Prison, are in a distressed Situation. The Children are in general without Education. The Number of Children are a very great Inconvenience. Their Parents have no Means of supporting them without the Prison, but by Means of their Parish, which would be better for both the Parents and Children than their remaining confined in the Prison, as they can be of very little Assistance to their Parents where they are. The Scavengers do not keep the Stair Cases sufficiently clean. The Cryer makes no Demand, but it is understood he expects Half a Guinea, and has sometimes received a Guinea, either to procure a Prisoner a good Room, or to prevent his having a Chum.

Withdrew.

Mrs. Louisa Smith examined. — Is about 56 Years old; been in Prison 10 Years in November; her Debt is

375/. — I have other Claims, which Debt, if I could recover them. Am

greatest Distress.

would satisfy the at present in the

Withdrew.

Luna, 30* die Mail, 1791.

Committee met at the House of Commons, and adjourned to the King's Bench Prison.

Committee met at the King's Bench Prison.

Mr. Nugent, a Prisoner, again examined. — There are Six Pumps in the Prison, Three of which are occasionally defective, in consequence of their being improperly laid down when they were last repaired, communicating now, on high Tides, and after heavy Rains, with the Common Sewers.

Withdrew.

Mr. John French, a Prisoner in the King's Batch, examined.

I applied to Mr. Young, who is under the Deputy Marshal, for Permission to bring in Beer, and was refused, telling me that it would attack the Marshal’s Profit. — About Three Years ago a Market Jury detected a Man of the Name of Smith selling Meat short of Weight. — I made Application (with a Requisition signed by many of the Prisoners) to Mr. Hill to dis-

miss the Man, who at first forbid him, but Three or Four Days afterwards he was permitted again to exercise his Trade, and continued so till he died.

Mitchell, the present Baker, has, to my Knowledge, been detected selling Bread short of Weight.

Withdrew.

Mr. John Hill examined.

I officiate as Deputy Marshal; have been employed Thirteen Years in the Prison under my Father, but have been Deputy Marshal only Three Years. — It is Part of my Employment to chum the Prisoners; on their Application to me I chum them in Rooms the most suitable to their Rank and Situation; no Fees are due to me on that Account, nor Gratuity received by me; the Billets are delivered under my Signature, and conveyed by the Cryer to the Prisoner; the Person conveying such Billet is not entitled to any Fee, but I have heard that the Prisoners frequently give him something; the Cryer is appointed by the Marshal, and receives no Salary, and nothing but what he has given him by Persons coming to visit the Prison, or by the Prisoners themselves: There have been Instances of Complaints against the Cryer, and he has been obliged to refund the Money, but no such Complaints have been made to me since I have been in my present Situation. — Persons frequently remain in the Prison some Time without being chummed, but that has been their own fault for not applying. — There are no Rules or Usage for regulating Succession to Rooms. — It is the Duty of the Marshal and myself to see that there are no Improprieties of any Kind committed in the Prison, and to see that there are not too many chummed in one Room; but it is not in our Power to restrain as many as choose sleeping in a Room together. — The Prison Doors are shut at Ten o’Clock at Night, and after that Time none of the Officers (i. e. Marshal, Deputy Marshal, Cryer, or Turnkeys) have Access to the Prison, nor does any Officer sleep within the Prison. — Three Watchmen go round the Inside Walls of the Prison all Night. Our Orders are, that the Tap should be shut up at 11 at Night. We have had no Complaint of those Orders not having been complied with. I cannot say that they are regularly obeyed. The same Orders are not in Force with regard to The Brace; but, as they get all their Porter from the Tap, they can have no Inducement of keeping The Brace open after 11 at Night It is my Duty to see the Scavengers perform their Duty. The Watchmen make Report of any Irregularities committed in the Night, and the Circumstance* of the Case are examined into in the Morning, and the Persons offending have been sometimes reprimanded, and at other Times punished as the Case may require.

There are no Regulations respecting the Removal or Interment of the Bodies of those who chance to die in Prison.

Withdrew.

William Moss, a Prisoner, examined.

There are Three chummed in the Room in which I lodge. There were Six slept there till last Night, and had done so for about a Fortnight past. Bothmore, who is ()ne of the Persons that pays for sleeping in the Room with us, is not billetted in any Room. I was not chummed in any Room for the first six Weeks upon my being in Prison, because I had no Money to pay my Fees. I applied to Eaglefield to be chummed, and the Answer he gave me was, " You must pay your Chummage." The whole Demand was io$. I said I had no Money, so I went to Mr. Lunt, whom I knew before, and slept with him. This Day Three Weeks I paid the ioj. 2d. and directly received a Chummage Ticket. I paid it to the same Person who first demanded it, and received my Ticket from him.

Withdrew.

2° Aprilxs. 663

Mercurii, i* die Junii, 1791.

Committee met, and proceed.

James Tempter, Esquire, examined.

Mr. Barlow and I visit the King's Bench Prison Twice a Year under the Direction of an Act of Parliament of the 2d of Geo. II. It is not expected by the Court that we should make a Return, unless some particular Instances of Abuse have occurred. We visited the Prison last Michaelmas Term, and visit it again Tomorrow. When we last visited the Prison, we heard of no Complaints against the Officers of the Prison. I never found that any improper Fees were taken by the Officers. On Complaints of the Prisoners, nothing of sufficient Consequence has happened to occasion a Record to be kept by the Visitors. The Visitors do not go into the Rooms, unless at the Desire of the Prisoners. Whenever the Marshal desires it, the Visitors go to the Prison, and we also go whenever we receive any Complaints from the Prisoners, if such Complaints are worthy to be taken Notice of It is a common Practice for the Prisoners to take Possession of a Room, and then let it to other Prisoners, such Prisoners making Shift to sleep on the Stair Cases, or in any other Place they can find. I have often known Persons in Prison, whose Actions are su-persedeable, and who, on Application to the Court of King's Batch by the Marshal, have been turned out. There are many of that Description in Prison now. Some of those are poor, and cannot pay the Expence of the Supersedeas; others are able but choose to remain in Prison for their own Conveniences. The Visitors do not enquire into the exact Number of Prisoners that are lodged in a Room, conceiving the Prisoners manage that Matter among themselves. The Rooms were white-washed at the first building of the Prison, but they have not in general been whitewashed since. I have received no Complaints of the Want of white-washing, therefore I have given no Directions to the Marshal respecting that Matter. The Visitors have given Directions, from Time to Time, to the Officers under the Marshal to see that the Rooms are kept clean by the Prisoners, and that the Parade is kept clean, and in proper Order for the Health and Accommodation of the Prisoners. There is no Place in the Prison set apart for the Deposit of dead Bodies, so that the Body is of Necessity obliged to remain, after the Coroner’s Inquest, in the Room where the Prisoner died, until Interment, or till taken away by the Friends of the deceased, or buried by the Marshal. There were no Rooms built, on the

rebuilding of the Prison, for the Prisoners to take Report on Exercise or converse in, and where a Fire might be kept l«npri*©n-as the Rigour of Seasons might require; nor are there Two Rooms reserved for such Prisoners as shall be afflicted with any Disease or other Infirmity requiring such Accommodation. There are Two Rooms in the Prison that might be applied to the above Purposes if thought necessary; at present it appears to me that these Rooms are occupied by Prisoners. I do not know that there is any other Place in the Prison, besides the Tap, where Liquor is sold. I have heard of a Complaint of that Sort some Time ago, and the Man who sold the Liquor was ordered to be turned out of his Room. Such a Practice as this I think a violent Abuse, and ought to be remedied. If such a Practice is permitted by the Marshal, he subjects himself to the Censure of the Court, it being, as I conceive, an Abuse of Office. The Keeper of the Tap ought to have Two Rooms besides the Tap Room, which I conceive would be sufficient; so I think with respect to the Person who keeps the Coffee Room. I think, if they were found to have more Rooms than necessary, on proper Application to the Court the Matter would be remedied.

On my own Experience on former Occasions, I am . of Opinion that if I were, as Visitor, to report to the Court of King's Bench the Necessity of erecting an Infirmary, or a place fit for the Reception of dead Bodies, that the Court would direct an Application to the Board of Works that such Buildings should be erected, and that they would, as they heretofore have done, direct such Buildings to be erected.

It is my Opinion that every Prisoner, immediately on going into Prison, has a Right to the Possession of a Room, or a Part of one, if any shall be found capable of receiving him, although at that Time he should be unable to pay any Fees. I conceive all Fees, Perquisites, and Gratuities, demanded by Turnkeys and others, in the Service of the Marshal (not mentioned in the Table of Fees) to be an Abuse, and ought to be remedied. The Marshal regulates the Donations, which are appropriated according to Rules established among the Prisoners on the Common Side, and which Rules have always been found to be salutary, and to answer the desired Effect.

Withdrew.

Veneris, 3* Junii, 1791.

Committee met, and proceed.

James Tempter, Esquire, delivers in his written

Testimony on the State of the King's Bench Prison.

Appendix, 'N° 2.

ANSWERS given by William Jones, Marshal of the Marshalsea of the King's Bench, to the several Questions put to him by a Committee of the House of Commons, on Tuesday the 17th May 1791.

There are about 570 Prisoners, about 30 of whom are Females; about 500 are within the Walls, and about 70 within the Rules. — -There have been 48 committed since the First Day of this present Easter Term.

A Man goes round the Prison every Night with a Bell, giving Notice to the Wives, Children, and Visitants of the Prisoners, to withdraw themselves from the Prison.

There are many in the Prison in indigent Circumstances, who have no means of paying their Debts; and there are others who, I believe, have.

Former Marshals have been obliged to turn out Debtors who were entitled to their Discharge, but would not sue for it.

There are some Prisoners in the Prison who live at a very great Expence.

I do not think any of the Prisoners in the Prison associate their Stock for the Purpose of Living.

Some of the Prisoners within the Rules live in separate Houses, and, from the Manner of their living, seem to be in a Situation capable of paying their Debts.

Questions, Answers.

Whether the most Insolvent Prisoners have! Most of them have, but there are some who have none, Beds i ----- - -j and are very much distressed.

Vol. 47, Do

A. 1T92.

Report on Imprisonment for Debt,

2° Aprilis.

Do you think the Allowance from the Creditor' by the Lords Jet, 32 Geo. IL is sufficient to maintain the Prisoners ? -

What do you suppose would be a sufficient Allowance ?- ——

How many Rooms there are in the Prison, and: their Rents

How many have Rooms for which they pay "I Rent

What is the Expence of a Prisoner’s procuring’ his Discharge under the Insolvent Act ? - -

How many are there in the Prison that are in Receipt of their Groats? - -

In any State of the Fulness of the Prison, can a Prisoner have a separate' Room by paying for > it?....

I think not.

I think that 8 d.per Day.

There are about 176 Rooms, for which the Marshal is entitled to receive li. per Week Rent each; there are 24 Rooms, commonly called the Common Side of the Prison, which are generally occupied by the poorer Class, called Common Side Prisoners, from whom the Marshal receives no Rent; and great Part of the Rent to which the Marshal is entitled, is never received.

There are about 200 Rooms for the Occupation of Prisoners, on which Prisoners, as they are committed to the Prison, are billetted. When there are more Prisoners than One to each Room, then in Rotation Two Prisoners are billetted on each Room; and when there are more than Two to each Room, then in Rotation Three Prisoners are billetted on each Room; if the Number of Prisoners in the Prison will admit of there being but One Prisoner in a Room, then he pays 1 s. per Week Rent; but if not, so many as there are in the Room pay equal Shares, making in the Whole 1 s. per Week. There being at present 500 Prisoners within the Prison, and only 200 Rooms, there are Two Prisoners billetted on every Room, and on many Rooms Three. The Marshal has a Power of removing Prisoners to the Common Side of the Prison for Non-payment of Rent; but which is scarce ever done, unless such Non-payment arises from Inclination, and not Poverty of the Prisoner. There are Eight Rooms in the Prison, called State Rooms, in which never more than One Prisoner is put, who pays Half a Crown per Week Rent

Dependant on the Person employed to sue for it; suppose it to be but a few Shillings.

Upwards of Sixty.

Not by Consent of the Marshal, unless the State of the Prison does not require Two to be billetted on a Room; but sometimes a poorer Prisoner, for a pecuniary Compensation, suppose Six Pence a Day, made to him by the other Prisoner who is billetted with him, will remain from the Room where he is billetted; in such Case the Prisoner making such Compensation enjoys the Room to himself, and the Compensation so made to the other materially helps to support him; but there is a Rule made by the Court forbidding this Practice.

Whether it does not frequently happen, that I Persons are removed by Habeas Corpus from the I Bench to the Fleet ? - - - J

How much do the Donations amount to, and-j how are they disposed of among the Prisoners ? - r

Whether there is not a Sum of Money paid,i called High Bar Money, and how is it disposed of I among the Prisoners ? - -

Rule respecting the Rules, and to state the: Regulations to the Committee ? -

What Number of the Prisoners have Families ?‘ How many do any Thing towards supporting' themselves by working at their Trades ?

How many surrendered upon the Act passed in' the Year 1780? ——

What Number of Deaths have happened in each' Year since the Year 1780? -

Mr. Joseph Harkness -

Mr. Perkins Mr. Jordon

Frequently.

Must be answered by Mr. Bryant.

No.

Vide the printed Rule of Court.

About 340.

About 100.

To be answered by Mr. Bryant.

To be answered by Mr. Bryant.

Has been a Prisoner since the 4th Day of April 1787; till lately charged with Debts to the Amount of 400 /.; is at present charged with about 160/.; has been the major Part of his Imprisonment within the Rules; has built many Houses within the Rules, and is supposed to be able to pay the Debts with which he is now charged.

Keeps the Tap within the Prison.

Keeps the Coffee House within the Prison, has One Room allotted to him, which he has decently furnished, with which the genteeler Prisoners are accommodated on their first coming to the Prison, without their Bedding, See. they paying him for such Accommodation, as may be agreed betwee»them.

Printed

2° ApriUs.

665

Report on Imprisonment for

Printed Rule of Court. DebI-

EASTER TERM,

30 George III.

King’s Bench IT IS ORDERED by the Court, That, from and after the First Day of Trinity Term next,

Prison. the Rule made on Friday next after the Octave of the Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and all other Rules for establishing the Rules of the King's Bench Prison, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed. AND IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, That from and after the said First Day of Trinity Term next, the Rules of the King’s Bench Prison shall be comprised within the Bounds following, exclusive of the Public Houses herein after mentioned: That is to say, from Great Cumber Court, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Surrey, along the North Side of Dirty Lane, and Melancholy Walk, to Black Friars Road, and along the Western Side of the said Road to the Obelisk, and from thence along the South- West Side of the London Road, round the Direction Post in the Centre of the Roads, near the Public House known by the Sign of the Elephant and Castle, and from thence along the Eastern Side of Newington Causeway, to Great Cumber Court aforesaid. AND IT IS ALSO ORDERED, That the New and the High-

way, exclusive of the Houses on each Side of it, leading from the King’s Bench Prison to the said New Gaol, shall be within and Part of the said Rules. AND IT IS LASTLY ORDERED,

That all Taverns, Victualling Houses, Alehouses, all Wine Vaults, and Houses or Places licensed to sell Gin, or other Spirituous Liquors, shall be excluded out of, and deemed no Part of the said Rules.

BY THE COURT.

EASTER TERM.

30 George III.

King's Bench IT IS ORDERED, That, from and after the First Day of Trinity Term next, no Prisoner Prison. in the King’s Bench Prison, or within the Rules thereof, shall have, or be entitled to have, Day Rules, above Three Days in each Term. AND IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, That every such Prisoner having a Day Rule, shall return within the Walls or Rules of the said Prison, at or before Nine o’Clock in the Evening of the Day for which such Rule shall be granted.

BY THE COURT.

Appendix, N* 3.

Mr. Akerman’s Answers to Questions put to him

by the Committee.

Newgat

Q. 1. How many Rooms are in the Prison, and their Rents?

A. Eighteen Rooms. — The Rents are returned in the Table of Fees.

Q. 2. How many have Rooms for which they pay Rent ?

A. None.

Q. 3. How many have Rooms for which they pay no Rent?

A. No Rent is paid or Remanded.

Q. 4. How are those accommodated who are not able to pay Rents ?

A. In the Wards, and have the Gaol Allowance.

Q. ,5. What is the Expence of a Prisoner procuring his Discharge under the Insolvent Act?

A. Three Advertisements in the Papers, and One Shilling for carrying up.

Q. 6. How many are there in the Prison in Receipt of their Groats?

A. Twenty-six.

Vol. 47.

Q. 7. In any State of the F’ulness of the Prison, can a Prisoner have a Room by paying for it ?

A. No Rooms are paid for.

Q. 8. Whether it does not frequently happen that Persons are removed by Habeas Corpus, from the Bench to the Fleet, and from the to the Bench

A. This is answered by the Marshal and the B arden.

Q. 9. How much do the Donations amount to, and how are they disposed of among the Prisoners ?

A. 51/. 105. per Annum', and are received by the Prisoners on the Common Side.

Q. 10. Whether there is not a Sum of Money paid, called High Bar Money, and how is it disposed of among the Prisoners ?

A. There is no such Sum of Money paid.

Q.11. Rule respecting the Rules, and to state the Regulations to the Committee ?

A. The Rules were burnt in 1780; but all Disputes or Differences are settled by the Sheriff's and the Keeper.

Q. 12. To give an Account of those who have Families, &c. ?

A. One hundred and Thirty-six.

Q. 13. To state, as near as possible, how many there are who do any Thing to support themselves by working at their Trades?

A. Nine work at their Trades.

8 G Q. 14.

Report on Imprison* ment for Debt.

Q. 14. How many surrendered upon the Act passed in the Year 1780 ?

A. Newgate was not re-built till the Year 1783, consequently no Surrender there.

Q. 15. How many Deaths have happened in each Year since the Year 1780?

Died.

1783 to 1784 - - 2

to 1785 - - 3

to 1786 - - 8

to 1787 - - 9

to 1788 - - 6

to 1789 - - 10

to 1790 - 3

to 1791 - - 4

45

Average of Debtors committed and discharged per Am. ----- -- 45 °-

D* Court of Conscience Debtors per Ann. - 80.

Names of Prisoners in Receipt of their Groats.

C. Driscall, Dickinson,

T. Brattle, Mabbitt,

T. Brice, Aberdeen,

J. Sinfield, R. Saunders,

J. Wheatley, Carr,

T. Whatley, Williams,

S. Richards, Clews,

J. Pounceby, Jones,

T. Dunn, A. Sala,

J. Bea le, Barnett,

W. Dawson, W. Stockbridge,

Parkes, Herring,

Mardin, Walstead,

Appendix, N* 4.

Answers of Mr. Newman, Keeper of Ludgate Prison,

to Questions put to him by the Committee.

Q. How many Rooms are there in the Prison, and their Rents ?

A. On the Ground Floor, a Kitchen, Tap-Room, Hall, Dark Lumber Room.

On the First Story — a dark Room, N* 4, N* 5, N" 6, and N* 7, and dark Room.

Second Story — N* 2, N° 3, N* 7, N# 9, and Room adjoining Stair Case.

Third Story — N° 10, Room called Cock Pit, and Room called Forest, and Three small Bed Rooms for the Use of the Sick.

Q. How many have Rooms for which they pay Rent ?

Q. How many have Rooms for which they pay no Rent?

A. Three Pence per Week is demanded of each

Prisoner, which is mostly paid when they come on their Discharge (none being taken during their Confinement) except those discharged as Paupers.

Q. How are those accommodated who are not able to pay Rents ?

A. There are none in Ludgate under the above Description.

Q. What is the Expence of a Prisoner’s procuring his Discharge under the Insolvent Act ?

A. Three Advertisements in the Newspapers, and One Shilling for being taken before the Magistrate.

Q. How many are there in the Prison in the Receipt of their Groats ?

A. Six.

Q. In any State of the Fulness of the Prison, can any Prisoner have a separate Room by paying for it ?

A. Not unless taken into the Keeper’s House, which is very rarely done; and there has never been any Gratuity taken for the same.

Q. Whether it does not frequently happen, that Persons are removed from the Bench to the Fleet, and from the Fleet to the Bench ?

A. This answered by the Marshal and the Warden.

Q. How much do the Donations amount to, and how are they disposed of among the Prisoners ?

A. About 52 /. per Annum, besides about 351, or more, for the Discharge of such Prisoners for Small Debts, as can agree with their Plaintiffs. This is more fully answered by the Steward of the Prison, in his List of Donations.

Q. Rule respecting the Rules, and to state the Regulations to the Committee?

A. The above is answered by Prison Book of Rules and Orders brought for the Inspection of the Committee.

Q. To give an Account of those who have Families,

&c. ?

A. The above is answered in the next Folio.

Q.To state, as near as possible, how many there are who do any thing towards supporting themselves by working at their Trades?

A. The above is answered in the next Folio.

How many surrendered upon the Act passed in the Year 1780?

A. No Escape; the Prisoners having secreted themselves in the Garret in the Keeper’s House, that they might not be turned out by the Rioters.

Q. What Number of Deaths have happened in each Year since the Year 1780?

A. In 1787 - John Maddox,

In 1788 - - - - Daroid Sinclair,

In 1789 - John Coney,

In the present Year - - William Moore.

Edward

667

2° Apri

Receives Groats Receives Groats

Receives Groats

Receives Groats Receives Groats Receives Groats

Edward Pistor - -John Lyon - -

John Simpson -George Brown - -

John Sutherland - -William Aubrey — -

Anthony Farmer - -Samuel Massey - -Henry Chapman - -William Cheek -Walter Humph

John Covington - -William Bunyard - -William Gardner - -Christum Haase - -William Jones - -George Cook Penleaze William Wybourn - -

Lucy Andrews - -

William Arnold - -

Ralph Moull -

Samuel Yates -William Miller - -George Upton -

Richard Batty - -James Sansom -

George Butler -

- 1 Child

- - Poor

Wife and Children . Poor - -

Wife and 7 Children Poor - -

Wife and Children - Poor - -

Wife and 2 Children - Poor - -

Wife - - Poor - -

m 2 Children m - Poor

Wife and Children Poor

Wife and 2 Children - _ Poor

Wife and Child - - - Poor

Wife - - Poor

Wife and Child - - - Poor - -

Wife and 5 Children - - Poor - -

- - Poor

Wife and Wife Child - - Poor

Wife and 2 Children - - Poor

Widow, with 2 Children - - Poor

Wife and 3 Children . - Poor - -

Wife - - Poor - -

Wife and Children - -

Wife and 2 Children - -

Wife- - Poor

Wife and Wife. Wife. 5 Children Poor

Works

Industrious

Industrious

Industrious

Sick

Report on Imprisonment for Debt.

Industrious

Industrious

Industrious

Works

Michas.

Prisoners

committed.

Prisoners

1786 to 1787 _ m m 50 ! - 44 |

to 1788 - 35 - 55

to 1789 - 58 - - - 49

to 1790 79 61

to May 1791 36 - - - 40

Appendix, N° 5.

The following Questions, answered by Mr. Kirby, the Keeper of the New , London.

1. How many Rooms in the Prison, and their Rents?

There are in the Prison 16 Master-Side Rooms for Debtors; for each Room the Keeper is entitled to receive, if he find Bed, Bedding, and Sheets, 2 6d.

a Week; if the Prisoner provide his own, he then pays 1 s. 3 d.There are also Four large Rooms,

called the Common or Charity Side, for Men Debtors, up One and Two Pair of Stairs; on the first Pair they dress their Victuals, &c. and the Upper Rooms are fitted up with Barracks sufficient for Sixty Persons, where they sleep; the Ground Floor is open, and in wet Weather they walk there, &c.; the Dimensions of these Rooms are 33 Feet in Length, and 15 Feet in Breadth. This building is in a spacious oblong Yard, and separated from the other Parts of the Prison by a strong Gate; these Prisoners pay no Rent, nor any Entrance whatever. That there are inclosed in an airy separate Yard, 40 Feet by 17, a spacious Building for Women Debtors, containing Six Rooms; Two of the upper Rooms are very conveniently fitted up with substantial Wooden Bedsteads, sufficient to lodge Thirty Persons; in the other Rooms they cook, wash, &c. they pay no Entrance Money, nor any Rent whatever. There are also Two Rooms, One for each Sex of Debtors when sick.

2. How many have Rooms for which they pay Rents? .

There are at this Time Eighteen who pay, or ought to pay, for their Rooms.

3. How many have Rooms, for which they pay no Rents?

Vol. 47.

There are Twenty-six Men and Six Women in the Common or Charity Wards, who pay no Rent.

4. How those are accommodated who are not able to pay Rents ?

The Persons who are in the Charity Wards have each of them a Rug delivered to him or her, when he or she first is brought to Prison, or chooseth to go from the Master’s-Side Rooms to the said Wards; they have each a Penny Loaf of Bread per Day; Forty-eight Pounds of Beef per Week allowed by the Sheriffs, and great Quantities of Provisions from the London and other Taverns, from different Halls, and private Persons, divided amongst them.

5. What is the Expence of a Prisoner procuring his Discharge under the Insolvent Act ?

The Expence of a Prisoner being discharged by the Insolvent Acts, which have passed within the Knowledge of the present Keeper, have been as follows; for Three Advertisements in the Gazette, 6 d.; for Two Schedules, a Warrant, and Oath, 6 to the Mayor's Clerk for the Warrant, 1 s.; to the Clerk of the Peace for a Duplicate of the Discharge, 2 6d.;

and the Keeper’s Fee, 1 s. for taking up into Court to be discharged.

6. How many are there in the Prison, in Receipt of their Groats ?

There are Eight; vis.Mary Bluckburn, Timothy Oram, Daniel Coffey, George Pattison, John Davis, Thomas Matthews, Peter Bellamy, William Hughes. — N. B. George Patiison being a Lieutenant of the Navy on Half Pay, the Judge of the Sheriff’s Court made an Order for him to have One Shilling a Week only, and he has refused taking it.

7. In any State of the Fullness of the Prison, can a Prisoner have a separate Room by paying for it ?

It may happen, that all the Rooms may be full, and that a Person cannot have a Room to himself.

8. Whether

Report ou Imprison* merit for Debt.

668 2 Aprilis. A. 1792

8. Whether it does not frequently happen, that Q. Take them on an Average, how long have they Persons are removed by Habeas Corpus from the Bench been confined ? y

to the Fleet, and from the Fleet to the Bench f One Eight Years, One Six, One Three, and all

This Question doth not relate to the Compters. others upon an Average Twelve Months.

g. How much do the Donations amount to, and how are they disposed of among the Prisoners ?

The Donations amount to 54/. 2 5 d. per Annum;

some of them paid Quarterly, some Half-yearly and Yearly; but for many Years the Keeper has advanced the Prisoners a Weekly Sum according to their Expences; and, as they keep their own Accounts, they repay him when the Money comes into their Hands; it is chiefly laid out in Coals, Candles, Provisions for the Sick, paying for fetching in the Victuals from different Taverns, Public Halls, &c. which is generally very valuable, and keep them from Want; and before the present Method they used to divide the Money amongst them every Quarter, which they soon spent in Drunkenness, &c. and were afterwards greatly distressed, and perishing through Cold and Hunger.

10. Whether there is not a Sum of Money paid, called High Bar Money, and how is it disposed of among the Prisoners ?

Know not what High Bar Money means; have no such Fund come to this Prison.

11. Rule respecting the Rules, and to state the Regulations to the Committee?

Have no Rules to Prisoners here, but Rules to govern them by.

12. To give an Account of those who have Families, See?

27 Men have Wives, and 68 Children.

2 Men, Widowers - - 4 Children.

1 Woman, Widow - - 1 Child.

Q. What Variations in the Number confined in your Prison has there been within the Time you have been in Custody, and how long has been?

A. During the Time of my Confinement, which has been Seven # Years, though fluctuating, the Variation has been but little.

Q. How many appear to live in extreme Poverty ?

A The whole of them.

Q. How many do you see, from their general Manner of living, appear to have any Property of their own besides their bare Necessaries ?

A. The Whole of them are in very necessitated Circumstances.

Q. How many, from their general Reputation in the said Prison, are supposed to be able to pay the Whole of their Debts, or any considerable Proportion?

A. From their general Appearances they can pay but little, and many nothing at all.

Q. How would you divide the Number as to their Rank and Life ?

A. Three Merchants, Six Traders, Twenty-one Mechanics, One Attorney, Three Seamen, and One Labourer.

Q. Have you collected an Account of the Number of Wives and Children belonging to the Debtors in your Prison; and w hat is their Number ?

A. Twenty-three Wives, and Fifty Children,

C Hodgson, Steward.

March 28 th 1791.

73

13. To state, as near as possible, how many there are who do any Thing towards supporting themselves, by working at their Trades ?

On the Master Side Persons employed in Trades are — One Attorney, a Carver, a Taylor, a Pattern Drawer, and a Cabinet Maker. On the Mens Common Side, none work at Trades: The Women wash and work.

14. How many surrendered upon the Act passed in the Year 1780?

There were only Three who escaped in the Year 1780: One of them the Keeper re-took before the Act, and the other Two surrendered.

15. What Number of Deaths have happened in each Year since the Year 1780?

1781 — None 1786 — One

1782 — None 1787 — One

1783 — One 17 88 — Five

1784 — None 1789 — One

1785 — Two 1790 — None

1791 — None.

New Compter, London,

23d May 1791. John Kirby, Keeper.

Appendix, N* 6.

A Copy of Questions and Answers returned from the Prisoners in Custody of the Sheriff of London, in the Poultry Compter.

Q. How many Debtors are there confined in the abovesaid Prison?

A. Thirty-five Debtors. '

Appendix, N' 7.

Martis, 140 die Februarii, 1792.

Committee to inquire into the Practice and Effects of Imprisonment for Debt.

Mr. Joseph Birchell, examined.

Do you hold an Official Situation in the Office of the Sheriff of Middlesex.

I do; and am an Attorney. I act as Under Sheriff of Middlesex. I have been in that Office Twelve Years.

How many bailable Writs, that is, Writs on which the Defendant must be arrested if he does not find Bail, are, upon an Average, issued into Middlesex Annually.

About 9,500 on Mesne Process.

How many Arrests, on an Average, are actually made Annually in that County on Mesne Process?

Between 5 and 6,000; possibly there may be more.

How do you ascertain these Facts ?

By the Entries made in the Sheriff’s Office.

What do you take to be the Average Number of Writs for Debts under 50 /. ?

Seven thousand Annually.

How many under 20. /?

About One Half.

How many Defendants, on an Average, are actually sent to Prison Annually ?

About 900, speaking as to the County of Middlesex only. In all these Sams I speak of Middlesex only, exclusive of London.

Of

32 Geo. III.

Of those who go to Prison, what Proportion do you find whose Debts are under 20 /. ?

More than One Half.

What are the usual Expences attending an Arrest, and of completing the Appearance of the Defendant by Special Bail ?

At the least about 8 /.

Do the Expences of such Proceedings vary?

They do; and depend on the Amount of the Debt, in proportion to which a Fee is usually paid to the Bailiff making the Arrest.

Does it frequently happen that the Defendant is detained in Custody on more than One Action ?

They are frequently detained on several Actions.

Are the Expences increased on that Account?

The Expences accumulate in proportion to the Number of Actions; but should he be detained on Three Actions for 10/. each, the Expences of the Arrest, and of completing his Appearance by Special Bail, will amount to 24/. or 25/. I compute this as the least possible Expence upon Three Actions of 10/. each.

What appears to you to be the Average Number of Debts which are Annually settled immediately on the Arrest ?

I do not think that One in Five pay their Debts, or settle with their Creditors on the Arrest.

Does the Sheriff usually take Bail, or what Security, for the Appearance of the Defendant?

The Debtor is usually discharged on giving a Bail Bond executed by himself and Two Friends, or an At* torney’s undertaking for his Appearance.

Is the Sheriff ever requested by the Defendant to take a Deposit of Money as a Security for his Appearance ?

‘ The Sheriff has sometimes been offered Money, but this is refused as contrary to Law; but I have Reason to believe that the Bailiffs do sometimes take Money.

Are any Fees paid on Discharge of Defendants and Debtors from Gaol?

The Sheriff usually take a Fee of 4$. 8 on the Discharge of a Debtor either in Execution or Mesne Process, and I think a Fee of 8 s. 10 is taken by the Keeper of the Prison.

Are Defendants or Debtors ever detained in Custody for Non-payment of such Fees?

By the Sheriffs never.

Are Bails frequently found to be insufficient on Examination, and therefore rejected?

They are.

What is the Consequence of Bail being so rejected ?

The Debt and Costs are generally paid by the Sheriff, in Consequence of Process of Contempt against him for the Debtor’s Non-appearance.

Are those Proceedings attended with a considerable additional Expence?

About Three or Four Pounds; which falls ultimately on the Debtor — and in the Event of his Insolvency upon the Creditor.

In case new Bail is offered and rejected, what is the Consequence?

Attended with additional Expence, payable in like Manner, by the Sheriff in the First Instance, and then by the Debtor, if he is able, or his Bail.

Does it frequently happen, that after all these Proceedings the Defendant surrenders himself into Custody, or is surrendered by the Bail, whereby they are discharged ?

VOL. 47.

660

When the Bail are apprehensive of Danger, they RePort oa generally surrender the Debtor to Prison in their Discharge; and it will sometimes happen, that after the Debt. Return of the Process on which the Debtor has been arrested, perhaps at the Distance of Six Weeks or Two Months, if the Sheriff's Officer who made the Arrest has Reason to apprehend that the Debtor cannot procure Bail who will justify according to the Rules of the Court, Bail is put in at the Expence of the Sheriff's Officer, merely for the Purpose of surrendering the Debtor to Prison in ofder to discharge the Sheriff from his Responsibility?

Is the Number of bailable Writs, or Writs for the Purpose of Arrest for Debts under 20/. gradually increasing?

They are increasing rapidly;

Did you ever know an Instance, when a Divisiort actually took Place of the Effects of an Insolvent Debtor, on his being discharged under the Authority of the Act commonly called the Lords Act?

I never heard of the Division of an Insolvent Debtor’s Effects under the Lords Act, nor of any Debtor having been brought up under the compulsory Clause which entitles the Creditor to compel a Surrender of the Debtors Property.

Can you give the Committee any Account of Persons arrested in Execution where the original Debt without Costs was below to/.?

Several, and with the Costs under 10/.

Have you known Instances of Persons insane being arrested?

Yes — and I think that in One or Two Instances the Court have refused to discharge the Party.

When you state the Number who actually go to Gaol, is it exclusive of those who go to Lock-up or Spunging Houses?

Most certainly, because they must amount to some Thousands who go to Lock-up Houses.

Is not this attended with great Expence?

I have never made any Enquiry in my Official Situation, having never had any Complaint made to me; but I have an Opportunity of knowing, in Point of Fact,

' that it is attended with very considerable Expence.

May every Prisoner in a Lock-up House call for what expensive Provisions and Liquors he pleases ?

I know of no Objection.

Are the Articles used by Prisoners in Spunging or Lock-up Houses charged to them by the Persons keeping such Houses at an exorbitant Rate ?

I have understood so, but I cannot state it as a Fact within my own Knowledge.

Appendix, N* 8.

Mcrcur 'd, 15* die Febrwrii, 1792.

Committee on Effects of Imprisonment for Debt.

Mr. Birchcll again examined.

Does it frequently happen, after a Defendant has lain many Months in Prison, the Plaintiff’ is nonsuited, of discontinues the Action ?

The Plaintiff is sometimes nonsuited; but Debtors are daily discharged by reason of their Discontinuance of the Action, or because the Plaintiff does not judge it prudent to be at any further Expence.

Does it frequently happen, that the Defendant is discharged for Want of proceeding against him ?

Very often, and after being several Months in Prison.

8 H I»

2° A pri

Report on Imprisonment for L'ebt.

670 2° Aprilis A. 1792.

Is the Sheriff, after having taken Bail, bound for the Appearance of the Debtor ?

The Sheriffs, having arrested the Debtor, are bound, at all Events, for his Appearance; and therefore they are compelled to be very scrupulous in taking Bail, which puts the Debtor under considerable Difficulties, and especially as Two are necessary. When sufficient Bail cannot be procured, the Plaintiff may proceed either against the Bail or the Sheriff. The Difficulty of procuring Bail is very much increased, by reason that none but Housekeepers are qualified to justify in; Court.

Withdrew-.

TawnleyWard, Esquire, examined.

Is in the Profession of the Law.

Has it occurred to you, in the Course of your Practice, to observe on the Effects of Arrests and Imprisonment for Debt?

It has frequently. — I have known Instances where Persons arrested for considerable Sums, and the Causes have afterwards proceeded to Trial, that Verdicts have passed in Favour of Persons so arrested. — With respect to Imprisonment where Debtors are imprisoned, and the Plaintiffs do not proceed against them accord-in g to the Practice of the Courts of Law, such Debt-

o a m ' #

ors must procure their own Discharge at their own Expence, unless the Plaintiffs think proper to give such Discharge.

Must a Debtor, on an Arrest, be committed to Prison if he cannot find Bail?

The Sheriff has a Right, if he thinks proper, to detain the Body of the Debtor till the Return of the Writ; but in all such Cases that Indulgence cannot be obtained without a considerable Expence to the Debtor. — I apprehend it is owing to the Indulgence of the Sheriff or his Officer, that such Debtor is not sent to Prison after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of the Arrest.

How long may a Debtor remain in Confinement from the Time of his being first arrested to the Time of Trial?

If a Debtor should be arrested any Day in Trinity Vacation, the Plaintiff in that Action is not bound to file a Declaration against the Defendant till the last Day of the succeeding Hilary Term, which contains a Period of more than Seven Months, — The Plaintiff has Two Terms to proceed to Trial or Judgment, so that the Debtor may be kept in Confinement Twelve Months before the Cause is tried.

If upon the Trial the Debt should not be proved, and the Defendant of Course entitled to his Discharge, does he obtain Costs from the Plaintiff?

In such a Case the Defendant is entitled to taxed Costs, but which bear no Proportion to the Expence he must necessarily have been put unto, in Consequence of that Arrest, nor can he maintain any Action for false Imprisonment against the Plaintiff, unless the Jury on the Trial of that Cause shall be of Opinion that he wras maliciously held to Bail.

Has it often happened within your Knowledge, that a Defendant has succeeded in an Action for malicious Imprisonment?

Very few Instances have occurred in which the Debtors have succeeded in such Actions, as it is necessary, in order to maintain such Action, to show that the Arrest was malicious.

Has it often happened within your Knowledge, that the Debtor has been discharged upon Trial?

A Debtor is not entitled to have his Discharge im-mediatley upon the Trial,* and it may so happen that

a Cause is tried at the Sittings after Trinity Term, wherein a Verdict shall be found for the Debtor, yet* that Debtor cannot obtain his Discharge from such Imprisonment before the succeeding Michaelmas Term, which may make a Period of Four Months.

Upon his Discharge is he entitled to any Consideration for his Loss of Time and Labour during his Confinement ?

No.

Do you know that Persons are frequently arrested on Oath of the Plaintiff where the Defendant goes to Prison for Want of Bail, and the Plaintiff shall delay his Proceeding for Two Terms, and on the Trial Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff?

No such Instances can occur, because the Defendant is entitled to his Discharge in Consequence of the Plaintiff' not having proceeded to deliver his Declaration before the End of the next Term after the Return of the Process.

Have you had an Opportunity of observing that Debtors have remained in Prison, who have been able to discharge their Debts?

I know of One particular Instance, which is the Case of Benjamin Pope, who is now in the Fleet Prison at my Suit, as surviving Administrator of Sir Alexander Leilk, Boronet, upon Execution of Capias ad -j'acicndumfor io, oooo/. and upwards.

Have you Reason to believe that M\ Pope is in Possession of Property equal to the Discharge of that Debt ?

I have Reason to believe, at the Time Mr. Pope n as-committed to Prison he had Property to a much greater Amount than was sufficient to discharge such Debt; and I believe he is still possessed of Property more than sufficient for that Purpose.

State the Circumstances on which you ground that Belief?

On the Trial of the Action against Pope by Sir A. Leith, and for the Damage and Costs given on that Action he is now in Custody, it was proved that Pope was possessed of Property to the Amount of more than 40,000l. and it was the then general Opinion of the World, that he was possessed of 100,000l. Pope being in Execution, it was not in my Power to seize any Part of his Effects, Real or Personal, the Law having considered that I had made my Election by taking his Body. Information has been repeatedly given me, since he has been in Execution, of his having Property to a very great Amount.

How long has he been in Prison?

I believe about Nine Years — but the Return will show.

Do you know any Thing of his Manner of living in Prison?

I have been frequently informed that he lives in a very frugal, oeconomical Manner, and that his Expences do not amount to 50/. per Annum — that being entitled, in consequence of his Length of Confinement, to a Room in the Prison, which lets for a considerable Rent, a Guinea per Week, he has disposed of that — and that lie resides in a Room lor which he pays only One Shilling per Week.

What has been the Expence to you of the Arrest and other Prosecutions against Mr. Pope, since the Verdict ?

I have paid to the Sheriff of Middlesex Poundage on 10,000l. and upwards, at the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound for the first 100l. and Six Pence on every 100l. exceeding 100l. for which the Sheriff' commenced an Action against me, and I was compelled to pay it, under a Judgment of the Court of

03 jjench;

671

Bench; no Part of which can I recover from Mr. Pope, nor the Interest on the Money, since the Judgment, and which Interest is a Saving to the Defendant Pope of 500l. and upwards Annually.

Do you know any other Instances of the same Sort?

I cannot at present state the Names of otiier Debtors, but I have known, in the Course of my Practice, a great Number of Debtors, who have remained in Prison, and were possessed of Property sufficient to discharge their Debts.

Withdrew.

Is it not a fundamental Rule of the Society to pay Report on no more than lol. for any One Debtor.

Yes.

nteiH ior

Can you give a separate Account of those discharged, and those relieved?

Under the Head of discharged, about 400 Annu* ally, for which the Society pays Compositions — those who have been superseded may come also under that Description, to the Amount of about 130 — relieved by obtaining the Groats, about 150 — discharged by the Payment of Pees for which they were detained in Prison, about 50 Annually.

Mr. Richard Grassxccll, Secretary to the Society for the Discharge and Relief of Imprisoned Debtors, commonly called The Thatched House Society, examined.

I low long have you been so ?

Near Six Years.

Is it the established Rule and Practice of the Society to make very'strict Enquiry into the Character and Conduct of imprisoned Debtors who apply for Relief?

It is the constant Practice of the Society to relieve none but such whose Characters have been strictly enquired into.

[A Paper delivered by the Witness, containing an Account of the Society.]

To obtain Benefit from this Charity, each Petitioner is obliged to name Two reputable Housekeepers as Vouchers for his Integrity, Sobriety, and Industry, to whom the Society constantly refer for their Enquiries, and by this Means preclude even a Possibility of Imposition.

Is it a Rule of this Society to prefer the most aged and infirm of those who apply for Relief?

It is the Rule of the Society to prefer those who are in the most indigent Circumstances.

When was this Society instituted ?

In February 1772.

Does it extend its Enquiries and Relief to Debtors in County Gaols?

The first Institution appeared to be confined only to the Metropolis, but it gradually extended its beneficial Effects to several County and City Gaols, and stands at this Time unlimited in its Operation within the Kingdom.

Can you state the Number of Debtors relieved, from the first Institution of the Society to the present Time, and the Sums paid for their Relief, with the Number of their Wives and Children ?

[Delivers in a written Account, from which it appears, that the Sum Total of Debtors discharged and relieved by the Charity of the Society, is 12,590, who had 7, S42 Wives, 23,268 Children, amounting in all to 43,700 Persons — the Average of the Money expended for the Debtors, about 45 s. each, to procure their Discharge; and for those who have been relieved, about 135. each — The whole of the Expence of the Society from its first Institution, by which the Numbers above stated have been discharged or relieved, amounts to 29,384/. 10s. 2 id.]

Do you find, from the Enquiries of the Society, that in general the greater Part of the Debts so settled consists in Law Charges and Costs ?

The greater Part of small Debts appear to be frequently Double the original Debt, often Treble, and semetimes Six Times the Amount, and more.

Vol. 47.

Of the 12,590 Debtors, stated in the written Paper delivered in to the Committee to have been discharged and relieved, can you state what Number have been actually discharged ?

Not separately — but upon the Calculation I have given of those discharged Annually, the Number will be about 11,600l.

Of what Description of Persons is the greater Part of the Debtors relieved?

About Two-thirds Manufacturers and Labourers — the Remainder Seamen, Dealers and Chapmen, and various Professions.

Do you find, by the Enquiries and Proceedings of the Society, that many Debtors are long confined by their Creditors without any apparent Ability to pay, and yet without being accused by their Creditors of fraud ?

Yes; it appears on the Books that the following Case occurred: — A young Man, about 25 Years of Age, had a Wife and Five Children, who had an Employment in one of the Public Offices, was arrested for several different Sums, to the Amount of 100l. or upwards; — as he had nothing to pay, he remained 15 Months in Prison, totally deprived of Employment — then all his Actions were superseded by the Society for 6/. — Another Instance in my ov.n Recollection, was the Case of Robert who was

detained in Maidstone Gaol near Three Years, after being entitled to the Groats from January 1788 to December 1790 — the Amount of the Debt was 200l. for which the Society paid a Composition of Eight Guineas, and obtained his Discharge.

Do you know that Debtors are long confined on their Groats under the Lords , alter surrendering their Effects as prescribed?

I know an Instance in which the Groats were paid for Five Years and upwards, to an aged Man, who bad a Wife and Eleven Children, for a Debt of only 21 /.

In stating these particular Instances, do you mean to say that they are the only Instances of the Sort which have come within your Knowledge?

Not by many.

Have you known several Instances of Persons confined for a long Time for Small Debts, without any Charge of Fraud?

I have.

What is the Expence of obtaining the Discharge of a Debtor under the Lords Act ?

To a Debtor, if he applies to his own Attorney, I have generally understood it to cost him between Two mid Tltree Guineas — if in a County Gaol, as it often Imppens, his Plaintiff lives at a considerable Distance, on whom Notices must be served — but the Society contract for that Business with their Solicitor, at a much less Expence.

Does any Division of the Debtor’s Effects actually take Place, as the Act prescribes ?

I never heard of any.

Have

it

Report on Imprisonment for Debt,

Have you found that irr many Prisons the Debtors are obliged to live and associate with Felons; and that in the Country in particular they are often confined at a great Distance from their Families, and their usual Places of Abode ?

I don’t find that in Prisons within the Metropolis that to be the Case; but in the County Gaols I am well informed it is so — This relates only to the Circunr-stance of their being mixed with Felons in their Confinement — When I say I am well informed1 it is so m

'ml'is. A. 1792.

County Gaols, I mean that it is so in many County Gaols — It frequently happens, both in London ana Country, that Debtors are confined at a great Distance from their Families and Friends.

[The Witness delivered in a List of Persons discharged by The Thatched House Society, where the Law Charges have exceeded the Original Debt.].

Withdrew.

Appendix, N* 9.

Cases wherein the Law Charges and Costs have exceeded the Original Debt, as stated by Mr.

Debt. . Costs. Observations.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

William Taylor,- - Exeter - - - _ Society liberated by Composition of Four Guineas, 14th May 1790. 6 6 — 12 4 — Nearly Double.

John Ayrton, - - - Horsham ----- - Groats obtained June 1790. 2 3 n 14 10 — Six Times.

Alatlhew Robinson, - King’s Bench - Groats obtained 23th November 1790. 1 19 — 33 Fifteen Times.

John Machay, - - King’s Bench Groats obtained 25th November 1790. 26 30 Excess.

William Coverlet/ - - King’s Bench - Superseded by Society. 12 28 Double.

Andrew Chisholm, - Marshalsea - Groats obtained by Society 1st December 1790* 1 1 — 4 19 10 Four Times.

Thomas Smith, - - Marshalsea -Fees and Lodging, 6th April 1790. 2 6 — 6 8 — N ear Three Times

William Stevens, - - - D* - - - Groats- - - 6th April 1791. 4 10 18 10 Double.

William Haines, D* Groats- - - 6th April 1791. 1 19 — 5 1? — Three Times.

William Wootfield',- - D* - - - - -Groats- - - 10th May 1791. — 14 — 6 16 10 Nine Times.

A LI ST of the Number of Debtors, with the Money Annually expended by the Society for the Discharge and Relief of Persons imprisoned for small Debts, from the Institution, February 1772, to February 179- originally held at the Thatched House Tavern, but now in Cravat Street, in the Strand.

Years. £

1772 to 1774 - - 1,722 Debtors Discharged, for the Sum of - - -4,622 17 1

1775 - - 996.....1,724 1 1*

1776 - - 673 ----- ---- 1,842 13 3

1777 - - 877 .....L729 *9 7

1778 - - 779 .....1,764 — 11

1779 - -811 - -- 1,611 15 3

1780 - - 628.....1,288 17 1

1781 - - 321 - - 828 15 9

1782 - - 389..... 935 3 9

1783 - - 547 .....1,121 12 —

1784 - - 535 ----- ---- 996 12 3

1785 - - 463.....9°4 9 1

1786 - - 339 - 715 8 9

1787 - - 343 - 749 — 10

1788 - - 710 1,566 4 2f

1789 - - 612 - -.....1,926 3 3!

179° - 798 2,303 9 3i

1791 - - 666 - 1,777 — 6

1792 - - 38 I - - - = - - - 976 5 5

12,590

Who had 7,842 W’ives.

and 23,268 Children.

43,700 Persons immediately benefited for - - . 29,384 10 21

The Average for the Debtors about 45 s. each; and of Persons relieved about 13

Appendix;

2* Aprilis. 673

Appendix, N* 10.

Veneris, 17s die Febr 1792.

Committee on the Effects of Imprisonment for Debt.

Philip fVyat Crowther, Esquire, examined.

I hold the Office of Secondary of the City of London — have been in the Office of Secondary Two Years — am also Solicitor to the City of London.

How many bailable Writs are, on an Average, issued into London Annually ?

Three thousand and Fifty-five.

How many Arrests are, on an Average, according to the best of your Knowledge, actually made in the City of London Annually on Mesne Process ?

There must be at least One thousand Five hundred. — The Sheriff has no actual Return of all the Arrests made, so as to make this Answer more correct.

Can you state the Average Number of Writs for Debts under 50/.?

In the Course of the last Year Two thousand Two hundred and Ten Warrants were issued upon bailable Process to that Amount; but I cannot ascertain how many actual Arrests took Place in consequence.

How many under 20/.?

One thousand One hundred and Forty.

Can you state how many Defendants actually go to Prison Annually?

For the last Year Two hundred and Sixty-two.

Of those how many for Debts under 20/.?

One hundred and Twenty-one.

What is the usual Expence attending an Arrest, and of completing the Appearance of the Defendant by Special Gail?

About 61. or gl.

What appears to be the Average Number of Debts which are Annually settled immediately on the Arrest ?

I cannot speak with Certainty — but from the best Information I can collect from the Clerks in the Office, I should take it to be about One Fifth.

Does the Sheriff usually take Bail, or what Security, for the Appearance of the Defendant?

He takes a Bond executed by the Defendant with Two Sureties — but in Cases where the Attorney is a Man of Respectability, a Practice has prevailed with the Sheriff’s Officer of accepting the Undertaking of the Defendants Attorney.

Is the Sheriff ever requested by the Defendant to take a Deposit of Money, or any other Security, for his Appearance?

Application to that Effect has been made, but refused as contrary to Law.

Is it ever known that the Sheriffs Officer does ever in Fact accept such Offer ?

Indirectly I believe it is so, but it is without the Knowledge of the Sheriff.

Are any Fees paid on the Discharge of Defendants and Debtors from Gaol ?

(The Witness delivered in an Account of Fees, from which it appears that the total Amount of Fees at the Poultry and New Compters are 15 s. 6 d. and at Ludgate 7 s.8//.]

Are Defendants or Debtors ever detained in Custody for Non-payment of such Fees?

Most certainly never for the Sheriffs Fees or Poundage, and I believe never for the Gaol Fees, because Vo 1. 47.

there are Charities in the City of London, from which Persons of that Description have applied for the Discharge of the Fees, and they are always relieved.

Are Bails frequently found to be insufficient on Examination, and therefore rejected?

Most certainly, though they tendered themselves, and were ready to swear, as required by Law, that they were worth double the Sum for which the Action was brought.

What is the Consequence of Bail being so rejected?

That the Court will sometimes, on Application, give them Time to add another Bail; but if refused, which is frequently the Case, then Attachment issues against the Sheriff — on which he is immediately compelled to pay the Debt and Costs.

Does not the Expence of these Proceedings in general fall ultimately on the Defendant?

If the Defendant is in a Situation to pay, they certainly all fall on him; if he is Insolvent, then the Loss certainly falls on the Plaintiff. When the Attachment i96ues against the Sheriff, he pays the Money. He then resorts to the Bail Bond; and it frequently occurs that they are the same Bail who have been rejected in Court. If they are insufficient, then the Sheriff sustains the Loss.

Does it frequently happen that the Defendant surrenders himself into Custody, or is surrendered by his Bail, whereby they are discharged ?

Yes.

What is the additional Expence of this Proceeding?

About 3/. for every Action.

Do you find that in the City of London the Number of bailable Writs, for the Purpose of Arrests for Debts under 20/. is increasing?

They certainly are, but not to any large Amount.

Did you ever know an Instance where a Division actually took Place of the Effects of an insolvent Debtor, under the Authority of the Act commonly called the Lords Act ?

No: I thought it had been so, but on Enquiry I found it was not so.

Do you know of any Instance where the Debtor has been brought up under the Clause of that Act which entitles the Creditor to compel Surrender of the Debtor’s Property;

I do not.

Withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Xottineham whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- Canal BjII gable Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County reported, of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal, was committed; and to whom the Petition of George de Ligne Gregory, of the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham,

Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the ErewashCanal, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham-, and also, the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Proprietors of the River Trent Navigation; and also, another Petition of the Committee of the Company of Proprietors of the River Trent Navigation, were severally referred;

That the Committee had considered the First, Third, and Fourth mentioned Petitions; and had heard the

8 I Second

2? AfrUis.

A. 1792.

Second mentioned Petitioners by their Counsel, and had also heard Counsel in Support of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the J Bill, and fpuod the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read ]the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons, Proprietors of the Canal from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, commonly called The Erewash Canal, who petitioned the House this Day, praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, be permitted to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr.

Balances in from the Governor and Company of the Bank of the Bank, England, \attended at the Door; he was called in;

Chancery ° anc*> at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Suitors, pre- their Order,

sented. An Account of the Annual Balances of the Cash

and Securities, in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the Year 1777 to the 1st of October 1791: And also,

A State of the Cash invested in the Purchase of Bank 3/. per Cent. Annuities, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and how the Dividends have been applied and appropriated by several Acts of Parliament; also, an Account of the Surplus Interest now in the Bank, arising from Securities purchased pursuant to several Acts of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and State were read.

Ordered That the said Account and State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and State are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill respect- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ing the Officea empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a of Chancery farther Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper Severed. curities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissions of Bankrupts and Lunatics: And that the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take appointed to into Consideration the Standing Orders of the House consider respecting Bills for making Navigable Canals; and that Onfertfe- th^ do report their Opinion thereupon to the House: speeting And a Committee was appointed of the Master of Navigation the Rolls, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Baker, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Bills. Attorney General, General Burgoyne, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Smith, Mr, Mr. Pitt, Mr,

Stanley, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. , Mr.

Tarleton, Mr. Grosvpnor, Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Secre-

tary at War, Mr. Powys, Mr. Scott, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Chute, Mr. Mr. Bramston,

Mr. Bastard, Mr. Taylor, ’'General Murray, Mr. Serjeant Watson, Mr. Phelips, Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Bladkbteme, Sir George

Jackson, Sir John Wodehouse. Sir John Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Plumer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, York, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Kent, Sussex,

Hants, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Merioneth, Carnarvon, Anglesey, Flint, Denbigh, Chester, Westmoreland, and Cumberland; the Knights for Shires; Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House being informed that Mr. Cracrofl, Accounbof from the Office of Accountant General of the Court ^g^ of Chancery, attended at the Door; he was called in; belonging to and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Chanctiy their Order, Suitors, pre-

An Account of the Annual Balances of the Cash Mnte and Securities, in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the 1st of October 1777 to the 1st of October 1791: And also,

State of the Cash invested in the Purchase of 3/. per Cent. Consolidated Annuities belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and how the Dividends have been applied and appropriated by several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, of the Twelfth of George the Second, Chap. 24, the Fifth of George the Third, Chap. 28, and the Fourteenth of George the Third, Chap. 43.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and State

were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and State are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Newfound, establishing Courts of Justice in the Island of New- t" foundland, and the Islands adjacent: And that Mr. ordmd. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House, was moved, That the Petition of the Petition from several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors, of Editors It" Newspapers, Magazines, and other Daily or Tern- News-papen, porary Publications, on Behalf of themselves and all 4c. referred others concerned in the like Branches of the Printing Commit-Trade, which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. E, the Master of the Rolls, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Samuel Long reported from the Committee, to Tydd Stint whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common j.n‘ Marsh, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Jeport*d. Tydd Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Conmittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with;

*» and

32 Geo. III. £°

615

,1=

1 Of-P

Sfc

il)5® Steyning

Election

Petitions deferred.

of

10

he ,/

7

ie

Jt

if

it

lie ! (if

lid that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Two Common Rights upon the Lands to be inclosed, who refused to sign the Bill; and also elcept the Proprietors of Seven Common Rights, who declared themselves neuter; and that there are in the Whole 54 Common Rights belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 26th Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of Steymng, in the County of Sussex, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 17th Day of this Instant April, at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bl|lforRelief the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for „°>st exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Du- dered.’ ties; for abolishing the Bond usually called the Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise to be transshipped into Lighters for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from Grangemouth to Glasgmv: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James , the Earl of Mominglon, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- ConeoMated der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum p^"ented of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Land Tax to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Commission-upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of g^**^ several of the Commissioners, appointed, by an Act 1 ‘f fr ' made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-one;" and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two;

Resolved, That this House will, To-inorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

.v Bill for Pre- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- servation of cond Heading of the Bill for the further Increase and Naw^Forest* F>reservat'on of l imber within The New Forest, in the committed.' County of Sovthampton, and for the Sale of Rents, and Nj. the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements, in the said Forest, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com-!f^ mhtee of the whole House.

'Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-: 1 ingj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

amend Act Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for Encou-1" intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the ragement of " Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, the Fisheries " and the British Dominions in Europe, and for se-ordered. " curing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and " others, employed in the said Fisheries to the Ports u thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General; do prepare, ami bring in, the same.

Duties onlm- Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-

porta tion of ing, resolve inself into a ’ Committee of the whole Newfound- House, to consider of the Duties payable upon the laad-tohe Importation of Rum or other Spirits into the Island of

eoniidwad. Newfoundtaru^oT'theldoiiAi adjacent.

Vo i. 47.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Lottery Bill Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer- deferred, tain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Earl of Mornington, according to Order, re- Report from ported from the Committee of the whole House, to Committee whom it was referred to consider further of so much ‘'n'om, uch of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both re

Houses of Parliament as relates to the Public Income kies to the and Expenditure, and the National Debt, the Resolu- 1’ublic ln-tion which the Committee had directed him to report S!>nie a.n^ to the House; which he read in his Place; and after- &_-c.pen 'UrP’ wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That whenever the Amount of the Annuities, payable in respect of any redeemable Capital Stock now existing, shall be reduced, or any such Capital Stock shall be paid off by Means of any Sum of Money to be raised for that Purpose, for which a new Capital Stock shall be created, bearing a lower Rate of Interest than the Stock so to be paid off, an additional Annual Sum, equal in Amount to the Annual Interest so saved, shall be thenceforth issued and paid, by Quarterly Payments, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall by them be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by thw House.

Ordered,

2° — 3° Aprilis. A. 1792.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums " in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of u the National Debt," and to provide for the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, is re-committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Report of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ingPManu-^" House, to consider of the Report which was made facturer* from the Committee to whom the Petition of Peter Petition de- Powers and Company, Henry Isherwood and Company, ferred. William Gough, Abraham Hall, Birch and Ouvry, Joseph Knight, John Tootle, John Owen, Joseph Cox, Joseph Reekes and Sharp, George Britton, John Wheeley, Joseph Taylor, and Benjamin Crompton and Son, the principal Paper Hanging Manufacturers of Great , was

referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Militia Pay Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill deferred, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the on Laws re- House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole specung the House, to consider of the Laws respecting the Im-ard Exporta- portation and Exportation of Sugar, and the Duties, tion of Sugar, Drawbacks, and Bounties, thereon, be now read, deferred. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Slave to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Trade. to consider of the African Slave Trade, be now read.

And the said Order heing read accordingly;

Minutes of Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence taken Evidence,&c. in the last Parliament respecting the said Trade, toge-re erre . ther with all Reports, Accounts, and Papers, which were laid before the House relating thereto, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Report Re- Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the "'"""Ifor said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee the slave8 directed hiu to report to the House; which he

Trad*. read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade carried on by British Subjects, for the

Purpose of procuring Slaves from ought to be

gradually abolished.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Ordnr for upon the 21st Day of March last, for the House to be called over Tomorrow, might be read. *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Six of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martis, 3° die Aprilis;

Anno 32* Georgii III"* Regis, 1792.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Grand Jury of the County Petition fro# of Middlesex, in the Quarter Sessions held for the Grand the County, at the Sessions House, Clerkenwell Green, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Lotteries. That the Petitioners feel it their indispensable Duty to represent to the House the dreadful Consequences which result to the Community at large from the alarming Spirit of Gambling, excited and encouraged among all Classes of the lower Orders of the People by the Establishment of Lotteries; and the Petitioners beg to observe the Increase of illegal Insurances, the dreadful Distresses occasioned to sober industrious Families, who, but for those Temptations to Vice and Immorality, would probably have supported themselves and their Families by honest Industry; That Servants have been tempted to engage in a Series of Depredations on their Masters to furnish the Supplies necessary to enable them to adventure in that dreadful Species of Public Gambling; the Petitioners have heard (and have every Reason to believe) that Parents have been torn from their Children, and dearest Relations of Society outraged and violated, in consequence of the said increasing and wide spreading Evil: That the Petitioners will not shock the Feelings of the House, by enumerating the frequent Instances of unfortunate Persons who, unable to bear up under the Accumulation of Distress brought upon themselves by such Species of Gambling, have ventured to lay Hands upon themselves, and, in Opposition to the first Laws of God and Man, by violent Means, put an End to a miserable Existence: And therefore requesting the House to provide such a Remedy for those alarming Mischiefs as may appear to them adequate to the Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do tie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Walker: h»veagreed

Mr. Speaker, *°

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Peterborough Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, and Thorne; the Road leading from Su>anspool Bridge, in the City Ro®^ of Peterborough, to the Town of Thorney, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for altering the Course of some Part of the said Road; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- in*^s

dows, Bill.

1

Chapel en-le-Frith and Enterclough Bridge, &c. Roads Bill.

Bill for preventing frauds by Common Brewers Bill respecting exporting Tea to Ireland, Sec.

Bill relating to Auctioneers.

Bill for preventing Frauds with respect to Body Warrants. Middleton aAd Egle-Jton, Sec. Boad Bill.

Longportand Somerton, Sec. Roads Bill.

Bill respecting the Offices of the Court of Chancery presented.

Bill to amend Act respecting Hackney

677

dows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Walton in the Woidds, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith to, or near to,

clough Bridge, in the County c:' Derby, and also the

Road from the Village of to Marple Bridge,

in the said County, and also the Road from the Village of Glossop to a certain Gate called Clay lands Gate, in the Township of Longdendale, on, or near to, the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Mottram to Wood-head, in the County Palatine of; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise by Common Brewers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Regulations with respect to Certificates on exporting Tea to Ireland or America; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to compel Auctioneers to declare whether Sales have been held under the Notices now required to be given by Law; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of certain Warrants issued for the apprehending and committing Persons convicted of Offences against the Excise Laws; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from The at the West

End of the Town of Middleton in Teesdale, in the County of Durham, to the Gate in the new Inclosures called The Edge, near the Collieries called JVcsl Pitts, in the Parish of Saint Andrews Auckland, in the same County, and also a Branch from the said Road, at or near the Head of the Town of Egleston, to Eg/eston Bridge, over the River Tecs; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of through

the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to and

several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing, amending, and widening certain other Roads within the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Master of the Rolls presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for Building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissions of Bankrupts and Lunatics: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Vol. 47.

" Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allow- Coach*, &c " ance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment or^«ret|.

" of the Stamp Duties on Licenses for retailing Beer,

" Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for explain-

"ing and amending several Acts of Parliament relating " to Hackney Coaches and Chairs," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs: And that Mr.

Mainwaring and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Eleventh ?tone an<) Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- i-;Cclr-h.<U pairing and widening the Road from Slone to Lane Road Bill End, and to the Road between and San on commuted. Meir Heath, and from Meir to and from

thence to Stableford, in the County of Stafford, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and for repairing and improving the Road from a Place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Ein the said County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made, That the ingtossed Bill fof coombe Hill making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the and Chtlten* Foot of Coombe Hill, in the Parish of Leigh, in the ham Canal County of Gloucester, to join the lliver Severn, at or Bill passed, near a Place called Fishers, otherwise Fletchers,

in the Parish of Deerhurst, in the said County, be now read the Third Time;

And the House being informed, that the Bailiffs,

Burgesses, and Commonalty, and the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, who petitioned this House upon the l pth Day of March last, praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, declined being heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 33. 1. 40. To leave out " " and insert

" June "instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Foot of Coombe Hill, in the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called Fishers, otherwise Fletcher's Leap, in the Parish of , in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentry, Merchants, Traders, and pejjtionf, om other Inhabitants of the Town of upon Trent, ,\ ewark upon

in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the 1 nmiagain* House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the a Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near Ratclijje, in the County of Nottingham; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are satisfied, as well by the Report of an able and experienced Engineer employed by themselves, as by the Information of the Engineers appointed to survey and carry into Execution the said Canal, that it is proposed to make and raise a Dam or Weir across a certain Stream or common River, called The Devon, and to intercept the Water thereof, for the Purpose of filling a Reservoir to supply the said Canal; and that

8 K the

678 3° Apriiis. . 1792.

the said River Devon rises in the Parish of ,in

the County of Leicesterand passing through the most fertile Part of the said County of ,empties

itself into a Branch of the River Trent, which flows by the said Town of Newark, and has of late been made navigable, at a very considerable Expence, for the Benefit of the said Town, which being a Place of

freat Population and extensive Commerce, has several lills (particularly a very large and expensive Cotton Mill) situate on the said Branch of the River Trent, which several Mills, as well as the Navigation by the said Town of will, at least, be ma-

terially injured, if not wholly destroyed, by such proposed Diversion of the Water of the said River Devon: And therefore praying the House, to take into their most serious Consideration the great Injury which is likely to arise to the Property, Trade, and Manufactures, of the Town of by the Manner in which the said Navigable Canal is intended to be carried into Execution, and that the Petitioners may be permitted to be heard by their Counsel, and to offer Evidence in Support of the Allegations herein contained, in order to prevent the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Eavour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Bolton In- A Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a certain Pavhi* tc Common or Waste Ground, called Bolton Moor, and BH1'coinnut- °^ier ^ie Commons and Waste Grounds within the ted. Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, w-ithin the Towns of Bolton and Little Bolton, and for supplying the said Towns with Water, and for providing Eire Engines and Firemen, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs within the said Towns, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -burne, Mr. Thomas Stanley,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at l’ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

South A Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter and amend

Road Bill the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-conmuited. second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Laves, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence, through Firle Street under the to Long-

bridge, in the Parish of Alfriston, in the County of Sussed' (except so far as the said Acts relate to that Part of the said Iload which lies between a Place, commonly called Bopeep, in the Parish of Alciston, and Longbridge aforesaid) and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Thomas Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

'Montgr.nife- A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the ry> &c- Poor Poor belonging to the Towns and Parishes of Bill commit- gomery an(j Pool, the Parishes of Bciriew, Kerry,

Llandyssil Llanmerewig, Tor den, Bultington, Woolslan-mine, Chirbury, Worthing, and Churchsioke, and the Townships of Aston and Castlewright, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Owen, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of tire Day, for the House Commiitet to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ti"* to the upon the Bill to revive and continue so much of an conveyance Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Sheep be-present Majesty, as relates to the Conveyance of Sheep *wec"Cowes> between Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, and the Ports of ton, Southampton and Portsmouth, and to extend the same Portsmouth, to Horses and Lambs, and to amend the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Commits a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed 0,1 Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the ^ce Marriage of William Raybould with Joannah Pearsall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Indemnity upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Bl ' omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instruction mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for indemnifying Schoolmasters w ho have masters fee. omitted to subscribe the Declaration of Conformity; and for

32 Geo. III.

3° Aprilis.

679

for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on Indentures of Clerks and Apprentices.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, said Premisses, be now read.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made And the said Order being read accordingly;

several Amendments thereunto; which they had Hi- The House resolved itself into the said

reeled him to report, when the House will please to mittee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in relative to the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as thr sale of relates to the Sale of the House in Garden, Lottery

heretofore used as an Office for the Commissioners of p^c* r> the Lottery, and to enable His Majesty to grant the d'V

Com-

Newfoundland Judica-

receive the same.

Oi'dered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, de-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hairy Hobart reported from the Committee,

cording to Order, a Bill for establishing Courts of That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed ture Bill pre- Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the him to report the same to the House, without any

sented, "r ' ‘ * --- *

Islands adjacent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Fortnight, the 20th Day of this Instant April. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Lottery Bill Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer- committed, tain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread do make the Report now read.

Westerham

RoadPetition from jje Committee to whom the Petition of the se-repor . verai Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in " Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge

" Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of ing, resolve itself into a " Westerham, in the County of Kent, through the VII- House, upon the said Bill.

" lage of Limpsfield, to the Viliage of over

" Botley Hill, Worms Heath and Wallin ghum Com-

*" mon, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon " to Godstone, in the County of Surrey, was referred

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

Committee of the whole

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commit:* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Militia upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay Pa>' Bl‘1,

Mr. Whitbread accordingly reported from the said and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Committee, That the Committee had examined, and Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the found that the Standing Orders of the House relative Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hun-to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, the dred and Ninety-two, be now read.

Parties not being apprised of the Standing Orders And the said Order being read accordingly;

till near Christmas last, but that Notices had been affixed on the Doors of the Sessions Houses at Maidstone, and Union Hall, Southwark at the last Christmas

Quarter Sessions, and published Three Times, in the Month of January last, in Newspapers printed and circulated in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition which they had directed to be reported to the House: and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Morning, said Act was read: And,

Mr. Ambrose Glover being examined, said, That a Progress hath been made in executing the said Act, and the Sum of 1,640 I. has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hairy Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

said Act are enlarged.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Greenland from the Committee of the whole, House, to w hom and Davis’s the Bill to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in re'1)0iu.d. the Greenland Seas and Davis's Stre and to amend the Laws now in Force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill of the Greenland Seas and Davis's was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Westerham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Limpsfield, to the Village of Titsey, over Botley Hill, Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Worms Heath, and Wa/lingham Common, to the Turn- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, pike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, di-

County of Surrey: And that Mr. Whitbread, Lord recting, that Ships having on Board One Apprentice* William Bussell, and Mr. William Clement Finch, do for every Fifty Ions Burthen, shall be entitled to the prepare, and bring in, the same. Bounties.

Vo l. 47. -And

3° A prills.

A. 1792.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Ilouse, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Great Cavl- A Bill for more effectually draining certain Fenton Drainage Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Great

tonr, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Minchin, &c.: And they are to meet

Bill committed,

or Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bernard, Sir James Murray, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commits to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill to to consider further of the Bill to amend and render Provjdefor more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth of^naadi"

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for issuing 400,000l. for Reduction of National Debt.

The Lords have passed

'Wihnot’s

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An tionalSumto

" Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at Reunion " the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them " applied to the Reduction of the National Debt;" ’

Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Esquire, with

Fanny Saint hill, his now Wile, and to enable him to Divorce Bill, marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, along the Course of Sleaford Mill Stream, and Kyme Eau, to the River Witham, at or near in the same

County, and for making necessary Cuts lor better ef*

Sleaford Navigation Bill reported, and re-conunit-ted.

and to provide for the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commiitw to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as diture.&c. relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and deferral, the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Tomorrow

fecting the said Navigation, was committed; and to Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant^/)?’//, resolve whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Estates, adjoining, or near to, a certain Stream or River, called Kyme Eau, in the County of Lincoln, and lying within the Boundaries of the Second District, ascertained, specified, and described, in an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

for draining and preserving certain Low Lands,

" called The^Fens, lying on both Sides the River

" JFUham, in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring

" and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, " from the High Bridge, in the City of through

" the Borough of Boston, to the Sea," on Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, Grounds, and Estates, within the said Second District, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Booth’s Bill committed.

A Bill for more effectually securing to Joseph Booth, and to the Public, the Benefit of a certain Invention

03

itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commits to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill fur upon the Bill for the further Increase and Preservation of'lseiv®tie" of Timber within The New Forest, in the County of "ivNeJ" Southampton, and for the Sale of Rents, and the En- Forest, franchisement of Copyhold Tenements, in the said Forest, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Heni'y Hobart accordingly reported from the report*), said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report he taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That, such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered,

32 Geo. III. 3° — 4°

681

Committee to Ordered \That the Order of the Day, for the House -S'derof to resL)ive itsdf into a Committee of the whole House, ImporuiUon to consider of the Duties payable upon the Im-«f Spirits into portation of Rum or other Spirits into the Island Newfound- of Newfoundland, or the Islands adjacent, be now knd- read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Land Tax to resoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, er^Njunes upon tl)e Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of Bill. several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the

" Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-one," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Wilmot’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Divorce Bill Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wilmot, Esquire, tead' with Fanny Sainthill, his now Wife, and to enable him

to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into ou Larking’s a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Divorce Bill, gju from t^e intituled, An Act to dissolve the

Marriage of John La, Esquire, with Elizabeth Marcon, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that they had Notice that there was a Message from the Lords; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the Message received, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill. Vo i. 47-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Gould, T,ie l ord* and Mr. Baron Hot ham.- hav* "BreeJ

Mr. Speaker, lo'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for the Act to make Provision for the Establishment of Their Establish-Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dutchess of York and Albany, and also to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Dutchess of Highness during the Term of Her natural Life, to York, commence from the Decease of His said Royal Highness, in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive Him; without any Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Diwctbll* of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Larking, Esquire, with Elizabeth Marcon, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed Bill 10 amend in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late j^forth^Eii- Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act CoUragement* " for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the of Seamen,

" Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method committed.

" for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of " their Wages; and for enabling them more easily " and readily to remit the same for the Support of " their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds " and Abuses attending such Payments;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 4* die Aprilis;

Anno 32* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

SIR William Heathcote presented to the House, ac- Poruea p*v-cording to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed ing-&c- Bill in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Presented-intituled, "An Act for the better paving of the " Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Nuisances " and other Annoyances in that Part of the Parish of " Portsca, in the County of Southampton, commonly " called Portsmouth Common," and for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

8 L The

682

4° ApriUs.

A.

Lewknorln- The Marquis of Blan presented to the House, closure Bill according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing presented. ceftaip Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the ‘ Bill be read a Second Time.

Mold Inclo- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the sure Billcom- Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and mi te ’ Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Owen, Mr. Williams, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to pem> baud Order, a Bill for continuing the Terms of Two Acts, Horiiton passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of >the Reign of RoaBsBiH his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Pre, ent(d-Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Perm Irm, in the County of Dorset, to or near to Shipley Lame, in ithe Parish of Hrniton, in the ^County of Devon, and divers other Roads, forming the Second, Third, and Fourth Districts of the Roads therein mentioned; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Quandoe’s Gate, in the County of Dorset, over Hawkoburoh Down, towards the Lyme

Regis Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hawkchurch and Whitechurch Canomcorum, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset: And the same was received; and read, the Fust Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Essex and Colchester Petition for a Tax on Dogs.

Member added tobring in Horncastle Navigation Bill.

Horncastle Navigation Bill presented.

Sleaford Navigation recommitted Bill reported.

A Petition of the Magistrates acting for the Eastern Division of the County of Essex, the Mayor and Inhabitants of the Borough of Colchester, and other Inhabitants of the said Division, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, seriously alarmed at the many Instances of Canine Madness which have lately happened in this Country, hope the House will take such Measures as to them shall seem expedient for the Prevention of the Evil; and if, for the effecting of that great Object, it shall be thought advisable to impose a Tax upon Dogs, therefore praying, That the Produce of the said Tax may be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Fydell be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for making Navigable the River and the

Branches thereof, from the Town of Horncastle, to the Junction of the said River with the River Wit ham, at or near a Place called Dogdike, and for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the said River Withamand the Canal,

through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, all in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. Fydell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Navigable the River and the Branches thereof, from the Town of Horncastle, to the Junction of the said River with the River Witham, at or near a Place called Dogdike, and for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the said River Witham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, all in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fydell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of'

Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, along the Course of Sleaford Mill Stream, and Kyme Eau, to the River Witham, at or neaf Chqppel Hill, in the same County, and for yaking necessary Cuts for better effecting the s#id Navigation, yiys recommitted; That the Committee had jnadf several other Amendments tq the Biff, which they had directed him to-report so the i|quse; and he read the Report, in his Place, and afr terwds delivered the Dill, with the Amendments, ia at the (plerk’s Table? Where the Amendment* were Qpcp read throughput; and then a $ecoud Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agfefd tP by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr Annesleybe added to the Gem Member tlemen, who are appointed to prepane, and bring io, ddfUriring a ' Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His pre- Road ill sent Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Fairingdon, in the Couoty of Berks, to Burj'ord, in the County of Oxford.

Mr. Annesley presented to the House, according to Farringdon Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of and Burford an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of ^oa<*

His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turn- presente' ing, and altering, the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Hme.

Ordered, That Mr. Annesley be added to the Gentle- Mtmber men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a addedtobring Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Charles Coxe, of the City of Bath, Esquire, and Charles West- Bjji.nc 8sim ley Coxe, of Kemble, in the County of Esquire.

Mr. Annesley presented to the House, according to Rodmartoi, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and &c. IdcIomk Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas- and Boundary tures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste pme"’ Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, in the County of Gloucester, and also for settling and making certain the Boundaries of the said Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates: And the some was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord William Russell presented to the House, ac- Wesurhaa cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the prww ‘ Reign of His present Majesty, for the repairing widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge, Turnpike Road at Cockham

Hill, in the Parish of Westerham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfeld, to the Village ef Titsey, over Bolley Hill, W ormHeath, and Walling-ham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Call, from the Select Committee who were steyning appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Right ofEltc Petition of James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, l*CD

Cooper, John Butcher, Thomas Sone, Siderick Elgar, m,n'

Rich aid Jennor, Charles Greome, Thomas Newman, Richard Kemp, Edmund Streeter, William Sharp, Thomas

Young,

L

B:

10

Cc

He

"I

32 Geo. III.

4° Aprilis.

683

Young, ami John Batchelor the Younger; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of Steymng, in the County of respecting the Right

of Election for the said Bofough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended;

That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioners, James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, William Coapet', John Butcher, Thomas Siderick Elgar,

Richard Jen/ier, Charles Groome, Newman,

Richard Kemp, Edmund Streeter, William Sharp, Thomas Young, and John Batchelor the Younger, delivered in a Statement as follows:

" That the Right of Election of Members to serve " in Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the " County of Susses?,is in the Constable and Householders, Inhabitants within the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms."

That the Counsel for the said Electors Petitioners delivered in a Statement as follows:

" The Counsel for the Petitioners, BichardLonghurst,

"William Town, Thomas Slammer, Thomas Cox, John

" Morris, and Joseph Curtis, Junior, to defend the " Right of Election for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, as reported to the House, by " the Select Committee, on the 7th Day of March " 1791, state the Right of Election of Members to M serve in Parliament for the said Borough to be

" In the Inhabitants of ancient Houses, and of " Houses built on the Sites of ancient Houses,

" within the said Borough of Steyning, being Householders paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving " Alms "

And that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said last mentioned Statement, is not the Right of Election for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That no Persons have a Right to vote at an Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Steymng, in respect of any Houses within the Borough of Bramber, the Ty thing of or the Manors of Charlton or King's-Bames.

And also, that the said Select Committee have de-dertnined.

That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, is in the Constable and Householders, Inhabitants within the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Bill for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the City of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report Vol. 47.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to Ogboorn In-whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in sported.1 Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Parish of Ogbourn Saint George, in the County of WillSt was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 135 Acres, 300 Cow Commons, and 22 Sheep Commons, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed amounts to 864 Acres, 3,775 Sheep Commons, and 120 Cow Commons, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they has directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to Harford, whom the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and Lwjchlade, altering the Road leading from the Town of Burford, Road*WBUi°n in the County of Oxford, to Leachlade, in the County reported, of Gloucester, and for making a Road from thence to the River Isis or Thames; for building a Bridge across the said River, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road leading from Leachlade to Inglesham, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said last mentioned Road, to and through the Town of Hightcorih, in the County of Wilts, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Governors, Assistants, and Society Pet!tm0 of the City of London, of and for the Mines Royal, and of the Governors, Assistants, and Society of and Newport for the Mineral and Battery Works, under their Com- Ctnal Bill, mon Seals, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near, Pontneuiynydd, into the River Uske, at of near the Town of Nervport, and a Navigable Cut or

Canal

684

Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Rail-

ways, or Stone Roads, from such Navigable Cuts or Canals to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Coun* ties of Monmouth and Brecknock; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that there are certain Clauses contained in the said Bill, which they conceive will very much endanger the Works belonging to the Petitioners, situate at Rocheston Castle, in the Parish of Basaleg, in the said County of Monmouth: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as shall be found to be prejudicial to their aforesaid Works.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Medway Na- A Bill for improving the Navigation of the River vigation Bill Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the committed. severa| Parishes of Maidstone, and

Aylesford, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Bloxam, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition A Petition of the thereunder signing Inhabitants

against the of Town of Southampton, was presented to the Poor Bin*.10" House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better regulating the Poor of the united Parishes within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton; and Setting forth, That by the said Bill it is intended to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Poor, and repairing " the Highways, within the Town and County of " the Town of Southampt," whereby the several Parishes in the said Town are united into One District, for repairing the Highways within the said District, and which Union was entered into to prevent Disputes at that Time existing, and great Benefit hath arisen from such Union, but by the Bill now before the House, the several Clauses in the said Act respecting the Highways are entirely left out, and the Disputes and Doubts, prevented by the said Act w ill again accrue; and that the said Bill contains certain other Clauses which, the Petitioners conceive, tend to destroy the Peace, and subvert the good Government of the Town, render the Magistracy contemp- tible, and its Authority of no effect towards restraining the dangerous Spirit of Libertinism which is daily increasing in the Kingdom, and also to deprive the Corporation of the said Town of certain Privileges and Properties which they have uninterruptedly enjoyed for many Centuries, to the great Advantage of the Public: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Member ad- Ordered, That Mr. be added to the G en-

ded to bring tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, church^Poor a for the better Relief and Employment of the Bill. Poor of and within such Part of the Parish of

church, maintaining its own Poor, as lies within the County of Salop.

A. 1792.

Mr. JVigley presented to the House, according to Whitchurch Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment *>oor®‘*j of the Poor of and within such Part of the Parish of preMD *' Whitchurch, maintaining its own Poor, as lies within the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants and others concerned Petition fen in the Newfoundland Trade in and about the Port of Dartmouth, in the County of Devon, was presented towfound. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the land Judin-Petitioners are much alarmed at the Perusal of a Bill, *ure B‘1L which they are informed is likely to be brought into the House, under the specious Title of an Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Island of Newfoundland, and for sundry other Purposes; and that the said Bill contains a great Number of obnoxious Clauses, and such as will, if carried into a Law, inevitably ruin the Newfoundland Trade, which is now in a very reduced State from the many Burthens and Restrictions under which it already labours: And therefore praying, That the House will admit the Petitioners to be heard, by Counsel, against passing the said Bill, and afford them a reasonable Time for attending and instructing their Counsel on the Subject.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom Aynho r#-the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and closure Bill Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas- rePorttli' tures, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Aynho, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Half a Yard Land, who refused to give his Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consist of 45 Yard Lands, and some odd Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Ross reported from the Committee, to Lumk ant w hom the Bill for making and repairing the Road Hamilton from the Town of Lanerk to the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanerk, was committed; That the repnr'' Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments

4° Aprilis.

k

32 Geo. III.

4° Apri

685

Larking*s Divorce Bill passed.

Raybould's Divorce Bill passed.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

a

An ingrossed Bjll from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John , Esquire,

with Elizabeth Marcon, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Raybould with Joannah Pearsall, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again: and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Ijmcrt posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for B.il

continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of so orde,e<1* much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Lanerk.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 14th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, appointed by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, *An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading through " the County of Lanerk, and for building a Bridge " over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The " Hawfoord, in the said County," was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several lloads leading through the County of Lanerk: And that Sir Charles Ross, Sir James SteuartDenham, aiuj Mr. William M do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

Report 00 Nottingham Canal Bill further con-fiidered.

presented.

1 Ay»

ii

red-

iitii;

0

'if Jr

0 It* [it $

tC off/ M

\d-

G ft

a

a 2 13

an

1i=V

V*

T#

Sir Charles Ross presented to the House, according Lanerk to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering ®oads h'll the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Lanerk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making

and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Croat-

ford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, That the several Persons, Proprietors of the Canal from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Saxvley and Long Eaton, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, commonly Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses, and called The ErewashCanal, who petitioned this House the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and upon Monday last, praying to be heard, by themselves also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to or Counsel, against the said Bill, declined being heard be drunk in their Houses;

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts,

Ale-house Keepers, &c. Licensing

made in the Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of Bill deicm-.i.

by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time,

Tomorrow Morning.’

An ingrossed Bill to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries £"rej„|lts carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Fisheries Bill

and to amend the Laws now in Force for the Encou- passed, ragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's

securing a sufficient Quantity of Water for the Supply Streights, was read the Third Time, of the Erewash Canal. . Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the be, An Act to continue and amend several Laws re-Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to lating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries car-be made Part of the Bill. ried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights,

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, and to amend the Laws now in Force for the Encou-

to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed.

be

ragement

the Bill, wit* versi d® IT. is till

the

Order for Lanerk Roads and Clyde Bridge Bill discharged.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 14th Day of March last, " That Leave be " given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Steyning Monday last, for taking into Consideration, upon the 17th Day of this Instant April, the Petition of Samuel d‘f<rre(i.

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads Whitbread, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the seleading through the County of Lanerk, and for veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, " building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Electors of the Borough of Sleyning, in the County of " a Place called The Howfoord, in the said County Sussex, severally complaining of an undue Election and might be read. . Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. That the said Order be discharged

Vo 1.. 47.

8 M

Ordered,

A. 1792.

686 4° Aprilis.

Shaftesbury Election Petitions deferred.

Radnor Election Petition deferred.

Pontefract Petitions respecting the Right of Election deferred.

Ludgershall Petitions respecting the Right of Election deferred.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant April, at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 7th Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday the 17th Day of this Instant the Petition of William Bryant, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Skaston, otherwise , in the County of Dorset, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 24th Day of this Instant April, at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 7th Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, upon Thursday the 19th Day of this Instant April, the Petition of the Petitioners thereunto subscribed, who are Freeholders of the County of Radnor, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 26th Day of this Instant April at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the several Orders, made upon the 7th and 8th Days of March last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday the 24th Day of this Instant April, the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, w ho claims to be an Elector of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York-, and also, the Petition of John Smyth, and ' William Sotheron, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 1st Day of May next, at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 7th Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, upon Thursday the 26th Day of this Instant April, the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Midleion, the Honourable William Brodrick, and Charles Townshend, Esquire, Electors of Members to

serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of Thomas Everett, Esquire, and Thomas Batt, Gentleman, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 3d Day of May next, at a Quar er of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Atternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officers of the Boroughs of Pontefract and Ludgershall.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from Militia fy the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill reported, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, «»Lottery upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Bl11-Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition <« thereunto subscribed, Electors of the City and Liberty ao Enquiry of Westminster, w as presented to the House, and read; *Dt0 A*5"5" Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe with Regret, by the Votes of the House, that a Motion was sterElection, made on Tuesday, the 13th of March 1792, for an Enquiry into all Abuses committed by Persons in Office at the Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the City of Westminster, in the Month of July 1788, as far as the same related to Penalties incurred under the Excise Law and Lottery Act, which Motion was rejected: That George Smith, a Publican in Westminster, was in the Year 1788 convicted, on the Prosecution of the Attorney General, in* the Sum of 50/. for brewing Beer for Sale without a Licence, and that the Prosecution was officially conducted by John Vivian, Esquire, Solicitor to the Board of Ex-

cise: That in the Month of October 1788, the said George Smith was employed by George , Esquire, Secretary to the Treasury, as an Emissary and Agent, in Favour of Lord Hood, one of the Lords of the Admiralty, at that Time prosecuting a Petition in this House against Lord John Townshend, the successful Candidate at the Election for Westminster in 1788, and that the said Petition was tried before a Committee of this House in the Months of April, May, and June 1789: That in the Month of January 1789, George Smith applied to the said George Rose, stating the particular Circumstances of his Case in a Petition, and praying to have the Penalty he had incurred remitted; that the said George Rose, Esquire, did forward the said Petition to the Chairman of the Board of Excise, and did afterwards send a Letter to the Secretary,

. desiring

t

32 Geo. III. 4° Aprilis.

687

desiring as a Favour that all Proceedings on Smith's Penalty might be stopped till the Chairman, who was at that Time absent, returned to Town: That on the 8th of April 1789, the said George Rose did write to the said George Smith in these Words; " Mr. Rose desires " Mr. Smith will call on him in Old Palace Yard Tomorrow Morning at 8 o’Clock, as Mr. Vivian will " then be thereThat the Secretary of the Treasury, in thus procuring a secret Interview early in the Morning, at his own House, between the Solicitor to the Board of Excise and the convicted Defendant, acted in a Manner highly suspicious: That, from the Nature of the Transaction, it is difficult to know what passed at such a clandestine Meeting, but it appears, by Receipt from the Excise Office, signed John Vivian," that no Part of the Penalty incurred by the said George Smith was levied before the 14th of May 1790, being a Respite of above Thirteen Months ’ from the Time of the private Interview at Mr. Rose's House: That during the first Part of those Thirteen Months the said George Smith was extremely useful to the Treasury in forwarding the Interest of Lord Hood, the unsuccessful Candidate, and, during the latter Part of the Period, extremely troublesome to the Treasury in demanding to be paid for his Services: That the Excise Penalty appears to have slept while he was an Election Agent, and only became active when he shewed himself in the Shape of an unsatisfied Creditor: That the said George , being unable to procure from the Secretary of the Treasury Payment of his Bill for his said Election Services as his Agent, brought an Action against him to recover the Amount: That the said Action was tried, in the Month of July 1791, before the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, by a Special Jury who, by giving a Verdict for the whole Demand of the Plaintiff, did thereby declare themselves satisfied that Smith had performed Election Services against Lord John Townshend at the Request of the Secretary of the Treasury; and that the said Action was defended by the Solicitors to the Treasury: That in the Course of the Trial of the said Action, the following material Evidence was given upon Oath by the Solicitor for Lord Hood; viz. " That Mr. Rose had, while the Petition against Lord " John Townshend was depending, assured him he

" might trust Smith, because there was a Prosecution " going on against him in the Excise, and, as a Mark " of the Trust and Confidence they had in him, they " had interfered, and stepped in to serve himand that the said Evidence was uncontroverted upon the Trial, and has been since circulated in a printed Statement for above Eight Months, without Refutation: That the above-mentioned Proceedings do appear to the Petitioners to warrant their Opinion, that Mr. Rose, by using that influence with the Board of Excise, and its Solicitor, which his Situation as Secretary to the Treasury afforded him, has endeavoured, as far as in‘him lay, to apply the Penalties, provided by Act of Parliament for the Punishment of Frauds upon the Revenue, to the corrupt Purpose of establishing an undue Influence in the Election of a Member of Parliament: That the Petitioners, considering the great and increasing Extension of the Excise Laws, and the Number of Individuals subject to their Operation, cannot but entertain the most alarming Apprehensions of Danger to the Freedom of Election, should the Influence, which Administration must necessarily have in the Execution of those Laws, be made Use of for the Purpose of corrupting or intimidating the Minds of the Electors of this Kingdom: — That John Hoskins, having been arrested on the Affidavit of the Solicitor of the Lottery, and being a Prisoner in the King's Bench Prison for Penalties to the Amount of 700l. incurred under the Lottery Act, did offer to the said Solicitor, who at the Time was acting as Agent to Lord Hood, to procure

Vol. 47.

Sixty Votes for the said Lord Hood, in Consideration of his Release from Prison: That the Solicitor of the Lottery declined complying with the said Proposition until he had consulted higher Authority, and that, after a short Interval of Time, the Proposal was accepted, and, on the said Hoskins having procured Sixty Persons to vote for Lord Hood, the said Hoskins was actually discharged from Prison on Bail notoriously insufficient; that the Expence attending the putting in and justifying such Bail so notoriously insufficient, was, in Part, defrayed by Lord Hood, a Candidate at the said Election, and one of the Lords of the Admiralty: That the Petitioners have Reason to believe that this Transaction would have been traced to Persons of higher Authority, and that other Instances of equal Enormity on the Part of the Servants of the Crown, in the said Election, would have been proved, had an Enquiry been granted: — That the said Petitioners, taking into their Consideration the above Circumstances, anxious to maintain the Freedom of Election thus daringly invaded, to prevent a Misapplication of the Public Money, and to preserve from Abuse Powers which, even in the purest Exercise of them, must be considered as dangerous, but which, if misapplied, would become absolutely destructive to the Liberties of the People, do consider a Parliamentary Enquiry as necessary to secure the Constituent Body of this Kingdom in the free Enjoyment of their Constitutional Privileges, and to preserve the Independence of the House of Commons: And therefore praying the House to take the several Matters above mentioned into their most serious Consideration, and to institute a solemn Enquiry into the Truth thereof, and to grant unto the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House, in its Justice and Wisdom, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition to lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That the Petition of JVII- Petition in Ham Leadbctter, Charles Hougham, Peter William Bui- favour of lock, Charles Schofield, John Russell, Charles Smith, and St- BotolPh Thomas Conder, late Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Botolph 5 Alders- and Instrur-

gate, in the City of London, and of George Seddon, t««»n there-Thomas Skinner, Samuel Jacam, Thomas Uf,on*

Francis Gilding, and John Clarke, Inhabitants of the said Parish, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Botolph ’without Aldcrsgate, in the City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a new Workhouse, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Laws to consider of the Laws respecting the Importation and Exportation of Sugar, and the Duties, Drawbacks, and t^o^and" Bounties, thereon, be now read. Exportation

And the said Order being read accordingly; of Sugar.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- instruc(ion mittee, That they do consider of the Laws respecting respecting the Importation and Exportation of Coffee, and the CostVe. Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties thereon.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

u.

688 4° Ap A. 1792.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Com- Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow mittee. Morning.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Billtoamrod That they had come to several Resolutions;, which Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Fifteenth they had directed him to report, when the House will Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, eourM«nw please to receive the same. " An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries of tile Fish-

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the erie‘. p«-Morning. " British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the

" Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, em-Repartre- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported " ployed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at

tres'orffm-'1* ^rom ^ie Committee of the whole House, to whom it " the End of the Fishing Season and for laying an portation of was referred to consider of the Duties payable upon the additional Duty on Rum, and other Spirits, imported Spirits into Importation of Rum or other Spirits into the Island of into the Island of Newfoundland: And the same was Newfound- Newfoundland, or the Islands adjacent, the Resolution received; and read the First Time. du ’ which the Committee had directed him to report to the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards , That the said Bill be read a Second Time

delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence per Gallon be charged upon all Rum, or other Spirits, over and above all other Duties imposed thereon, imported into the Island of Newfoundland, or the Islands adjacent.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great , Ireland, and the Bt'itish

" Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return " of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the " End of the Fishing Season," That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Dayap- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

pointed to the 18th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into Abolition a Committee of the whole House to consider of Mea-oi the slave sures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade

'trade. carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

amend Act to res0^ve *nt0 a Committee of the whole

sTceo. n. House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending

ii>r the En- &n Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign couragement of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ©t Seamen. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a " regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and

" certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling " them more easily and readily to remit the same for " the Support of their Wives and Families, and for " preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

upon Friday Fortnight, the 20th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Merchants of Dartmouth, car- Petition rying on the Fishery and trading to the Island of agamstAe Newfoundland, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are much alarmed nl f'f EtT at the Contents of a Bill now in the House, which conragemtut contains Matter that they conceive will, if not utterly ®f the £">* ruin, very much diminish, the Newfoundland Trade in enes* which they are engaged; and Representing to the House, that the said Trade is now in a very reduced and declining State, from the many Burthens and Restrictions imposed thereon of late Years, and they are convinced, that, if the House would take into Consideration, and inquire into the Causes of such Reduction, and into the whole State and Nature of the said Trade, instead of passing new Laws and Restrictions which will inevitably tend to the Ruin of the Trade, the House would be induced to ease them of the Burthens and Difficulties under which they labour: And therefore praying, That the Bill now in the House may not pass into a Law, and that the House would institute an Enquiry into the State and Means of the said Trade, and would pass such Laws as would be found necessary for its Relief and Protection.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the " Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland,

" and the British Dominions in , and for securing

" the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others,

" employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof,

" at the End of the Fishing Season and for laying an additional Duty on Rum, and other Spirits, imported into the Island of Newfobe read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bill to revive from the Committee of the whole House, to whom c<h£ the Bill to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Sheep, be- Majesty, as relates to the Conveyance of Sheep tweenCow*. between Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, and the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, and to extend the same po/tsmouth, to Horses and Lambs, and to amend the said Act, reported, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. i

Ordered,

689

32 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the ingrossed.

4° Aprilis.

Bill, with the Amendments, be

fc

c*

b't*

tit 'A-etr,

u

11a

Ike

itant

Land Tax

Commissioners Names Bill reported.

car- p,

ml di fci

rtii; s lavriied "lach.-J utterly tesi

ide in fa

to the duced s and I they into d ad

tee

nndfe.

Wiettiem 'id ta Till now in d that the Stale iti pass such Heiief aid

upon tie ssed in & tt Majestc, ent of 4

in, In for securing and others,

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported tiom the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be reaa the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Mr Horn-Reading of the Bill for vesting in Jonathan "wer"* Hill.

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole dc erred-Use and Property of certain Machines or Engines for raising Water and other Liquids, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, described therein, for a limited Time:

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words, " upon Tomorrow " Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant April."

And the Question being put, That the Word stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

now

Tellers for the Yeas,

fSir Francis Basset, [Sir

Tellers for the Noes,

| 22. j 24.

ingrossed

Words of this Ques-

Indemnity Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Hill reported. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

for lam; Spirits, i> lx real!

report?: i'-' \ to \\h of an.li'4 His pra jr; of Step* the Ports ti^ d the m e said Act, the Conti they had he read the id the Bill, 11 Table; mahout: and, np»

: awed to 0

Sir William Lemon,

/Mr. Peel,

[Mr. William Smith:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the " upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 19th Day " Instant April," be added at the End of the tion;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who April. have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving A Petition and Memorial of the Merchants Adven- Petition further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify turers of the City of Bristol, in the Fishery and Trade the Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and to the Island of was presented to the ^ct Woeo

Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners hj. f0,

to be stamped according to Law, or, having been conceive the House is not apprized of the great couragement

stamped, have beeq lost or mislaid, and for allowing Value of the Fishery carried on by Persons in this '»l)* them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to Kingdom from the Island of Newfoundland, nor of the eries‘ give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to miserable State to which it is reduced, therefore they make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Inden- presume to lay before the House an Assurance, that tures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for the said Fishery, under proper Encouragement, has indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the been of Annual Value to this Country of at least One Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions Million and Half of Money, drawn principally from

*u":" ~ Portugal, Spain and Italy, and is the Means whereby

we pay for the Imports of Wine, Oil, Fruits, and other the Produce of the said Kingdoms, and without the Aid of the said Fishery they believe such Imports could not be made; that it is the Means of producing a very large Revenue, and, when in its flourishing State, they verily believe employed not less than 20,000 Men, Subjects of this Realm, fit for, and of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

m

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One proved, the Support of our great Maritime Strength; by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- and that an Act was passed in the Reign of King upon, were agreed to by the House. William and Queen Mary purposely for the Encourage-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ment of the said Fishery, under which Act the said ingrossed. Fishery flourished to a most astonishing Degree, the

Laws and Regulations thereby enacted being equal to Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House every Purpose, and the Persons employed went on on the Report to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, with Spirit, Contentment, and Profit; and that, since h 1>a^>er m to cons|Her of the Report which was made from the the said Act of William and Mary, many Acts have nurturer»a* Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter Borders and passed, which have in more or less Degree been very Company, Henry Isherwood and Company, William prejudicial thereto; that Restrictions have been laid Gough, Abraham Hall, Birch wdOuvry. Joseph Knight, on,-Custom-house established, Civil Courts of Judi-John Tootle, John Owen, Joseph Cox, Joseph Reekes and cature set up, and the Subjects of this Realm deprived Sharp, George Britton, John IVheclcy, Joseph Tayler, of the Benefit of fishing on the Coast of Newfoundland and Benjamin Crompton and Son, the principal Paper from Cape. John to Cape Ray, which they always en-Hanging Manufacturers of Great Britain, was referred, joyed in common with the Subjects of France, and be now read. driven from their valuable Salmon Rivers on the said

Vol. 47. 8 N Coast,

Petition de furred.

Oriad

690 4° — 5°

Coast, which they ever enjoyed exclusively from any other Nation; that their Stoves on their Salmon Rivers were by Force of Arms broke open, plundered, and their Men driven therefrom by the French, all which had been represented to His Majesty's Secretary of State, without any Satisfaction given for the very heavy Losses sustained, and now that valuable Tract, of more than One Half the whole Coast, with all the valuable Salmon Rivers thereon, alrondoned to our natural Rivals in the said Fishery, the French; and that, under the various Acts since that of William and Mary, and the great Bounties and other Encouragements given to our rival Fishery, our Newfoundland Fishery has gradually declined, many of those who flourished under the former Act are become insolvent, or reduced so low as not to be able to carry it on, many, very many, opulent Boatkeepers are reduced to Beggary, and become burthensome to their Parishes, and those now concerned in the Fishery must decline the same, if not relieved by this House; and that, under the specious Pretence of Encouragement to the Fisheries, a new Bill is brought into the House contrary to the general Wishes of the Trade, laying an additional Burthen on the poor Fishermen of a new Duty on Rum, calculated, they presume, for the very Purpose of countenancing the Custom-house, which is now a Burthen by Salaries to this Country, litigious and troublesome to the Traders, and productive of no one Good whatever; that it will establish a Court of Civil Jurisdiction on arbitrary and destructive Principles, leaving the Traders entirely under the Will of the Judge and Assessors, without Appeal to the Courts of Westminster, and thereby depriving them of that valuable Privilege of Trial by Jury, a Situation which they presume must very soon destroy that valuable Trade, for Experience has shewn them what can be done by Official Men in the Island of Newfoundland, and makes them very justly dread any further Power being vested without free Appeal to the Courts of Law at Westminster; and that the Petitioners are ready to prove the Injuries they hereby set forth, with many others sustained arising from the Acts now complained of, and the Bill now ' before the House, should it pass into a Law; And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, that the various Acts so injurious to the Fishery may be repealed, and such other Encouragement given as may restore the Fishery to its former State, and that the Petitioners may be heard, at the Bar of the House, to support this their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the " Fisheries carried on from Great Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing " the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors and others, " employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, ‘* at the End of the Fishing Seasonand for laying an additional Duty on Rum, and other Spirits, imported into the Island of Newfoundland, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Petition from A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Bristol for a of Bristol, concerned in the Fishery and Trade of inquire into ° Newfoundland, was presented to the House, and read;

the Staw of Setting forth, That the Petitioners having already the New- presented to the House a Memorial, stating many Trad^and Hardships and Injuries under which they labour from

Fishery. many Acts now in Force, and the Bill now before

the House, should such pass into ft Law, and praying to be heard against the same at the Bar, now beg Leave to pay, That a Committee may be appointed to inquire into the State erf the Newfoundland Trade and Fishery*

Aprilis. A. IT9Q.

and that the Petitioners may be heard, in Support of their Complaints, and such Relief granted as may seem right to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the L>ay being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill to pro. the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and ren- vide for Ap. der more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An SumtoR* " Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the duction of " End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them ap- National " plied to the Reduction of the National Debt," and to provide for the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Joins, 5* die Aprilis;

Anno 320 Georgii IIP" Itegis, 1792.

P it A Y k k s.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Royal Asm Alolyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black to Bills.

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in tho House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act to enable His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dutchess of York and Albany, and also to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness during the Term of Her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of His said Royal Highness, in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive Him:

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt:

An Act for the better Execution of certain Warrants issued for the apprehending and committing Persons convicted of Offences against the Excise Laws:

An Act for repealing certain Regulations with respect to Certificates on exporting Tea to Ireland or America:

An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise by common Brewers:

An Act to compel Auctioneers to declare whether Sales have been held under the Notices now required to be given by Law:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from The Hoodgate, at the West End of the Town of Middleton in Teesdale, in the County of Durham, to the Gate in the new Inclosures called The Edge, near the Collieries called West Pitts, in the Parish of Saint Andrea's Auckland, in the same County, and also a Branch from the said Road,

‘ at

Mr. Speaker desired to print his Speech to the King.

Leave given the Cirencester Election Committee to adjourn.

House to adjourn to the 17th Instant.

32 Geo. III. 5° v4pr.691

at or near the Head of the Town of to

ston Bridge, over the River Tees:

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapet-en-le-Frith to, or near to,

clough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and also the Road from the Village of H to Afarple Bridge, in the said County, and also the Road from the Village of Glossop to a certain G$te called Claylands in

the Township of Longdendale, on, or near to, the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Mottram to Wood-head ,in the County Palatine of Chester:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Bridge, in

the City of Peterborough, to the Town of Thortiey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for altering the Course of some Part of the said Road:

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of through the

Towns of Langport and Somerton, to and

several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing, amending, and widening certain other Roads within the said County:

An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Ralph Carr, Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Walton in the IVoulds, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, JS!entitleConlradicente, That Mr. Speaker

be desired to print the Speech by him made to His Majesty, in the House of Peers, this Day, upon his presenting to His Majesty the Bill to enable His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of Their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dutchess of York and Albany, and also to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness during the Term of Her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of His said Royal Highness, in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive Him; and also, the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; which then received the Royal Assent.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an n>n for Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of preventing His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the fur- *nof

" ther preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the SeanTen"1 ° " Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Al- Waites,'sce. " lowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Plu=>ed.

" Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing " Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages,

" Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the

Service of Petty Officers and Seamen, on Board " any of His Majesty's Ships;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bill to amend from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ^for theEn the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed couranement in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late of Seamen Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act reported.

" for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the " Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment " of their Wages; and for enabling them more easily u and readily to remit the same for the Support of " their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds " and Abuses attending such Payments;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty's Ships, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and-then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally pat thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Viscount Parker, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Borough erf Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, acquainted the House, That the said Committee, being directed by Act of Parliament not to sit Tomorrow, being Good Friday, and the said Committee having sat Twenty-seven Days, desired, that, instead of adjourning till Saturday next, and from thence to Monday, they might be at Liberty to adjourn from this Day till Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, such Adjournment being with the Consent of all Parties.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee have Leave to adjourn from this Day till Monday Morning next, as desired.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant April.

Vo l. 47.

An ingrossed Bill to revive and continue so much of Bill to revive an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Conveyance of Sheep " ‘nce °onf' between Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, and the Ports of sheep be-Southampton and Portsmouth, and to extend the same tween Cowe*, to Horses and Lambs, and to amend the said Act, was Southampton, read the Third Time. mouthed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Conveyance of Sheep between Coaces, in the Isle of Wight, and the Ports ot Southampton and Portsmouth, and to extend the same to Horses and Lambs, and to amend the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir William Hea do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made Bill relative in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, t"t.be.s"le as relates to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, jo'fry heretofore used as an Office for the Commissioners of privyGard«;u

tllC passed.

692

5° Aprilis.

A. 1792.

the Lottery, and to enable His Majesty to grant the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Corn-said Premisses, was read the Third Time. mon Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of Hin the County of Lincoln: And the same be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in was received; and read the First Time, the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, relates to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore used as an Office for the Commissioners of the Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord- Mersey ami

Lottery, and to enable His Majesty to grant the said ing to Order, a Bill for altering and amending an lrwe11 Kavi*

Premisses. Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for v

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition from Aber-

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the Borough of Aberbrothock, in North Relief to Mi- Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

nisters, Ac. ting forth, That, by certain Law s now in Force, the Pastors or Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, are laid under peculiar Restrictions in the Exercise of their Religious Wor-

of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland.

making the Rivers Mercy (now- called Mersey) and " Irwell Navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster'' and for incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ship, and subjected to Penalties and Forfeitures, which, Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to Kirkby Km-at the Time of passing those Laws, were, no Doubt, whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Naviga-judged necessary for the Security of his late Majesty’s ble Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of West- repor *' Person and Government, but the Circumstances which morlato West Houghton, in the County Palatine of occasioned those penal Statutes do now no longer Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said exist; and that the Persons subjected to those Statutes intended Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near JVarton have given every Proof of their Loyalty which the Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch from, at,

Law has put in their Power, and are well known to or near, Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in entertain Principles most friendly to the Constitution the said County Palatine of Lancaster, was com-and Government of this Country, and tending to pro- mitted; and to whom the Petition of the Company mote its Peace and Welfare, of which the Petitioners of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from Leeds to have full Experience in the Conduct of those of the Liverpool was referred; That the Committee had con-Episcopal Persuasion within their Jurisdiction; and sidered the said Petition, and had examined the Alle-the Petitioners being the refore moved with Sympathy gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; to a respectable Body of their Fellow Citizens, who and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, are deprived of that Toleration which is so freely en- and made several Amendments thereunto, which they joyed by all other Protestant Dissenters in that Part of had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Kingdom, it is their particular Wish, that the the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clemency of the British Legislature may be extended Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: to the Persons above mentioned, and earnestly beseech Where the Report was read.

the House to grant them such Relief from the Hard- A Motion was made, and the Question being proships and Restraints which they at present lie under posed, That the Amendments made by the Committee

as may seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Table.

Petition do lie upon the

Montrose Bridge Bill parsed.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of l'orfar, and for making suitable Approaches thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar, and for making suitable Approaches thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. David Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Shipton Inclosure Bill presented.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividir closing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

to the said Bill be now' read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Wednesday the " 18th Day of this Instant April."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time.

The. said Amendments were accordingly read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments allotting, and in- were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Spranger: will proceed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Mr. Hastin-r' decTtobrin' Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley be added to the House, That their Lordships will proceed further in Trial, in Hemswell Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday the Inclosure in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir 24th Day of this Instant at Ten of the Clock

Thomas Whichcote, Baronet, Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, in the Morning, in WHall.

Francis Swan, Clerk, William Hutton, Esquire, and And then the Messengers withdrew, others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds

in the Parish of Hemswell, in the County of Lincoln. The Lord Apsley presented to the House, according Cira>ce«!fr

to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Re- s,',a!j Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord- covery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Ciren-

Bill.

Ikmswell Inclosure Bill presented.

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the cester,

Cmothome and Minty, Brightxcells, Berrrn,

Rapsgate,

Googh

l

Hexham and Allendale Inclosure Bill presented.

Trevethin and Newport Canal Bill reported.

The Lords have agreed to

Canvey Island Embanking and Drainage Bill.

M iddleton Tyas Lane and Bowes Road Bill.

32 Geo. III. 5° Aprilis. 693

Rapsgate, Bradley, Bisley and Longtree, commonly Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greta Bridge, and from called The Seven Hundreds of Cirencester, in the County thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read of York’, without any Amendment: And also, the First Time. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Knookeln-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open clo*ure Bl11'

and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows,

Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Order, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Parish of in the County of Wilts; without

Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, called any Amendment: And also,

Hexhamshire and Allendale Common, and also the Town The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An North Grim-Fields within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields g°"Inclosure the County of Northumberland, and for stinting the and Grounds within the Parish of North in 1

Depasturing of the other Parts of the said Commons, the East Riding of the County of Yorkwithout any Moor, or Waste Land: And the same was received; Amendment: And also,

and read the First Time. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Leeds and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, Wakefield

of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, Iload Bl ’ The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Com- and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as mittee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the a Navigable Cut or Canal, from, or from some Place County of York; without any Amendment: And near Pontnewynydd, into the River Uske, at or near the also.

Town of Newport, and a Navigable Cut or Canal The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Redmile in-from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common cloM,re Bl11-to, or near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Pa-Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways, rish of Redmile, in the county of ; without

or Stone Roads, from such Navigable Cuts or Canals any Amendment: And also,

to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wyrley and Monmouth and Brecknock, was committed; That the Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Wolverhamp-Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, from, or from near, Wyrley Bank, in the County of y|J| an and found the same to be true; and that the Com- Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham and Amendment, mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, at or near the Town Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and also cer-to report to the House; and he read the Report in his tain Collateral Cuts, therein described, from the said Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the intended Canal; with an Amendment; to which Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Report was read. House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further And then the Messengers withdrew.

Consideration upon Tuesday the 17th Day of this Instant April. Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported Stourbridge

Ordered, That the several Persons, Proprietors of from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging Estates in the Line through which the said Navigable the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Bill reported. Cut or Canal is intended to be made, who petitioned Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the the House upon Friday last, praying to be heard, by Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, be permit- His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading ted to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, cester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, so at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against far as the said Two several Acts relate to the repair-the said Petition. ing of the Roads from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish

The House was moved, That the Petition of the of Hagley and County of Worcester, to the Cross of

Governors, Assistants, and Society of the City of Lon- Hands at Holloway Head, near Birmingham, and from don, of and for the Mines Royal, and of the Gover- The Five Ways to New Street in Jin the

nors, Assistants, and Society of and for the Mineral said County of was committed; That the

and Battery Works, under their Common Seals, which Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, was Yesterday presented to the House, and then or- and found the same to be true, and that the Commitee dered to lie upon the Table until the Report be re- had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-ceived from the Committee to whom the said Bill was ments thereunto, which they had directed him to committed, might be again read. report to the House; and he read the Report in his

And the same being read accordingly; Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Table, until the said Report be taken into further Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

consideration. a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and House.

Mr. Spranger: Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Mr. Speaker, ingrossed.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually embanking, draining, and Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Parish Ap-otherwise improving, the Island of Canvey, in the Order, a Bill for the further Regulation of Parish prentices Bill County of Essex’, without any Amendment: And Apprentices: And the same was received; and read Presented-also, the First Time.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Act to continue the Term of Two Acts, of the Seven- Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

teenth Year of King George the Second, and the Member add-

Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing Ordered, That Sir Charles Ross be added to the to bnner m. the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring &toaTf’ Vox,. 47. 8 O in, Bill.

694

5° Aprilis.

A. 1792.

in, a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of to the City of

Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Theevesford, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow, for altering a Part of the High Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of the Hills, and another Line of Road by the South, and for straightening and making the Roads more convenient, as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of and building a

Bridge over the River Clyde, below the present old Bridge, called Bothwell Bridge, as also, for altering the Road from the Town of Hamilton Eastward, until it joins the great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow.

Liviugstone Sir Charles Boss presented to the House, according

Boa* Bn?* to ^r<*er» a for altering and enlarging the Powers

presented.

of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Theevesford, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow, for altering a Part of the High Boad betwixt Edinburgh and Glas- upon this Day Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant gow, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of April.

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, arid other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are possessed of considerable Estates within the said Manor and Parish, which would be materially prejudiced by the said Bill, if the same should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the stud Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir JBenjamin Hammetpresented to the House, ac- Billfold), cording to Order, a Bill for making the Estates of Bankers and other Traders subject to the Payment of the pSajmeM their Debts after their Decease: And the same was oftbeirMts, received; and read the First Time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

the Hills, and another Line of Road by the South, and for straightening and making the Roads more convenient, as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, below the present old Bridge, called Bothwell Bridge, as also, for altering the Road from the Town of Hamilton Eastward, until it

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of Sir John Call, Baronet, was presented Sir John to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pe- Call'sPetton titioner observes, by the Votes, that several Applies-tions have been made by William Warren, Esquire, ter into Plj. and Thomas Bryer, Esquire, for supplying the Town mouth M

joins the great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow: of Plymouth Dock with Water, and that the House has

And the same was received; and read the First thought proper to institute several Proceedings there-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member add- Ordered, That Mr. Bridgeman be added to the Gened to bring in tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Twelfth Year

Burlton and Knockin Hoads Bill.

on, in consequence whereof a Committee has been appointed to examine the Matter of such Applications, and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and that the Petitioner, jointly with Two other Persons, in the Year 1781, made Proposals to the Lords of the Admiralty, to the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling Office, and to the Board

of Mis present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and of ?«"""> " br‘nSa C0P,0"S, Stream of fresh Wa-keeping in Repair, the Road from Iiurlton in the lnt? Plymouth Dock, and Places adjacent, for the County of Salop, through Knockin to LUmymymch, in Government as well as of private Person,

the same County, and from Knockin to the last End of "b,ch ProPosalJ ^"ugh they were by some of th. the Lkmriader Road, and from Place Carrick Lane to Departments admitted to be of great public Un ity, the Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath, to the East End "ereon0t then accepted; but the Petitioner finds that of Knockin Lane the House was Phased to order that such Proposals of

Burlton and Knockin Roads Bill presented.

the Petitioner should be laid before the House, and

afterwards to direct that the same should be referred to

a . , ~ , - the Consideration of the Committee, who are ap-

to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and alter- inted to c0„sider Proposal, of ttie Mid fp'UliL

ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the ’/fCarcen and Thomas Bryer: And therefore praying,

Mr. Bridgeman presented to the House, according

Twelfth Year of His present Majesty for repairing, That the said Proposal, iade by the Petitioner may widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from abo be examjn(.d inquired j„ order to

Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockm, to the same with lhe other proposal, before men-Llanymynech, »the same County, and from Knockm to tioned> it ahou|d bc found tj)at the PetitionfI.s

the East End of the Llanrmder Road, and from Place Proposal, are preferable to the others, then that the

/ f /f/MM% s* ft* I mi/i f A f U a I a Lc An /i ar\ Ic n* a r% Ur^ '__

Petition against Lewknor Inclosure Bill

Carrick Lane to the Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath, to the East End of Knockin Lane: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of

same may be adopted and carried into Execution, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom it is referred to examine the Reports which were made from the Committees, to whom the Petition of Warren, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others; and also, the Petition of Thomas Bryer, on Behalf of himself and others, were severally referred: And that Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, was presented to they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and re-toe House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for port the same, as it shall appear to them, together with dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition

Petition in favour of Nottingham Canal Bill.

Lottery Bill reported.

Bill for Relief of the Coast Trade, presented.

Consolidated Fund Bill committed.

Bill for amending Laws relating to Flint Glass committed.

State of New-foundland Fishery — and Account of Shipping, &cc. Outwards there, ordered.

695

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of ,iu Common

Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the CromfordCanal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of,

and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to Teport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called the Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise to be transhipped into Lighters for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from Grangemouth to Glasgow: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ' of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 17th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Bill for amending the Laws of Excise relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 17th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of the Newfoundland i Fishery in the Years 1699, 1700, 1701, 1714, 1715, 171b, 1749. >75, 175L 1764* 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, 1769, 1770, 177L 1772, 1773, 1774, 1784, 1785, 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, 1790, and 1791; taken from the

Returns of the Admirals 1 who commanded on that Station.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Shipping arid Trade Outwards at Newfoundland; taken from the ^Navfcl Officers Returns for the Years 1787, 1788, 1789, 1790, and 1791.

Vol. 47.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, pursuant to their state of New. Orders, fonstlmd

A State of the Newfoundland Fishery in the Years 1699» *700, 1701, 1714, 1715, 1716, 1749, 1750, Shipping,&c

1751 > 1764, »765, 1766, 1767, 1768, 1769, 1770, Outward.

1771» 1772, 1773. >774, 1784, 1785, 1786, 1787, the« pre-

1788, 1789, 1790, and 1791; taken from the Returns *" *

of the Admirals who commanded on that Station: And also,

An Account of Shipping and Trade Outwards at Newfoundland; taken from the Naval Officers Returns for the Years 1787, 1788, 1789, 1790, and 179>*

And the Titles of the said State and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said State and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said State and Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said State and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to empower the High Court of Chancery to Bill respect-lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money upon the Oflice. proper Securities, and for applying the Interest to- chancery wards discharging the Expences of the Office of the committed. Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics, was (according to Order) read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commitee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 24th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill for the more effectual Adminis- Day appoint-tration of the Office of a Justice of Peace in such Parts ed for of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Me-tropolis, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday, the 17th Bin.

Day of this Instant April.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Motion for posed, That there be laid before this House, Copies of Intelligence the latest Intelligence received by any of His Majesty’s relat,"S ?° Ministers, or by the East India Company, relating to in|]in the War in India. drawn.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That such a Number of Copies of the Accounts pre- priming Ac-sented to this House, in the Year 1788 and in the Cg""^s°0ffM*r" present Session of Parliament, by Messieurs Wallis and Hastings's r Troivard, of the Expences of the Impeachment of Impeach- Mr. Hastings, and of the Correspondence between the me"t-Managers and the Treasury on the Subject of the Ex- Neg* pences in 1788, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas were directed to go forth.

{Major Scott, 1

Mr. Mailman Trench /None.

Chiswell: J

JThe Lord North, 1

Tellers for the Noes, |Mr. Edward James) 70.

I Eliot: J

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion

696

5° Aprilis.

A. 1792.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* going into a posed. That this House will, upon Wednesday the

consider 18th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Petitions, &c. Committee of the whole House, to take into Consi-relative to deration the several Petitions, Accounts, and Papers, the Royal which have been presented to this House, relative to Scotland!*1 the internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Neg. Scotland:

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 27th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, of the Motion, " That the " several Petitions, and other Accounts and Papers, " presented to this House in the last Parliament, relative to the internal Government of the Royal " Burghs of Scotland, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee," which passed in the Negative, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the said 27th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Resolution of the House, " That this House will, early in the next " Session of Parliament, take into Consideration the " Matter of the Petitions, and other Papers, presented " to this House in the last Parliament, relating to the " internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That this House will, upon Wednesday the 18th Day of this Instant Ajn'il, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the several Petitions, Accounts, and Papers, which have been presented to this House, relative to the internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland;

It passed in the Negative.

Day appointed f7r considering Be* titions, &c. relative to the Jloyal Burghs in Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the 18th Day of this Instant Aprtake into Consideration the Matter of the several Petitions, Accounts, and other Papers, presented to this House in the last Parliament, relating to the internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland.

ted BilUol* ^r* Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported provide for from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Application the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, of an act«li- made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Ma-Keducti<m of jesty>s ^e,gn» intituled, "An Act for vesting certain National " Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quar-Debt, report- " ter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reed- " duction of the National Debt," and to provide for the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, was recommitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Report on Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported ing"theeim-C from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it portation and was referred to consider of the Laws respecting the Exportation Importation and Exportation of Sugar, and the Duties, of Sugar, &c. Drawbacks, and Bounties thereon, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every sworn Broker, residing within the City of London, or the Bills of Mortality, who shall, after the 1st Day of May 1792, buy or sell any Brown or Muscovado Sugar, shall deliver to the Clerk of the Grocers Company, on or before Wednesday in every Week, an Account of the Quantities of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, bought or sold by him in the preceding Week, and of the Price paid for each Quantity; and that the said Clerk shall make up, on or before the Third W ednesdin June next, an Account of the Average Price of such Sugar, to be computed according to the Quantities and Prices of such Sugar bought or sold in the Six Weeks preceding, and in like Manner on or before the Third Wednesday in October next, according to the Quantities and Prices of the Six Weeks then preceding, and in like Manner, in every succeeding Year, on the Third Wednesday in February, the Third Wednesday in June, and the Third Wednesday in October, according to the Quantities and Prices of the Six Weeks then preceding such Days respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations from Great Britain to any Country or Place whatever, except to Ireland, or any other Part of the British Dominions, shall be prohibited for Four Months, from the 23d Day of June next, in case the Average Price of Brown and Muscovado Sugar, taken on the Six Weeks preceding, shall then exceed Sixty Shillings for every Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs, and from the 20th Day of October next, for Four Months, in case such Average Price, taken on the Six Weeks preceding, shall then exceed Fifty-five Shillings for every Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs, and in like Mannar in every succeeding Year, the Exportation of Sugar shall be prohibited as aforesaid for Four Months, from and after the Saturday next following the Third IV°d-nesday in February, June, and October, in case the Average Price, at any of the said Periods respectively, taken on the Six Weeks preceding, shall exceed Fifty Shillings for every Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, as long as the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations from Great Britain shall be so prohibited, it should not be lawful to grant any licence for transporting Sugar directly from any BYiiish Colony or Plantation to any Country in Europe belonging to any Foreign Sovereign or State.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Sugar and Coffee, not of the British Plantations, imported into Great Britain in British-built Ships from any Country not in Europe,

be allowed, upon the Importation thereof, to be Warehoused, under certain Regulations, at the Expence of the Importer, and to be again exported without Payment of any Duties whatsoever; but that, if the same be taken out for Home Consumption, they be subject respectively to the Duties then payable on the Importation of such Articles, not being of the British Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Sugar and Coffee be allowed to be imported into the Port of Nassau, in the Island of Ncio Providence, or some other convenient Port in the Bahama Islands, in Foreign Ships, subject to the Regulations contained in an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for establishing certain Free Ports in the West India Islands, and another Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sugar and Coffee imported into Great Britain, or any of the Dominions of Great Britain, from the said

1

32Gf,o. III.

697

said Port of Nassau, or such other Port in the Bahama Islands as shall be fixed upon, should be deemed Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bay ham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Report; Ex- Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, piring Law*, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,. intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation " of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the " Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, ' " and Santa Lucea, in the Islands of Jamaica, in the

u Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence,

- " one of the Bahama Islands, under certain regulations and Restrictions," which was to continue in Force until the 1st Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was* amended by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of- the Reign of His said Majesty, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 17th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

Ale-house The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Keepers, &c. Reading of the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, deferred8** ma<^e 'n the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of ' the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant April.

Lord* The House proceeded to take into Consideration

An-W the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, inti-and Wolver- An Act for making and maintaining a Navi-

hampton Ca- gable Canal from, or from near, JVyrley Bank, in nal Bill the County of Stafford, to communicate with the Bir-agreed to jningham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts, therein described, from the said intended Canal.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 24. After " them," insert " after such " Water shall have been used " for the working of such Mills " or Engines, as the Owners or

Vol. 47.

" Occupiers of such Lands or Mines " respectively shall think proper " to erect."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Vessels, their Names, and g/f^lI*u^r,-rV Tonnage, and Number of Men, that have arrived from CB in t|'ie Africa in the British West India Islands, between the West India 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1792, Islands, r-distinguishing each Year, with the Number of Slaves <Jertti-imported therein; distinguishing the Men from the Women, and Boys from Girls.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Slaves which have been S,aves im* imported from Africa into the British Jf'cst India or Islands, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5U1 dered.’ of January 1792, distinguishing each Year; and of the Number retained in the British West India Islands, and the Number re-exported thence to the Settlements of Foreign Powers.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Day appo'nt-Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put LandTux in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, inti- (,'ommissinn-tuled, " An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty ers NlinlM " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for Bil *

" the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, be read the Third Time upon Tuesday the 17th Day of this Instant if the said

Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Seven-night, the 17th Day of this Instant April, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

The Speech of Mr. Speaker, this Day, upon pre- Mr. Speak-senting to His Majesty the Bill to enable His er’s Speech to Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment the King-of Their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Dutchess of York and Albany, and also to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness during the Term of Her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of His said Royal Highness, in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive Him; and also, the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; when they received the Royal Assent.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

It is my Duty to tender to Your Majesty Two Bills, in the Name, and on the Behalf of, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled.

In pursuance of Your Majesty’s Recommendation,

Your Commons cheerfully proceeded to make a Provision for the Establishment of Their Royal Highnesses

the Duke and Dutchess of York;and, they trust that

8 P the

608 5e — 17°

A. 1792.

the Bill which they have passed for this Purpose will fully manifest their just Sense of what is due to the Rank and Dignity of their Royal Highnesses, as well as the Satisfaction they derive from an Event which, whilst it promotes the Comfort and Happiness of Your Majesty and Your illustrious Family, is also materially conducive to the Interests and Honour of Your People.

Other Objects, no less interesting to Your Majesty’s Mind, constantly directed as it is to the Welfare of Your Subjects, have also engaged the Attention of Your Commons. The prosperous and improving Condition of the Public Revenue, and the Reductions which have been found practicable in the Naval and Military Establishments, afforded the Means, of which Your Commons thought it their Duty to avail themselves, of making a large Addition to the Fund, to be applied in the Course of the present Year, to the Reduction of the Public Debt: Their Conduct upon this, as upon other Occasions, was governed by the Conviction, that the Efficiency and Success of the Plan, which has been established by Parliament for this important Purpose, must essentially tend to the future Ease, and permanent Security of these Kingdoms. In the Adoption of these Measures, Your Commons have felt peculiar Satisfaction, by finding themselves enabled, at the same Time, to give some immediate Relief to Your Majesty’s Subjects, whose Firmness in sustaining the Burthens, rendered necessary by a due Regard to the Maintenance of Public Credit, and whose Spirit of En-terprize, and useful Industry, have so effectually contributed to advance to the Pre-eminence they have attained, the general Interests and Prosperity of the Empire.

Your Commons, Sire, contemplate with just Satisfaction the continued and progressive Improvement in the internal Situation of the Country: To preserve, augment, and diffuse the Blessings, of which we are in Possession, they consider as the most important of their Duties; and, actuated by this Principle, which comprehends a zealous and firm Attachment to the Form of Government under which we live, and a faithful and vigilant Attention to the Interests and Happiness of all Classes of their Fellow Subjects, they are persuaded that those Measures, which are the Result of it, cannot fail to receive Your Majesty’s most Gracious Approbation.

The Bills, which I have in my Hand, are severally intituled,

" An Act to enable His Majesty to make Provision

for the Establishment of Their Royal Highnesses " the Duke and Dutchess of York and , and

* also to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness " during the Term of Her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of His said Royal Highness, in case Her said Royal Highness shall survive " Him:

" An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of " Four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and " paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of " England, to be by them placed to the Account of " the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National ' " Debt."

To which Your Commons, with all Humility, entreat Y*our Majesty’s Royal Assent.

and in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to or near to Shipley Lane, in the Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and divers other Roads forming the Second, Third, and Fourth Districts of the Roads therein mentioned, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Quandoe's Gate, in the County of Dorset, over Haiokchurch Down, towards the Lyme Regis Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hawkchurch and Whitechurch Cannonicorum, and several other Roads,

in the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rode,

Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Elective Guardians of the Poor, Petition in within the Town and County of the Town of South- t0Q

ampton, was presented to the House, and read; Tak- poorb7°° ing Notice of the Bill for better regulating the Poor of the United Parishes, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, in Support of the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of MancWtr the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, f " and Passages within the Towns of Manchester and " Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and " for providing Fire Engines and Fire-men, and for " preventing Annoyances within the said Towns," and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and for watching the said Towns, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and regulating Carmen and Porters, for widening and rendering more convenient several of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, for opening Communications with some of such Streets, and for regulating Parly Walls within the said Towns, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -burne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Commit- Su Botolph tee, to whom the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of Annuitant! the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the Bl"rePwtol' City of Londofi, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing the Parish Church and building a New Workhouse, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Botolph without in the City of London; and also the Petition of William Leadbetter, Charles Hougham, Peter Charles Schofield, John Russell, Charles Smith, and Thomas Conder, late Churchwardens and Overseers of the

Penn Inn, &c. Roads Bill committed.

Martis, 17° die Aprilis;

Anno 32* Georgii III*" Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

ABILL for continuing the Terms of Two Acts,

passed in the Twenty-seventh' Year of the _______________ ____ ___ __________ ___________

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

- and

Poor of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City of London, and of George Seddon, Thomas Skinner, Samuel Jacam, Thomas Isherwood, Francis Gilding, and John Clarke, Inhabitants of the said Parish, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard the first mentioned Petitioners by their Counsel, and had heard Counsel in Support of the said Bill, and had also considered the second mentioned Petition: and that the Committee had examined the

32 Geo. III.

17° Aprilis.

699

end that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Htxham and A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of Inclosure Bill t^ie Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, committed, called Hexhamshire and Allendale Common, and also the Town Fields within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for stinting the Depasturing of the other Parts of the said Commons, Moor, or Waste Land, was read a Second Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed to the Lord North, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pr. 35. 1. 16.

1. 32. 1- 35-

Pr. 37. 1. 38. Pr. 38. 1. 4. Pr. 55. 1. 8.

Broad Stain An ingrossed Bill for repairing or re-building the Harbour Bill pjer adjoining to the Harbour of Broad Stairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and for the better preserving the said Harbour, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships ' and Vessels within the said Harbour, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3. 1. 6. After " being," to insert, " the " Lord of the Manor of Minster, within the said Isle of Thanet, u for the Time being." Pr. 6.4.17.- After " ," to insert, " or the Lord of the Manor of " Minster aforesaid, for the Time " being."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act 'for repairing or re-building the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broad Stairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and for the better preserving the said Harbour, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the said Harbour.

Ordered, That the Lord North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Nottingham Canal Bill pawed.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts, therein described, from the said intended Canal, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7* L it. To leave out "Turnpike."

1. 14. To leave out " Turnpike."

1. 19. To leave out " Turnpike."

1. 28. To leave out " Turnpike."

Pr. 19. 1. 26. After " Company" to insert " in common Seasons."

Pr. ai. 1. 15. At the End of the Line to add " in common Seasons."

Pr. 22. 1 14. After " Company" to insert " in " common Seasons."

V01. 47.

After " Reservoirs" to insert " hereafter to be made."

To leave out from " Company" to " of," in I. 34.

To leave out from " Engineer" to " is." in I. 37-To leave out " or other Person."

To leave out " or Person."

After " thereto," to insert " or by " any other Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons " interested in any Matter to be " determined by the said Commissioners."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Cromf ord Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts, therein described, from the said intended Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the General Commissioners for Drain- Petition age by the River Witham, regularly assembled under respecting the Powers delegated to them by an Act of Par- the Gran-liament, of the Second Year of the Reign of His Canal present Majesty, for draining and preserving cer- 1 tain Low Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from the High Bridge in the City of coln. through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, on Account of the Flatness of the Country through which the River Witham takes its Course, the Floods of the Winter, especially in dry Seasons, are scarcely sufficient to scour out the Outfall of the said River, and of the Haven of Boston, from the Sullage of the Tides deposited in Summer Time, when the Backwater is insufficient to carry away the same, although they are confined for more than Ten Miles between lofty Banks, in order that they may act upon the Sullage with the greater Force and Efficacy; and that the Petitioners, aware that any Diminution of the Waters committed to their Charge would considerably endanger their Works, and the Drainage, of the adjoining Lands, amounting to more than 100,000 Acres, appointed One of their Number to attend the Proceedings of the Advocates for an intended Navigable Canal from the Town of Grantham to the River Trent; and that, in consequence of various Representations made to the Advocates for the said intended Canal, they resolved not to interfere with the Waters of the River Witham, or of any of the Brooks that feed it, and inserted in their Bill a Clause to protect the same from being applied to the Use of the intended Navigable Canal, but the said protecting Clause was struck out of the said Bill, immediately before it was presented to the House, without the Consent of the Proprietors of the said intended Canal, as the Petitioners have been informed, and certainly without any Notice thereof having been given to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners have good Reason to fear, that the Persons who struck out the said Clause in so unprecedented a Manner, intend to make use of some Part of the Waters of the River Witham, for the Purpose of filling the intended Canal, to the manifest Injury of those who have lent Money, to the Amount of 53,000l. or upwards, on the Faith of the Witham Act, and to the evident endangering of the Works

of

Horneastle Navigation Bill committed.

Hemswell Inclosure Bill committed.

Aynho Inclosure Bill passed.

Whitchurch Poor Hill committed.

Farringdon and Burford Road Bill committed.

Rodmarton, &c. Inclosure Bill committed.

700 17° Aprilis.. . 1792.

of the Petitioners, and the Security of the Lands draining the reby: And therefore, unless the House is pleased to order the said protecting Clause to be restored to the said Bill, praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, and admitted to prove, by their Evidence, the Justice of their Claims to the w hole Waters of the River Witham, founded on the I-’aith of Parliament

and immemorial Usage.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near in the County of Nottingham, is committed.

A Bill for making Navigable the River Bain, and the Branches thereof, from the Town of Horn-castle, to the Junction of the said River with the River

Witham, at or near a Place called Dogdike, and for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the said River Witham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, all in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harrison, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hcmsxcdl, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harrison, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Aynho, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Aynho, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and within such Part of the Parish of Whitchurch, maintaining its own Poor, as lies within the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Egerton, Sir Richard Hill,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of to

Burford, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-sittart, Mr. Potency, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and , Common Fields,- Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, in the County of Gloucester, and also for settling and making certain the Boundaries of the said Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -tart, Mr. Powney, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Wilmot’i Di-Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Esquire, vorce Bill

with Fanny Sainthill, his now Wife, and to enable him comm‘tt*<*-to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read! a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 25th Day, of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, altering, and im- St Bride's proving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Church and Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a *>00r , B|11 Workhouse for the same Parish, was read the Third pMe' Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dp pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint in the City of London, and for providing a Workhouse for the same Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Trevetbin further Consideration the Report which was made and Newport from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or ^tud. from some Place near, Pontnewynydd, into the River Uske, at or near the Town of Newport, and a Navigable Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Navigable Cuts or Canals to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and was committed;

And the House being informed, that the several Persons, Proprietors of Estates in the Line through which the said Navigable Cut or Canal is intended to be made, who petitioned this House upon the 30th Day of March last, praying to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;.

And the House being also informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

And the said Bill was re-committed to the Marquis-of Worcestei', the Lord North, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Petition from Royal Burgh of Banff, was presented to the House, Banff for Re-and read; Setting forth, That, by certain Laws now^to^"j)s' in Force, the Pastors or Ministers, and Lay Persons, th"jEpiecopal of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, are laid Communion under peculiar Restrictions in the Exercise of their "> Scotland.

Religious

3 Geo. III. 1° Aprilk. 701

Religious Worship, which, at the Time of passing those Laws, were judged necessary for the Security of his late Majesty’s Person and Government; and that the Persons thus subjected have given every Proof of their Loyalty which the Law has put in their Power, and are well known to entertain Principles most friendly to the Constitution and Government of this Country, of which the Petitioners have the most perfect Experience: And therefore the Petitioners, moved with Sympathy for a respectable Body of their Fellow' Citizens, beg Leave to request that the Clemency of the British Legislature may be extended to the Persons above mentioned, and such Relief granted, from the Hardships and Disabilities which they at present lie under, as may seem expedient to the House.

Petition from A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council

Relief to ®orough of Fo was also presented to the Minister*, House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners

&c. of the have heard, that a Bill is intended to be brought into

Episcopal Parliament, for the Purpose of relieving the Clergy in Scotland" an<* Laity of the Episcopal Church in Scotland from certain Penal Statutes to which those of that Persuasion are subjected; and the Petitioners think it their Duty to express how agreeable it w'ould be to them, that the Wisdom of Parliament should see it expedient to pass the said Bill into a Law, that thereby Thousands of their Fellow Subjects, of whose dutiful Attachment to His Majesty’s Person and Government the Petitioners are well convinced, and of whose peaceable and quiet Conformity to the Laws of their Country they have Experience, may be freed from those Restraints, which the Petitioners now consider as unnecessary, and may be admitted to partake of that Toleration which is common to other Subjects and Citizens: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into their serious Consideration, and . do therein as they shall think proper.

Petition from A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and Nairn for D°. Community, of the Royal Burgh of North

Bi'itain, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, from Motives of Duty to themselves, of Benevolence towards their Fellow Subjects in Scotland, of the Protestant Episcopal Church, and of anxious Desire to give the British Senate a fresh Opportunity of displaying to the World the revered Excellence of the British Government and Constitution, and of their incessant Labours to render all Ranks of People truly religious, easy, and happy in their Minds, as well as comfortable and prosperous in their Temporal Concerns, do for themselves, and in Name and Behalf of the Community of the Corporation and Borough of Nairn, earnestly request the House in general, as well as their own Representative in particular, to concur and give hearty Support to the Bill brought, or to be soon brought, in this Session, whereof the Object is to obtain Relief to the above-mentioned Class of People, Clergy, and Laity, in Scotland, from certain Pains and Penalties affecting their public Religious Worship; That it being now universally known that all Orders and Degrees, both Clergy and Laity, of the above Church, dutifully acknowledge, and are sincerely attached to the Person and Government of His Majesty, and that they give constant unequivocal Evidence thereof, by praying publicly, by Name, for the King and Royal Family, and do moreover demean themselves in a decent, sober, quiet, and inoffensive manner to the Laws of their Country and all in Authority; the Petitioners therefore beg Leave to reiterate their above Request, not doubting to obtain a gracious Hearing, and an agreeable Issue to the Bill, through the Benevolence and Justice «f the House, as well as of the other Constitutional Branches of the legislature. vol. 47,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Petition from Borough of ForJ'ar, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by certain Laws now Mini*ter*, in Force, the Pastors or Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the of the Episcopal Communion in are laid Episcopal

under peculiar Restrictions in the Exercise of their Religious Worship, and subjected to Penalties and 1 c0 Forfeitures, which, at the Time of passing those Laws, were judged necessary for the Security of his late Majesty’s Person and Government; and that the Circumstances which gave Occasion to those Penal Statutes do now no longer exist, and the Persons subjected to them have given every Proof of their Loyalty which the Law has put in their Power, and are well known to entertain Principles most friendly to the Constitution and Government of this Country, and tending to promote its Peace and Welfare, of which the Petitioners have Experience in the Conduct of those of the Episcopal Communion within their Jurisdiction: And therefore the Petitioners,

moved with Sympathy for a respectable Body of their Fellow Citizens, who are deprived of that Toleration which is so freely enjoyed by all other Protestant Dissenters in that Part of the Kingdom, beg Leave to request that the Clemency of the British Legislature may be extended to the Persons above mentioned, and such Relief granted, from the Hardships and Restraints which they at present lie under, as may seem expedient to the House.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Petition from Burgh of Perth, was likewise presented to the House, Perth for D« and read; Containing^ the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for Kirkby Ken. making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from dal Canal Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland to West Bill passed, Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch, from, at, or near,

Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by Way of Ryder, to authorize Lord Archibald Hamilton to make Side Cuts into the Canal.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vi

Pr. 5. I. 15. After the Second "and" to insert " into."

Pr. 13. 1. 7. After "Canal" to insert " but so

" as not to join or cominunicate with the said Leeds and " Liverpool Canal, without the " Licence and Consent of the " Proprietors thereof, and "

1. 8. After " to" to insert " them. "

Pr. 47. 1. 15. To leave out " Commissioners

" under and by virtue of this " Act, or any Five or more of " them, " and insert " said 8 Q Company

17° Aprilis.

A. 1792.

Burlton and Knockin Roads Bill committed.

1. 21.

l. 36.

Pr. 96. 1. 37.

" Company of Proprietors, " instead thereof.

To leave out " Commissioners, " or any Five or more of " them," and insert " said Company of Proprietors, "instead thereof.

After " sell " to insert their " several Estates and Interests " in."

To leave out sert " One'

Fifty" and inhundred" instead

thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Fees, Rewards, Profits, Commodities, Allowances*, Liberties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, Jurisdictions, and Emoluments* whatsoever, to the said Office in any Manner belonging or appertaining, growing, happening, or arising, to have, enjoy, and receive, Yearly, and every Year, during the said Term of Thirty Years, the said Wages, Fees, and Rewards, to the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to be paid and payable, in Manner, and at the Days and Times, in the said Letters Patent mentioned and appointed; and that, by virtue of the said Letters Patent, the Petitioner entered upon the said Office of Bailiff of Burley on the said 29th Day of March 1786, and hath ever since been, and still is, in the Possession and due Execution of the said Office, and in the Enjoyment and Receipt of the Wages, Fees, Rewards, Profits, Commodities, Allowances, Liberties, Privi-

be. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable leges, Pre-eminences, Jurisdictions, and Emoluments, Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmor- belonging and appertaining thereto, and the Peti-land, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of tioner humbly insists, that he is entitled to hold and Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said receive the same, and every Part thereof, for all the intended Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Residue of the said Term of thirty Years, in and by Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch, from, at, the said Letters Patent granted unto the Petitioner, or near Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near Duwbury, in and now to come therein: That, amongst, other Pro-the said County Palatine of Lancaster. fits and Privileges appertaining to the said Office of

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill Bailiff of Burley, the Petitioner is entitled to the Lops to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. and Tops of Trees cut within Burley Bailiwick, which

consists of Two extensive Walks, called Burley and A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Holmesley Walks, and the Petitioner has also the entire enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Twelfth Year Care and disposal of the Deer, which are very nume-of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rous within the said Walks, except being liable to keepingin Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County serve His Majesty’s own Warrants, and the Petitioner of Salop, through Knockin, to Llatiymynech, in the same has also the Power of appointing the Keepers of the County, and from Knockin to the East End of the said W alks, as well as the Right of receiving, for his Llanriader Road, and from Place Carrick Lane to the own Use, all Forest Rents paid for Pasturage and Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath, to the East End of Commonage within the said Walks; and that the Pe-Knockin Lane, was read a Second Time. titioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill hath lately

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har- been Jirought into the House, for the further Increase rison, Mr. Bridgeman, &c.: And they are to meet this ~ ’

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of Lonsdale's Petition against the Bill for Preservation

A Petition of the Right honourable James Earl of Lonsdale, Bailiff of Burley, in New Forest, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That His present Majesty,

and Preservation of Timber within The New Forest in the County of Southampton, and for the Sale of Rents, and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements in the said Forest; and that the Petitioner hath been advised that many of the Provisions of the said Bill are extremely detrimental to the Interest of the1'. Petitioner as Bailiff of Burley aforesaid: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into

°h TNmber in by Letters Patent under His Exchequer Seal, bearing Consideration, and that the Petitioner may be heard,

the New

Forest.

Bill

into a Law, and that the House will grant to the Petitioner such further and other Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem meet, and the Nature of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the s.aid Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Date at Westminster, the 10th Day of June, in the by his Counsel, against the passing of the said Twenty-fifth Year of His Reign, of his especial: T J 'L ' TT — A

Grace and Favour, for the Considerations, and by the Advice, therein mentioned, did, for Himself, His Heirs and Successors, give and grant unto the Petitioner the Office of Bailiff of Burley, in New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and His said Majesty did thereby make, ordain, and constitute, the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

Bailiff of Burley aforesaid, to hold, exercise, and en-

joy the said Office to the Petitioner, his Executors, The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from Accouittf Administrators, and Assigns, by himself or themselves, the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called b*ter*1r or by his or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, from in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant the 29th Day of March 1786, for and during, and to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, A«nmti

unto the full End and Term of Thirty Years, from An Account of the Monies paid into the Exche-

thence next ensuing, and fully to be complete and quer, in Part of Interest of 187.000l. raised by An-ended; and His said Majesty, of His like especial nuities by Act 29* Georgii Tertii Regis, for the Year Grace and Favour, did, for Himself, His Heirs and ended the 5th Day of April 1792.

Successors, thereby further give and grant unto the And then he withdrew.

Petitioner, for the Exercise of the said Office of Bailiff And the Title of the said Account was read,

of Burley aforesaid, the Yearly Wages or Fee in the The said Account is as followeth; vix.

said Letters Patent mentioned, and all other Wages,

To

32 Geo. III.

17® Apr

703

j To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest of One hundred Eighty-

seven thousand Pounds, raised by Annuities by Act 29* Georgii Regis, for the Year ended the 5th

»il Day of April 179a.

it

is ——

# The Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest on the above Principal Sum of One hundred

Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, amount to the Sum of Four thousand Twenty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings

ana Eleven Pence.

Exchequer,

£ the 17th Day of April 1792. Rose Haworth.

nd

in

K,

'l*

If

lid

k

me*

to

ner

tie

his

nd

'e*

urert

k at [toe-sens itk

ttU

: Id

Cib

beet

n

to tie © ilk

3 tii it it

aitted

Eb5

el*

If

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bill to amend Mr. Wilberforcepresented to the House, according

Hutton to Order, a Bill to extend the Powers and Provisions doeure Act an ^ct> of the Thirtieth Year of His present Ma-presented. jesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York, to the Township of West Ay ton, in the Parish of Hutton Bushell aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act 31 Geo. Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of II. for the En- jjg iate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, of USeamen" " -An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employ-passed. ’ " ed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regu-

" lar Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain " Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them " more easily and readily to remit the same for the " Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the " Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method " for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of " their Wages; and for enabling them more easily " and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing " Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty s Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

BishopWesr- Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom mouth Bridge the Bill for building a Bridge across the River Wear, w»d r^con>' ^rom ®an^s or Shore thereof, in the Parish of n,nr] ' Bishop Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk Wearmouth, in Vo l. 47.

the same County,- was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Westerham Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Road Bill present Majesty, for the repairing, widening, and committed, keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Westerham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfield, to the Village of Titsey, over

Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Walsingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Russell, Mr. Mainwaring, See. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia Pay Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of B‘" passed. Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the' Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Lottery Bill certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was passed, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill so the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

704 17° A ^.1792.

Indemnity ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have were not repugnant to the Laws of the Land; which

Bill p&ued. omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- Charter is subject to Redemption and Power of Revo-ments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or cation, as in the said Act and Charter are mentioned, others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their It also appeared, by another Charter produced to Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and your Committee, dated the 29th of April 1721, that for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to in- his said Majesty incorporated the several Persons in demnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corpora- the first mentioned Charter to be a Corporation for tions, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have the Assurance of Lives against Casualties and Acci-been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, dents by Fire, and to have perpetual Succession, and having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and a Common Seal, by the Name of Royal Exchange for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, with Pow6r stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as to raise a Capital of Five hundred thousand Pounds, have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Exe- and to make Bye Laws, as mentioned in the former cution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and So- Charter. — Then,

licitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants John Lubbock, Esquire, being examined, said, That and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to it would be of public Utility if the said Corporations transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the were empowered to grant, sell, or purchase Annuities Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, upon Lives, which no other Corporation now is, and and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read the granting and purchasing such Annuities are fre-the Third Time. questly in the Hands of improper and necessitous Per-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title sons, who make an exorbitant Gain thereby, to the

be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omit- great Detriment of Individuals, and the Public in ge-

ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- neral, which would be in a great Measure (if not ments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or wholly) prevented, if a known Office, long establish-

others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their ed, was empowered so to do; and that the Powers

Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and granted by the said Charters should be extended and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to enlarged to the granting, selling, or purchasing of indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corpora- Annuities upon Lives; and in order thereto, it will tions, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have be necessary that the present Corporation should be been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, empowered to take and use some other Name of Inhaving been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and corporation for the Purposes aforesaid, with Power to for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly make, alter, and renew’ a Seal, or Seals, for such Pur-stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as pose; and that the falsely making, forging, counter-have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Exe- feiting, or altering such Seal, or Seals, should be attended cution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Soli- with a Penalty, or other Punishment.

citors; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Of- William Esquire, being also examined,

fleers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit corroborated the Evidence of Mr. Lubbock.

Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of Ordered, That Leave be piven to bring in a Bill to the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for enable The Royal Exchange Assurance Company, and giving further Time for that Purpose; and for allow- their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities ing further Time to such Persons as have omitted to upon Lives: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill Ordered, That there be laid, before this House, an to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Account of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on p^Idenc.

the 5th Day of April 1792, after satisfying all Charges Royal Ex- Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to and Incumbrances thereupon. ranceCom-" w^om the Petition of the Governor, Sub-Governor, *

pany’s l'eti- Deputy Governor, and Directors of The. Royal Ex- The House waa moved, That the Order, made upon siaveTr»dt. tion reported, change Assurance, was referred; That the Committee the 4th Day of this Instant April, for the House to re- deferred, had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, had directed hint to report the same, as it appeared to Tomorrow, to consider of Measures to be taken for

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Sub-

Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s jects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa,

Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol- might be read.

loweth; vis . And the said Order being read accordingly;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom*

George the First, for better securing certain Powers ing next, resolve itself into the said. Committee, and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by Two Charters for Assurance of Ships and An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effec- Bill to pro-Merchandises at Sea, and for lending Money on Bot- tual, an Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year, of His vuleforAP tomry, and for restraining several extravagant and present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vest-unreasonable Practices therein named, was read. " ing certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of sumtoRe-

And it appeared, by a Charter produced to your " every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to ductionnf Committee, dated the 22d Day of June 1720, that " the Reduction of the National Debt," and to pro-his said Majesty incorporated divers Persons therein vide for the Application of an additional Sum to the named to be a Corporation in Deed and in Name, and Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, to have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, was read the Third Time.

by the Name of The Royal Exchange Assurance, for Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an for lending Money upon Bottomry, with Power to Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present raise a Capital of One million Five hundred thousand Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting cer-Pounds, and to make Bye Laws and Regulations for " tain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every the good Government thereof, so that such Bye Laws " Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the

" Reduction

Middlesex Justices Bill committed-

Account of Vessels arrived from Africa in the West India Islands, and of Slaves imported and re-exported, ordered.

Committee on Jamaica, Ac- Free Ports Act.

Cheslyn Inclosure Bill passed.

32 Gf.o. III. 17° April*

705

" Reduction of the National Debt," and to provide for the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, that have arrived from Africa in the British West India Islands, between the 5th Day of January 1789 and the 5th Day of January 1792, with the Number of Slaves imported therein, distinguishing each Year, from what Part of the Coast taken on Board, and at what Island in the West Indies landed, also distinguishing the Men from the Women, and the Boys from the Girls; together with the Number of Negroes that died from the Time of their being taken on Board until their Arrival in the West Indies, distinguishing the Males from Females, and the Boys from the Girls; together with the Number of Negroes reexported in each Year from each Island respectively, and th'e Number retained each Year in each Island respectively, so far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego " Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, " in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and " in the Port of Nassau in the Island of " dence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open ana Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, called Cheslyn Common, in the Liberties of Great Saredon, Little Saredon, and Great Wyrley, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, called Cheslyn Common, in the Liberties of Great Sare-Vot. 47.

don, Little Saredon, and Great Wyrley, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and of

others, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates through ftgajog* Tre-which a Navigable Cut or Canal is intended to be vethinand made from, or from some Place near, Pontneaynydd Newport into the River Uske, at or near the Town of , Cana* Bl*’*

and a Navigable Cut or Canal from the same at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near to,

Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of , and for

making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Cuts or Canals to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have perused a Bill depending in the House for making and maintaining the said Cuts or Canals, Railways, and Stone Roads, the making and maintaining of which would be highly prejudicial to the Estates, Property, and Interest of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be beard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near Pontnervynydd, into the River Uske, at or near the Town of Newport, and a Navigable Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Ciyndau Farm, to, or near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Navigable Cuts or Canals to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, is re-committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think tit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing Day appoint-certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, ed io\, J(i Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lewknor b>-Lands or Grounds, within the Divisions of Lcwkrnr closure Bill, and Post comb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor,' in the County of Oxford, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two.

Resolved, That this House will upon Friday Morn- Bill relating ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *° Hint Glass House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws of Ex- e erre ' cise relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for rectify- ^awl T" ing Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session Bill deferred, of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting . an " Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised *' in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year Otie " tivwsaod Seven hundred and.Ninety-one," and for

8 R appointing

appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18* die Aprilis i

Anno 32* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1792.

Praties.

Quick'sName A /f R. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Bill reported. XVjL the Bill to enable Nutcombe Quick, of Nutcombe, in the County of Devon, Clerk, and his First and other Sons and their Issue Male, and his Daughters and their Issue, to take and use the» Surname of according to the last Will and T estament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report- in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hessle, Anla- Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to by, &c. In- whom the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Drainage" Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Petition re- Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, Commons, Ings, ported. Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Anlaby, and

Tranby, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and of the Owners and Proprietors of ancient inclosed Lands, within the several Townships or Hamlets above mentioned, and also in in

the same County, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Codd being examined, said, That within' the said Townships there are several Open, Common, Arable, or Tillage Fields and Lands, and several Common Pastures, Ings, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in which the Lands of the Proprietors lie intermixed, and the said Ings, Meadows, and Pastures-are frequently Overflowed, and are in their present State capable of little or no Improvement — That if the said Fields and Lands were divided and inclosed, and tire said Commons, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds were drained, divided, and inclosed, great Advantage would accrue to all Persons interested therein — That there are certain ancient in-

closed Lands within the said Townships which pay Tythes in Kind, and the Proprietors are desirous the same should be exonerated therefrom, and a Money Payment charged upon the said Lands in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Hessle, Anlaby, and , in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for making a Compensation in lieu of Tythe for certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said several Townships of Hamlets, and also within the Township or Hamlet of Woojerton, in the same County: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. Samuel Thornton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the st. Botolph Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City Annuitant of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging Bill the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a new Workhouse, was fead the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a New Workhouse.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Fourth Year port5"t8!' of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act command " for the better paving of the Streets and Lanes, and " for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances in " that part of the Parish of Portsca, in the County of tl Southampton, commonly called Portsmouth ,"

and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Francis,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Shiptoulo. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow, closur* Bill Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and comnut ' Grounds, in the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, the Lord Palmerston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Walwyn reported from the Committee, to whom Hertford & tire Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral tWnl Church of Hereford was referred; That the Committee tionrtpwl<<1' had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is aft followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Reverend Doctor Napleton being examined^ said That in the Year 1786, the West End of the said Church fell down, and the other Parts are in a decayed and ruinous State — That the Sum of 2,000l. and upwards (above the Sum of 6,029/. 9 received by voluntary Contribution, and the Produce of their Fabrick Fund) has been expended in restoring the said West End, and it -will require the farther Sum of 5*600l. and upwards, to complete the said West-End, and t)ie necessary Repairs of the other Parts of the Cathedral — That the Average Income of the

s Fabrick

32 Geo. III.

18° Aprilis.

707

Fabrick Estates does not exceed 200l. and there is no Brooks which have immemorially emptied themselves other Fund out of which the Dean and Chapter have info the River by Means of which the Navi-

a Right to apply any Sum for re-building and repair- gation on the said River has always been fed and sup-ing the said Church — That the said Dean and Chapter plied with Water, and the Petitioners are of Opinion, are desirous of raising a Sum, not exceeding 4,000l. that the Loss of any such Streams will essentially in-upon Mortgage of Other Estates, out of which the In- jure, if not destroy, their Navigation, and that the come of the Dean and Chapter of the said Cathedral Promoters and Friends of the said intended Canal

Church for the Time being arises.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hertford to re-build the West End of the Cathedral Church of Hertford,

Syerstone Inclosure Dill presented.

Tealby Inclosure Bill reported.

have not any just Pretence whatever to seize upon and deprive them of their accustomed Use of the said Streams; And therefore praying, That the House

_______ _______________ , will take the same into their seriouB Consideration, and

and to repair other Parts thereof: And that Mr. Wal- that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, against wyn and Sir George CornewaUdo prepare, and bring the said Bill.

in, the same. A Petition of several Proprietors of Estates situate Petition

near and drained by the River in the County against

Mr. Gaily Knight presented to the House, accord- of Lincoln, was also presented to the House, and read; ing to Order,_ a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Setting forth, That upwards of 200,000 Acres of Low 1 ~ ’ Land are drained and made very profitable by Means

of the River Witham, and the Petitioners have been taught, by Experience, that the Outfall of the said River, on which the Safety of their Estates essentially and absolutely depends, cannot be kept open but by carefully preserving the living, and confining the Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Flood Waters, to scour out the Sand and Silt brought whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open in by the Tide; and that, though great Care is taken

to prevent Waste, the Supply of Water is not more than sufficient for Cattle in dry Seasons, and a large

Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Syerston, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition from the General Commissioners for Navigation by the River Witham against Grantham Canal Bill.

Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tealby, otherwise Tevilby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the General Commissioners for Navigation by the River Witham, on Behalf of themselves, the Creditors of the said Trust, and other Persons interested in the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade carried on by Means of the Navigation on the River Witham is of considerable Consequence to the Petitioners, to a large Extent of Country through which it passes, and to divers Persons who have lent

Tract of Country, contiguous to the said River, would be much depreciated, was it deprived of the immemorial Use of what is so necessary to the Occupation of it; and that, even-in Winter (except in wet Years) the Quantity of Water is found insufficient to cleanse the Outfall, and consequently every Diversion or Diminution of that Quantity must be extremely injurious to the Country: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against a Bill now pending before the House, for Leave to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near Ratcliff e, in the County of Nottingham, and to supply it with Water, by seizing, without any Appearance of Right or Justice, on some of those Streams which now, and immemorially have, by emptying themselves into the said River Witham, their natural Outfall, contributed materially to the Convenience and Preservation of the Country.

A Petition of William Dickinson Rastall, Esquire, Petition from Lord of the Manor of Claypole, in the County of Lin- Mr. Ratull coin, and Proprietor of a very valuable Corn Mill, yl’

situate upon the River Witham, in the said County of ^Inst Lincoln, and also, of several other Persons, Owners and Occupiers of Lands adjoining, upon, and near to, the said River Witham, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find a Bill is depending in the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Point or

large Suuib of Money on Credit of the Tolls thereof; Place near to the Town of Grantham, in the County of and that the said River has immemorially been sup- Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near to the Town of plied with Water by small Brooks or Streams running in the said County of and the Peti-

into the same, which Supply is so scanty, that though tioners are informed that it is the Intention of the PrO-the utmost Care is taken to prevent any Waste of prietors of the said Canal to intercept and take away great Water, particularly at the Outfall, there is barely suf- Part of the Water out of the said River for

ficiont to support the Navigation, every Division there- the Purpose of supplying the said Canal with Water; fore of the Water flowing down any of those Streams and that there is situate at Claypole, and near to the must absolutely ruin the said Navigation, and essen- said River a very valuable and useful Water

tidily injure all Persons interested therein, and that, Corn Mill, and which is the only one within a great

even in Winter (except in wet Years) the Quantity of Water flowing down the said River is insufficient perfectly to cleanse the Outfall; and that the Petitioners have with much Surprize seen that a Bill is now depending before the House, for Leave to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at

many Miles of Claypole aforesaid, and the neighbouring Towns and Villages thereabouts, and there is also a very large Cotton Mill now nearly erected and built at Claypole aforesaid contiguous to the said Water Corn Mill, and on the said River Witham, which Mills are supplied with Water from the said Stream, and will be at least materially injured, if not wholly

or near Ratclffe, in the County of Nottingham, and to destroyed, by the taking any of the Water out of the

supply the same with Water, by diverting and turn- said River Witham: And therefore praying the House ing into the said Canal the Streams of some of those to take into their most serious Consideration the great vot. 47. Injury

18° Apr

A. 1792.

Injury which is likely to arise to the Proprietors of the and for otherwise regulating, making, and repwring said Mills, and to the Owners and Occupiers of Land High Roads and Bridges in the said County, was read adjoining upon, and near to, the said River Witham the Third Time.

and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law in its present Form.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near in the County of is committed;

and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

CC

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 8. After " Cathca to insert " those " Parts of the Parish of , which lie within the County of being considered as annexed to the " Parish of Cathcart, in as far as " concern or relate to the Purposes " of this Act.’*

Pr. 8. 1. 4- After " June," to insert " And."

1. 5. To leave out " and at Govan, on the " Second Wednesday in May."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour

presented.

in the County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion St.Cuthbert’s sir John Trevelyan presented to the House, accord- Money in lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and for Inclosure Bill ing tQ Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads closing a Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of and Bridges in the said County, the Forest of Mendip, lying within the Manors of East Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Stewart do carry the Bill Horrington and Chilcot, in the Out Parish of Saint C- to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. bert in Wells, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in

Liverpool Church Bill presented.

the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the committal. " Rivers Mercy (now called Mersey) and Irwell " Navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the " County Palatine of Lancaster," and for incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate, was read a Second Time.

Petition against the Bill to amend Act 15 Geo. III. for Encouragement of the Fisheries.

Colonel Tarleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Church or Chapel within the Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

AT>.. , Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas

A Petition of the Merchants trading to andcarry- Mf Blackburn &c.. And they are meet

ing on the Fishery in the Island of Newfoundland, from at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

the Ports on the River Clyde, was presented to the (Chamber House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners are much alarmed at the Contents of a Bill now in the House, which contains Matter that they conceive will, if not utterly ruin, very much diminish, the Newfoundland Trade in which they are engaged; and Re- yost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of

Mr. William McDowall reported from the Com- Glugow mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Pro- Poflce®:

ordered.

presenting to the House, that the said Trade is in a very reduced and declining State, from the many Burthens and Restrictions imposed thereon of late Years, and they are convinced, that, if the House would take into Consideration, and inquire into the Causes of such Reduction, and into the whole State and Nature of the said Trade, instead of new Laws and Restrictions which will inevitably tend to the Ruin of the Trade, the House w'ould be induced to ease them of the Burthens and Difficulties under which they labour: And therefore praying, That the Bill now in the House may not pass into a Law, and that the House will, themselves, institute an Inquiry into

Glasgow, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several printed Newspapers, called The Glasgow Courier, Glasgmo Advertiser, and G were produced to your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a

Renfrew Statute Labour Bill patted.

the State and Means of the said Trade, and pass such Bill for opening certain new Streets, for paving, light-I<aws as they may think necessary for its Relief and ing, watching, and cleansing the Streets, and for re-Protection. gulating the Police and Markets, for disposing of the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Glebe of the High Church of the said City by Con-until the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Fifteenth tracts of Ground Annual, for extending the Royalty Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled of the said City over certain adjoining Lands, and for " An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries car- giving certain Powers to the Magistrates of Glasgow " ried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British for the Benefit of the said City, are inserted, agreeable " Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return to the Leave granted by the House upon the 13th " of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in Day of March last.

" the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End - And it appeared to your Committee, by an Affiof the Fishing Season;" and for laying an addi- davit of the Clerk of the Peace for the City of Glas-tional Duty on Rum, and other Spirits, imported into gow, that agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the Island of Newfoundland, be read a Second Time. the like Notice of Application had been affixed on the Door of the Session House at Glasgow, at the An ingrossed Bill for making effectual the Statute adjourned Session held there, on the 20th Day of the Labour in the County of Renfrew, and for levying said Month of March.

Conversion Money iu lieu of Labour in certain Cases, . The House was moved, that the Report, which,

upon

32 Geo. III. 18°

709

he"

til

a

al

C&i

h\

ilt

fe

C®

ttt

M

t!tt

rii

upon the 13th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening certain new Streets in the City of Glasgow', and certain Streets and Avenues leading to the same, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and Passages thereof, for regulating the Police and Markets, for raising proper Funds for those Purposes, and for disposing of the Glebe belonging to the High Church, in the said City, by Contracts of Ground Annual: And that Mr.

McDoivall and Sir Janies Steuart Denham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Livingstone A Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of committed. His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotls, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at or near Theevesford, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of >, for altering a

Part of the High Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of the Hills, and another Line of Road by the South, and for straightening and making the Roads more convenient, as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde below the present old Bridge, called Bothuell Bridge, as also for altering the Road from the Town of Hamilton Eastward, until it joins the great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William McDouall, Mr. Hope, See. :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bill to amend Act respecting Hackney Coaches, See, presented.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackne[vy] Coaches and Chairs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Provincial Synod of Glasgow and Ayr, was presented to the House, and read; Praying for an immediate Abolition of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

Mr. Philipps presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Roads, and public Passages, and for widening and making the same more commodious, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tydd Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tydd Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Aberdeen, Montrose, Brechin, Aberbrothock, and Inverbervie, in the Room of Alexander Callander, Esquire, deceased.

The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1792, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

(LS-

if Cl'£

Iff!

‘U . e'%'

cia

IV fe

'V'.-rPT

TtU-11?

I It

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1792, after satisfying

all Charges and Incumbrances thereon.

The Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1792, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereon, amounts to the Sum of Six hundred and Eighty-six thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two Pence.

Exchequer, the 18th Day of April 1792.

Wm Rose Haworth.

louse-

of* Vol. 47- 8 S Ordered,

niii

Petition for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Carmarthen Gaol and Paving, See. Bill presented.

Tydd Saint Mary's Inclosure Bill passed.

Aberdeen, Montrose, &c. Writ.

Account of Consolidated Fund presented.

Ford and La-wick Roads Bill committed.

Committee on Consolidated Fund Bill.

Report oil Jamaica, &c Free Forts Act.

710 18° Aprilis.^4. 1792.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom thfe Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, is committed.

A Bill for repairing and improving the Roads leading from Cornhi.ll Burn, by and Flodden

Lane, to Mil(field March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to

Lowic/c, and also from Ford Bridge through to

Duddoe Burn, otherwise Homey Burn, adjoining to the Berwick Turnpike Road, and also for shutting up and stopping certain Bye Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Sinclair, Sir James St. Clair Erskine, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders lost, burnt, or otherwise distroyed.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported . from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston,

" nah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the " Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the " Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island " of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the

"Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands,

"under certain Regulations and Restrictions," the

Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vix.

Resolved, That it is thfe Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation " of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the

Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay,

" and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the

Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the " Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence,

" one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulatitions and Restrictions," which was to continue in Force until the 1st Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was amended by an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in the same.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- pP? ing to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws therein pr^nt^ mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Laud Tu Reading of the ingrossed Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, ap- uiiipmsti pointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to " His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-one," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for indemnifying Persons who acted as Commissioners without being named in the former Act, and to legalize their Proceedings.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of " several

Til

Matter of Petitions, 4cc. relative to the Royal Burghs in Scotland, considered.

Motion for referring Petitions, &c. to a Committee.

Neg.

52 Geo. III.

18° — 19° — 20°

several of the Commissioners, appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- vice-of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-one, " and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Matter of the several Petitions, Accounts, and other Papers, presented to this House in the last Parliament, relating to the internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 27th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, of the Resolution of the House, " That this House will, early in the next " Session of Parliament, take into Consideration the " Matter of the Petitions, and other Papers, presented " to this House in the last Parliament, relating to u the internal Government of the Royal Burghs in 41 Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed , That this House, having received Petitions from Forty-six of the Royal Burghs of Scotland complaining of various Grievances in the Government of the said Burghs, and the House, after taking the same into Consideration, having, on the 17th of February 1788, ordered, that Notarial Copies and Setts of the Royal Burghs should be laid before this House, and then having made several other Orders for Accounts of the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax levied in the said Burghs, and of the Sums of Money paid to the Receiver General on Account of the same, and for Accounts of the Revenues of the said Burghs, and for Accounts of the Lands of the said Burghs alienated since the Union; and, in Obedience to the said Orders, such Accounts having been laid before this House, it is incumbent on this House to proceed to the Examination of the said Papers and Accounts, in such Mode as shall best ascertain whether the Grievances complained of are true, and what Remedy the House ought to apply to such Grievances.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the several Petitions, and other Accounts and Papers, presented to this House in the last Parliament, relative to the internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Sheridan, 1 Major Maitland: J '

Sir James St. Clair 1 ' Erskine, *

[Mr.:

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 47.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- committee vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on the Public House, to consider further of so much of His Ma- Income ami jesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parlia- & *^de ftfr red ’ ment as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jams, 19* die Aprilis;

Anno 32* Georgii III'" Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Consideration the Petition of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire; tion of Steyn and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Seventy-one Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr.

Speaker till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Petitions deferred.

Veneris, 20° die Aprilis;

Anno 32* Georgii III. U Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- g.

tion the Petition of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire; Election Pe-and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose titions consi-Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Bo- dered> rough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

6 9.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Manufacturing of Sope; without any Amendment: And also,

The

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for pre-Tenting Frauds in the Excise with respect to Sope.

712

20° Aprilis.

A. 1792.

Bill relative The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Wood the Lottery0' to repea^ 80 much of an Act, made in the Twenty- in the County of Lincoln; without any Amend- Tb» Lord*

v°°’' ment: And also, "*

Office in Pri- seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to vy Garden, the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore used as an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery, and to enable His Majesty to grant the said Premisses; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Sir eights, and to amend the -Laws now in Force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Greenland and Davis's Streights Fisheries Bill.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Blackbumu for vesting a Leasehold Estate, late of John - Estate Bill. hurne, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in the Manner therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bowes and Sunderland Hoad Bill.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Proceedings One hundred and Eight Members being present; Steyning

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions,

Election Petition.

Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers complaining of an undue Election and Return for the

of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from the Town of , in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb-Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence, by

Melderston-G ill, otherwise C, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into one, and

Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Ten Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Fourteen other Members, then

for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Re- present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

pair

also,

the said Road; without any Amendment: And

Bank of Scotland Bill.

Keelmens

Bill,

And the Name of Gibbs Crawfurd, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Twenty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty-six other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Eleven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Six against whose Election Petitions were depending; Four on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Twenty-five on Account

Buckingham and llauwell Road Bill,

Brough and Ellouglit*>n Road Bill.

Broadwei! Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, employed in the Coal Trade on the River Wear, in the County of Durham, w ho, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the ed, the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Ninth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham to

the North Extent of the Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from the Low Water " Mark of the River Humber, at or near Brough Ferry,

" in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of " the County of York, to the North End of the Town " of Brough, and from thence, through South Cave,

" to Coney Clappers, in SouthNewbald Holmes, in the said Riding; " without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

of having in this Session served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being open-

A Petition of Daniel Mashborne, one of the Pro- Mr. Mash-prietors of Estates in the Division of Postcomb, in the tome’s l’eti-Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting ciMUre p, forth, That the Petitioner being applied to to sign a Petition to the House, for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, and being convinced that such an Inclosure would be a Prejudice, and not an Advantage, to the Estates, he refused to sign, but it being stated to him, that all the Proprietors, except One, w ished for the Inclosure to take Place, and would sign it, he, unwilling to thw-art what he thought the Wishes of the other Proprietors, though attended with Preju-

Wood Ender* by Inclosurt

Bill.

cy 7 / i ' j

Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common dice to himself, signed the Petition; but, finding that Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com- a great Number of the Proprietors are averse to the monable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Pa- Act s taking Place, and as he would be materially rish of Broadwell, in the County of Gloucester; without prejudiced by the said Bill, should it pass into a Law,

any Amendment: And also, therefore praying, That he may be at Liberty to with-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An draw the Petition signed by him, and that he may be Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill,

Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common Meadows, and

that the same may not pass into a Law, or that

the

32 Geo. III.

20® Apr

713

a

the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Pre- " at the End of the Fishing Season;’* and for laying raises as to the House shall seem meet. an additional Duty on Rum, and other Spirits, im-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the ported into the Island of Newfoundland, be read a Table. Second Time.

closure Bill.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are EstateB in thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Lewknornand others, Owners of Estates within the Divisions of Adwell Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of against Lewknor, and within the Manor and Parish of Adwell,

Lawknor In- in jje County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the county of ; and Setting forth,

That the Petitioners are possessed of considerable Estates within the said Manors and Parishes of Lewknor and Adwell, or One of them, which would be materially prejudiced by the said Bill, if the same should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they maybe heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a 'Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Walrvyn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to re-build the West End of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and to repair other Parts thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, and of the few remaining Boat Keepers, trading to, and concerned in, the Newfoundland Fishery, from the Towns of Teingmouth, Newton Bushell, the Parishes adjacent, the Towns and Villages in and near Torbay, &c. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are much alarmed at the Contents of a Bill now in the House, which contains Matters that they fear will, if not utterly ruin, very much diminish, the Newfoundland Trade in which they are engaged; and Representing to the House, that the said Trade is now in a very reduced and declining State, from the many Burthens and Restrictions imposed thereon of late Years, and they are convinced, that, if the House would take it into due Consideration, and inquire into the Causes of such Reductions, and into- the whole State and Nature of the said Trade, instead of passing new Laws and Restrictions, which will inevitably tend to the Ruin of the Trade, the House would be induced to ease them of the Burthens and Difficulties under which they already labour: And therefore praying, That the Bill now in the House may not pass into a Law, and that the House would, themselves, institute an Inquiry into the State and Means of the said Trade, and pass such Laws as would be found necessary for its Relief and Protection.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the " Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and " the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing " the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, " employed in the sffid Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, Vol. 47.

lot

ID-

d

d Hereford Ca-

& thedral Bill

m presented.

i'iUSt *4 i

1 *

JJiul [» Petition

against the

kir Bill to amend

Act for En-

eth couragement

OKt of the

T Fisheries.

Pr>'5

f 1

W

La* )f

CCS

[Os

las'

Sis

lw- jtis

to W

sialf

li*<

with*

iv K

1 JW

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Worcester whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment Poor, Jtc. Bill of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City reported, of Worcester, and of such Parishes as are Part within the City of Worcester, and Part within the County of Worcester, and of the Parish of Saint Michael in

Bedwardine, in the County of Worcester, and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of such Parishes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Worcester, and the Suburbs thereof; and also, the Petition of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Michael in Bedwardine, in the County of Worcester, who are assessed to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish; and also, the Petition of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish of Peter the Great, who pay to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and of the Owners of Land within the said Parish, were severally referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Samuel Thornton presented to the House, ac- Ilessle, An-cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, drain- &c- In-ing, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the preSeuted. several Townships or Hamlets of Hess/e, Anlaby, and Tranby, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for making a Compensation in lieu of Tythe for certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said several Townships or Hamlets, and also within the Township or Hamlet of Woofer ton, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the Counties of Berks and Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 19th Day of March last, Notice of the Application to Parliament for a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Thames, between Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, and Pangbouim, in the County of Berks, was given at

the last Easter Sessions for the said Counties of Oxford and Berks, and also by Advertisement in the Newspapers called Jackson's Oxford Journal and The Reading Mercury, in the Month of March last, and in the present Month of April, in such and the like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relating to Bills for building Bridges: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building the said Bridge, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

8T And

Petition signifying that Notices had been given of the Application for Whitchurch Bridge Bill.

Grantham Canal Bill reported; withdrawn; and another ordered.

714

And it is referred to Mr. V the Lord,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near in

the County of Nottingham, was committed; and to

Ap

A. 1792.

was directed by the Committee to move the House, that the said Bill be withdrawn: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill, and present another Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin and Mr. Asheion Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the said Bilk

Mr. Fydell reported from the Comibittee, to whom Boston H*. the BUI for amending an Act, of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Haven and Har- repo

whom the Petition of Ante and Emma Charlton, Ladies bour oi Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for regu-of the Manors of Staunton, Flawborough, and Alverton, x ^ing the Mooring and removing of Ships and other in the County of Nottingham, and of several other Ve9scl.s w,£‘n the sald Haven Harbour, and for Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being removing Obstructions therein, was committed; That greatly interested in the Waters of the River Devon: Committee had examined the Allegations of the

and also, the Petition of several Trustees for putting and f°bnd the same to be true; and that the

in Execution Two Acts made, one in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Geoi'ge the Second, and the other in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also of several of the Creditors who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising by the said Acts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees and Creditors respectively; and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of . Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and of the several

other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Inhabitants of the said Borough; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Lincoln, and also of the several other Persons whose Names arc thereunder subscribed, Inhabitants of the said City; and also, the Petition of Richard Ellison, of Thorne, in the County of York-, and also, the Petition of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of _

Estates, Merchants, and Tradesmen, in and near the was committed; That the Committee had

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Chute presented to the House, according to Monk $b-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, borne Indo-the Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands p"^n|e(| within the Common Fields only, in the Parish of p Monk Sherborne, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fydell reported from the Committee, to whom Boston the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise having Bill improving, the Borough of Boston, in the County tepcned'

Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Notting-

ham; and also, the Petition of several Persons, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, in the County of Lincoln, draining by the River Witham, or using the Navigation thereof, or of the Fosdyke, Canal, within the said County, now resident in London; and also, the Petition of the Gentry, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham; and also, the Petition of the General Commissioners for Drainage by the River William, regularly assembled under the Powers delegated to them by an Act of Parliament, of the Second , Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table, where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendtrients, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining Sleaford Ni-a Navigation from Sleaford Castle through vigation BfJ

County of Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Town of Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, along I’11556'1, the Navigation of the said River, from the High Bridge, the Course of Sleaford Mill Stream, and Eau,

in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the River Witham, at or nSar Chappel Hill, in the to the Sea; and also, the Petition of the General same County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Naviga-

Commissioners for Navigation by the River Witham, on Behalf of themselves, the Creditors of the said Trust, and other Persons interested in the said Navigation; and also, the Petition of severed Proprie-

tors of Estates situate near, and drained by, the River tion from Sleaford Castle through the Town

Witham, in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Peti- of Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, along the Course tion of William Dickinson Rastall, Esquire, Lord of the oi Sleaford Mill Stream, and Kyme Eau, to the River Manor o iClaypole, in the County of Lincoln, and Pro- Witham, at or near Chappel in the same County prietor of a very valuable Corn Mill, situate upon the and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting the River Witham, in the said County of Lincoln, and also sa'd Navigation.

of several other Persons, Owners and Occupiers of Lands adjoining, upon, and near to, the said River Witham, were severally referred; That the Committee had directed him to report to the House, that

Ordered, That Mr. Fydell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Fydell do make thejleport from Mr. Fv

re port Weil

the said Bill was not properly prepared, so as to answer the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in all the Purposes for which it was intended, and that he closing the Open Fields, and other Commonable and

Waste

32 Geo. III.

20° Apr

715

[p:

r/*

(h

€t

in

31

lie

Petition signifying that Notices had been given of the Application for Gosport Bridge Bill.

tO h ij-lit:

Ogbourn Inclosure Bill passed.

Ik

cad i fce

i r i Hull

IF:

0 it

1 &

LU

OoC:

uejy

m

; tie

rt-

r;T7j''

Li

jii

irfc

Tlif‘

*15«

.B*

a;

Welton Inclosure Bill reported.

Waste Lands, within the Parish of Welton in the

Marsh, in the County of Lincoln, was committed.

A Petition of Robert Forbes, of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 27th Day of March last, Notice of the Application to Parliament for a Bill for enabling the Petitioner to erect and finish a Bridge across the Lake called Stoke or Haslar Lake, in the Parish of re, in the County of Southampton, was given at the last Easter Sessions for the said County, and also by Advertisement in the Newspaper called The Hampshire Chronicle, and Portsmouth and, Chichester Journal, on the 26th Day of March last, and the 2d and oth Days of the present Month of April, in such and the like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relating to Bills for building Bridges: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling him to erect and finish the said Bridge, in such a Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Aria it is referred to Mr. Chute, Sir William Heath-cote, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Parish of Ogbourn Saint George, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Parish of Ogbourn Saint , in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fydell, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Welton in the Marsh, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, In at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petitions

the a gainst the Bill for E11-

A Petition of the Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of the Town of BrLvham, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Set-01 the Fi'lhe- h°g forth, That the Petitioners are much alarmed at j,o: uifs. the Contents of a Bill now in the House, which coni'..- tains Matter that they fear will be injurious to, and

ft. Vol. 47.

further reduce, the Newfoundland Fishery, on which the Existence of the Petitioners, their Families, and Thousands besides in this Country, very much depends; and that the Burthens and Restrictions laid on the said Fishery, by Laws passed of late Years, have materially lessened the Business and Occupations of the Petitioners and others: And therefore praying the House to fake into Consideration the Causes of such Reduction, and that the Bills before the House may not be passed into a Law, and that the House would of themselves institute an Inquiry into the State and Means of the said Fishery and Trade, and would pass such Laws as would be found necessary for its Relief and Protection.

A Petition of the Merchants of Poole, carrying on the Fishery, and.trading to the Island of Newfoundland, was also presented to the House, and read;

Settbg fortl], That the Petitioners are much alarmed at -the Contents of a Bill now in the House, which ' contains Matter that they conceive will, if not totally ruin, very much injure the Newfoundland Trade, in which they are engaged; and Representing to the -House, that the said Trade is now in a very reduced and declining State, from the many Burthens and Restrictions imposed thereon of late Years, and they are convinced that, if the House will take into Consideration, and inquire into, the Causes of such Reduction, and into the whole State and Nature of the said Trade, instead of passing new Laws and Restrictions, which will inevitably tend to its Ruin, the House would be induced to ease them of the Burthens and Difficulties under which they labour: And therefore praying, That the Bill now in the House may not pass into a Law, and that the House would themselves institute an Inquiry into the State and Men of the said Trade, and give it such Relief as shall appear necessary.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the " British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors,

" and others, employed in the said Fisheries,

" to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season;" and for laying an additional Duty on Rum, and other Spirits, imported into the Island of Newfoundland, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Samuel Long presented to the House, according Ramsgate to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Harbour Hill Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George ,l<!ien e the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and " maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for " cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of " Sandwich;" and also, an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to enlarge certain Powers granted by an " Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the " Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of " Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich;" and for making other Provisions for the Maintenance and Improvement of the said Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven oi Sandwich: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition res-

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in preting No-Exfecution several Acts, passed in the Ninth and new for Dun-Twelfth Years ot her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the

Fifth

Gedling, &c. InclosciireRill presented.

13 as ford Inclosure Bill presented.

Petitions for an Abolition of the Slave Trade.

716 20° Apfilis. 1792.

Fifth and Tweiity-sixth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffein the County of ford, and from the Sign of The White Horse to the Sign of The King's Arms in and for making

Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of The Waggon and Horses to The Bull Inn in Dunstable, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 16th Day of March last, Notice of the Application to Parliament for a Bill to increase the Tolls, and to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, for the Purpose of making the said Road more commodious, and altering or turning the same, so as to reduce the present steep and dangerous Parts thereof, was given at the last Easter Sessions held for the said County of Bedford, and by Advertisements in the Newspapers, called The Northampton Mercury, and The County Chronicle, in the Month of March last, and in the present Month of April, in such and the like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to increase the Tolls, and to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said several Acts, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. John, the Lord North, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Pierrepunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosed Common Fields, Common Woods, Wastes, Commons, and other Lands, within the Parish of Gedling, comprising the several Hamlets of Gedling, Stoke Bardolph, and Carlton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Basford, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Parishioners of the Parish of Gzoinear, in the County of Cornwall, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and-Neighbourhood of Penzance: And also,

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Provincial Synod of Fife: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Leicester, and its Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying for an immediate Abolition of the African Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Measures to be taken for the

Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

A Petition of Anthony Hemming', Gentleman, Agent Mr. Hem. for Legh Master, Esquire, was presented to the House, 1Ptti and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within sent & Pet the Manor or Liberty of Stanley, in the County of hon ,gains Derby, and Setting forth, That the said Legh Master is Lord of the said Manor, and as such entitled to the c ' Soil of the said Common and Waste Grounds, and is also entitled to more than a Moiety of the Property to which a Right of Common upon the said Common and Waste Grounds is appurtenant; and that the said Legh Master is at present in the Province of Maryland, in America, and having heard that Notice was given of an Intention to divide and inclose the said Common and Waste Grounds, he directed the Petitioner to take such Steps as he may think proper for securing the Rights of the said Legh Master in the said Common, and Waste Grounds, in case a Bill should be brought into Parliament for that Purpose; and that the Petitioner hath perused the said Bill, and is apprehensive that, if the same should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Rights of the said Legh Master would not be sufficiently secured, but, on the contrary, he would be very much injured thereby; and that, since such Direction was received from the said Legh Master (which was in the Month of February last) there has not been sufficient Time to send over a Petition to the said Legh Master, to he signed by him, in order to present to the House: And therefore praying, That he may have Liberty to present a Petition to the House on Behalf of the said Legh Master, for the Purpose of securing his Rights and Interests in the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed by the said Bill. ’

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave gw Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Anthony Hemming.

Then a Petition of Anthony Hemming, Gentleman, Mr. Hem-Agent for Legh Master, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as sJTntyT the preceding Petition: And praying, That he may closure Bil be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurous to the Rights and Interests of the said Legh Master, and that such effectual Provision may be made in the said Bill for securing his Rights and Interests, as to the House shall seem reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and 88ainst others, Owners of Estates within the Divisions of ^"^1"’ Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of and

Setting

at;

is

an

ier

for

lie

lill

4

0!

4

ii

fcj;

tk

n-

:4

ied

id

e-

id

its

lA

'ek

Sill

:!K1*

.or as i

i;

Pi5

llii

l0

ithe

said

ieari

liltee.

Card, a ettk

ID*

5 d\

)Di $ j

ii

Jto i for

elds,

and the

(d

and

eli

Cirencenter, &c. Small Debts Bill committed.

Southampton Poor Bill deferred.

Account of Vessels arrived from Africa in the West India Islands, and of Slaves imported and re-exported, presented*

Mr. Horn-blower’s Bill deferred.

32 Geo. III. 20° Aprilis.

717

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of considerable Estates within the said Manor and Parish, which would be materially prejudiced by the said Bill, if the same should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as tQ the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time j and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery ef Small Debts within the Hundreds of Cirencester, Crowthorne and Minty, Brightwells, Berrow, Rapsgate, Bradley, Bisley and Longtree, commonly called The Seven Hundreds of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Apsley, Mr. Master, &c. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for better regulating the Poor of the United Parishes within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from the Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

An Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, that have arrived from Africa in the British West India Islands, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1792, with the Number of Slaves imported therein, distinguishing each Year, from what Part of the Coast taken on Board, and at what Island in the West Indies landed, also distinguishing the Men from the Women, and the Boys from the Girls; together with the Number of Negroes that died from the Time of their being taken on Board until their Arrival" in the West Indies, distinguishing the Males from Females, and the Boys from the Girls; together with the Number of Negroes re-exported in each Year from each Island respectively, and the Number retained each Year in each Island respectively, so far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects, for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Bill for vesting in Jonathan Horn-blower, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of certain Machines or Engines for raising Water and other Liquids, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, described therein, for a limited Time, be read a Second Time upon Thurs~ day Morning next.

Vol. 47.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition re-thereunto [subscribed, Inhabitants, Householders, Re- *P«ju»g th* siants within the Borough of Pontefract, in the County for

of York, and, as such, Electors of Representatives to Pontefract, serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, upon the 9th Day of March, in the Year 1791, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Charks Mcllish and John Anstruther, Esquires, and also, the Petition of several other Persons, Freeholders of Burgage Tenure, within the Borough of Pontefract, and, as such, claiming to be Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, reported to the House, That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions did wholly depend upon the Right of Election, and that therefore, the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election, for which they respectively contended — That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Charles Mellish and John Anstruther, and the said other Persons, delivered in a Statement respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, as follows: " That the Right of Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the " Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, is in " Persons having, within the said Borough, a Freehold " of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent" — That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, John Smyth and William Sotheron, Esquires, delivered in a Statement as follows: " The Counsel for the Sitting Members state the Right of Election for the Borough of Pontefract to be in the Inhabitants " Householders Resiants " — That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee reported, That they had determined, " That the Right of Election,

" as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right " of Election for the Borough of Pontefract, in the " County of York" — That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee reported, That they had determined, " That the Right of Election, as set " forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the said Borough of Pontefract; " and that John Walsh, Esquire, and also several other Persons, pretending to be Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Pontefract, having presented their respective Petitions to the House to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, praying that they might be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, to oppose that Right of Election in Favour of which the said Select Committee had reported as above set forth, and that they respectively might have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House should seem meet, and the Nature of their Case might require, and the Petitioners insisting that the Right of Election which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is the ancient and true Right of Election for the said Borough of Pontefract, therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, according to the Form of the said Statute, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and as the Nature of their Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 1st Day of May next, at the same Time that the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, who claims to be an Elector of Representatives

8 U to

20° Aprilis. A, 1792.

in ttTcoun^r^tVt^rT^ be "* *" ‘ °*

or

Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant,

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Pontefract, according to the Directions of

an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted of Rents, and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tene-ted. Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in ments, in the said Forest, was committed, be now taken

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House to ad-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning joum to next. Monday.

Ordered, That the Bill for making the Estates of R11 Bankers and other Traders subject to the Payment of Sg bE their Debts after their Decease, be read a Second Time E«tatesdefc. upon Monday Morning next. red.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for P«. the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further semtion of Increase and Preservation of Timber within The New Forest, in the County of Southampton, and for the Sale re-commi"'

Parliament.

Balliol Col- Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Com-ofg London, ty to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,

Agreement intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Bill reported Agreement between the Master and Scholars of Balliol eud passed. College, in the University of Oxford, and the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens oif the City of London, for vesting in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, certain Ground and

Buildings in the Parish of Saint Lawrence Jewry, London, and for securing to the said Master and Scholars, and their Successors, certain Yearly Rents in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Watson do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this ....

House hath agreed to the same, without any Amend- the Reign of his late^ Majesty King George the Se-

Steyning

Election

Committee

appointed.

ment.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, and Gibbs Crawfurd, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

William Dowdeswell, Esquire, John Balfour, Esquire, John Pitt, Esquire, the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley, Matthew Montagu, Esquire, Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, Paul Le Mesurier, Esquire, George Sumner, Esquire, Admiral Leveson, PennAsheton Curzon, Esquire, Francis Gregor, Esquire, Richard BempU Johnstone, Esquire, Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, Gibbs Crawfurd, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire; and also of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, m Otie of the Committee Chambers ap-

into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morrv-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Eari of Los-Right honourable James Earl of Lonsdale, Bailiff of Burley, in New Forest, in the County of Southampton, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend so much of Two Ale-hoi® Acts, made in the Tw enty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years Keepers, it.

— — Licensin’

Bill deferral

cond. as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Consolidd the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Con- 1>ore ’ solidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was committed, be now received.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the said, Report.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second News"-Reading of the Bill for establishing Courts of Judi- lan<iMa‘

cature

tore Bill

32 Geo. III. 20° .

719

i,

< ilfrl

*'-l

ea

fie:

aid

ot

in*

i(ic

k:r

‘c!-!

!l> ret

k

IS,

.lit

iiil

cature in the Island of Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent;

And the House being informed, that the Merchants and others concerned in the Newfoundland Trade, in and about the Port of , in the County of

Devon, who petitioned this House upon the 4th Day of this Instant April, praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to amend The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

Fncoura «- ^ea<^‘n? of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the

menTof she Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Fisheries intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the committed. Fisheries carried on from Great Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing " the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, " employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, " at the End of the Fishing Season; " and for laying an additional Duty on Rum, and other Spirits, imported into the Island of Newfoundland-,

And the House being informed, that the Merchants Adventurers of the City of Bristol, in the Fishery and Trade to the Island of Newfoundland, who petitioned this House upon the 4th Day of this Instant April, praying to be heard against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Tr.i

Vas*

t'y-

Eia

;,d

iidf

ip*

esci;

C'&

ites

:)'iP

bU-

lOlt.

C*

ee 1* ti*

-,ii:

r.

I si *}

1

on tk ijtit

jef^,

fj#:

car-1

Bill for mak- Mr. Rose, presented to the House, according to Or* ingperpetual der, a Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the j.amapo’rfC' Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma-AcTpresen- jesty» intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation ted.H " and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la " Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucca, in the Island of " Jamaica, in the Port of George in the Island " of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of " Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island " of Neiv Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Blackburne’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

react* 15,11 ^or vest’nga Leasehold Estate late of John Blackburne, reJ ' Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for

applying the Money arising therefrom in the Manner therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Expiring A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, Laws Bill relating to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon committed. the importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease;

to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America-, to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen' employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle' of Thonet; to the Vol. 47.

ascertaining the Strengh of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Lcwknor In-Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain clo;ure Ulj* Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common t0inmiUc Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Divisions of and Post-

comb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford',

And the House being informed, that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 5th Day of this Instant April, and this Day, praying to lie heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Wilmot,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Quick, of Quick’*

Nutcombe, in the County of Devon, Clerk, and his Name Bill First and other Sons and their Issue Male, and his *Kl'sc<J' Daughters and their Issue, to take and use the Surname of Nutcombe, according to the last Will and Testament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Nutcombe Quick, of Nutcombe, in the County of Devon, Clerk, and his First and other Sons and their Issue Male, and his Daughters and their Issue, to take and use the Surname of Nutcombe, according to the last Will and Testament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Report; Ply. it was referred to examine the Reports which were nunuh Dock made from the Committees, to whom the Petition of " altr-William Warren, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others; and also, the Petition of Thomas on

Behalf of himself and others, were severally referred, and who were empowered to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; and to whom the Petition of Sir John Call, Baronet, was referred; That no Person appeared in Support of the said last mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Reports, and had directed him to report the same, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In the First Place, your Committee took into Consideration the several Papers and Books, referred to them, relative to the Proposals of Mr. Warren for bringing Water to Plymouth Dock; — and found the Effect of those Proposals to be: The Projectors of

Mr. Warrens Plan would carry it into Effect in case Government would take upon themselves to procure an Act of Parliament, and would pay the Consideration, and grant those Privileges which are stated in Mr. Warren's Proposals before the Committee; and that, with respect to the Consent of the Landholders, it was not understood to be necessary that they should be

20° — 23° Aprilis.

A. 1792.

Laws of Excise relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass.

And then the House adjourned; till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,23° die Aprilis;

Anno 32° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1792.

720

be consulted~That it did not appear whether Mr. Warren intended to engage to supply the Inhabitants of Dock at any specific Price, or to leave it open for the Inhabitants and Mr. Warren to agree upon the Consideration for supplying them with Water.

Your Committee next proceeded to take into Consideration the Proposal of Mr. Bryer for bringing Water to Plymouth Dock Yard — and found, that the Proposal of Mr. Bryer was, to bring a wholesome Stream of fresh Water to a Reservoir on the highest Part of the Ground within the Dock Lines, capable of containing any Quantity of Water not exceeding 4,000 Tons, and to conduct it from thence to the Dock Gate, at their own Expence, through a Pipe of a Bore not exceeding Ten Inches, and to carry a Pipe from thence to the Gun Wharf — That it is proposed to supply the different Departments of Government as X\, ployment of the Poor of the several Parishes Poor, 4c. follows: 3,000 Tons in every 24 Hours (if required) within the City of , and of such Parishes as

to be conveyed by a Main Pipe to the Dock Yard, are Part within the City Part within

from which a Pipe is to be laid to supply the Gun the County of Worcester, and of the Parish of Saint Wharf; the Barracks and the Governor’s House to be Michael in in the County of Worcester,

supplied with 1,000 Tons in 24 Hours (if required) and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of such by the same Mains that the Inhabitants are to be Parishes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester, and of the Parishes of Saint Martin and Saint Clement, which are Part within the City of Worcester, and Part within the County of Worcester, and for Burial Ground for the Use of such

Prayers.

ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Em- Worcester

supplied with, the Pipes from the Mains to be at the Expence of Government — The Proprietors reserve to themselves the supplying the Inhabitants and all Merchant Shipping — That the Expence of supplying the Inhabitants with Water will be optional.

It also appeared, that Mr. Bryer had consulted the providing a greatest Part of the Land Owners through whose Pro- Parishes perty the Watercourse is to go, not One of whom had refused his Assent; and had also agreed with Two out of Three of the Proprietors of the Water, and is in Treaty with the Third Proprietor — And a Plan thereof was produced.

And it also appeared, that Mr. Bryer intended that regular Accounts of the gross Sums received for the

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill rapt*, the 5th Day of this Instant April, for the House to ing the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill to empower the High chancer/ Supply of Water to the Inhabitants, or for other Pur- Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the deferred, poses of Individuals, should be accurately kept, and Suitors Money upon proper Securities, and for apply-at all Times be open to the Inspection of Officers ap- ing the Interest towards discharging the Expences of pointed by Government for that Purpose; and that the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the

if the gross Sums received from the Inhabitants for such Supply of Water should ever exceed 1,600l. per Annum, the Surplus should go in Diminution of 1,400 per Annum to be paid by Government;

received from the Inhabi-

and in case the gross Sum

tants should exceed 3,000l. per Annum, that is, so as Records and Proceedings of the Commissions of Bank-to pay Messrs. Bryer and Company 1,600l. per Annum, rupts and Lunatics, might be read.

and the Whole of the 1,400 /. they are to receive from Government, the Surplus beyond such Sum of 3,000l. per Annum should in such Case be divided between Government and the said Company; and that the Expence of procuring an Act for the above Purposes should be paid by the said Com-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for providing an additional Bury- stPancm ing Ground for the Use of the Parish of Saint Pancras, Bund

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to in the County of Middlesex, and for shutting up the Ground,*! the following Resolution: " ----- *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Proposal of Thomas Bryer, for supplying Plymouth Dock with Water, appears to be the most eligible and beneficial to the Public to be adopted.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

present Footpath leading through the Church Yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 21. After " Parish," to insert, " lying " East of the Turnpike Road " leading from Gray's Inn Lane " to Highgate."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying His Majesty’s Dock Yard, the Town of.

Plymouth Dock, and the Parts adjacent, with Water: put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill

And that Mr. Rolle and Mr. Bastard do prepare, and was amended at the Table accordingly,

bring in, the same. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for providing an additional Burying The other Order of the Day being read; Ground for the Use of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in

BihrekVing Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the County of Middlesex, and for shutting up the pre-defcittt 988 ^orn‘ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of sent Footpath leading through the Church Yard, and the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the making a commodious one in lieu thereof.

Ordered,

32 Geo. III. 23° Aprilis.

721

Ordered, That Mr. Maimoarin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill respecting Hackney Coaches and Chairs committed.

A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates, to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Glover, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Welton Inclosure Bill passed.

5 k

sV

t

r,

a

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Welton in the Marsh, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Welton in the Marsh, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, that Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

it

r; Warminster Hoads, & c.

,r* Bill reported.

‘or

rii

e

3 Bilb

me ic

!(l? es ot

i#

eery.

.0(31

lb

h

te

Ordered, That Sir James Long do make the

Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads in or near the said Town, for repairing several Roads in, and leading through, the Town of Warminster, and for paving and repairing the Footways, and regulating the Market, within the said Town of Warminster, was committed.

Sir James Tylney Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Ofie; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

15- gin to amend A Bill to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Hutton Bush- Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for ell inclosur* dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Com-! te t* Commit" mons> and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Mrs- ' Township of Hutton in the North Riding of

jpij the County of York, to the Township of West Ay ton,

Vac in the Parish of Hutton Bushell aforesaid, was read a

1,1s Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Drake, B if Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers irt! Chamber.

U

f* Gosport Bridge Bill ordered.

f0

eS'i

Bile yin? is, i(

pit

y

id

Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Forbes, of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, Merchant, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three printed Newspapers, called The Hampshire Vo i. 47.

Chronicle, and Portsmouth and Chichester Journal, of the 26th Day of March last, and the 2d and 9th Days of the present Month of were produced

to your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for enabling Robert Forbes, of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, Merchant, to erect and finish a Bridge across the Lake called Stoke or Haslar Lake, in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House, upon the 27th Day of March last. And,

Mr. Smith informed your Committee, That, agree-

able to the said Leave of the House, the like Notice of Application had been affixed on the Door of the Sessions House for the County of Southampton, at the last Easter Sessions.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 27th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Forbes, of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, Merchant, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling Robert Forbes to erect and finish a Bridge across the Lake called Stoke or Haslar Lake, in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton:

And that Sir William Heathcote and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Air. Pochin presented to the House, according to Grantham Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable ('anal 81,1 Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the prt8*nU County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near j Ratcliffe, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Syerston Fields, Meadows, Commons, ana Waste Grounds, In«k»ureBiU within the Township of Syerston, in the County of cornmute Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Pochin, Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for better paving, cleansing, and Boston otherwise improving, the Borough of Boston, in the Paving Bill County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time. passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Fydell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, of the Boston Har* Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to bouJ ®ill the Haven and Harbour of Boston, in the County of pass* ’ Lincoln, and for regulating the Mooring and removing of Ships and other Vessels within the said Haven and Harbour, and for removing Obstructions therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending an Act of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Haven and Harbour of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for regulating the Mooring and removing of Ships and other Vessels within the said Haven and Harbour, and for removing Obstructions therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Fydell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to Mr. Booth’* whom the Bill for more effectually securing to Joseph Bill reported. Booth, and to the Public, the Benefit of a certain

8 X Invention

Carmarthen Gaol and Paving, &c. Bill committed.

Petition respecting Notices of the Application for repairing certain Roads in Carmarthenshire.

722 23° Aprilis. A. 1792.

Invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained. Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, was committed ;. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and ^hen a Second Time, One by One; ana, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Roads, and public Passages, and for widening and making the same more commodious, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rice, Mr. Phillips, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the County of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 16th Day of March last, Notice of the Application to Parliament for making Provision for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from the Site of an Old House on the great Mountain, where Rees Thomas

formerly lived, to the Turnpike Road from Llandilo to Ponl-ar-ddulais, at or near a Place called

willy, and also the Road from a Place called heol, in the Parish of Llanddto a Farm called Bryn-ddh, in the Parish of Llanon, and also the Road from Pedairheol aforesaid, on the South Side of Gwendraeth Jack, and the South Side of Mytiydd Garreg, to the Town of Kidwelly, and also the Road from the Smith’s Forge, near The Star, in the Parish of Pembre, to a certain Bridge called and from thence to a Bridge called Pontyales, and also the Road from a certain Point lying between Two Places called Cenji and Pcmtre, in the Road from Porthyrhyd to Kidwelly, to or near a Place called Tannerdy, in the Parish of Llangendeirn, and also the Road from, or nearly from, a Place called coed-fmr, in the Parish of Llangendeirn, to the Pon-tantwn Turnpike Road, and also the Road from a Place called Waun Cwm-Eynon, in the said Parish, over Bryncoch to The Van, on the Turnpike Road from Carmarthen to Llanelly, all in the County of Carmarthen, in the Bill now depending for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of Llandilofawr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the New Bridge over the River Towy to the Lime Kilns, in the Parish of Llanddarog, and also the Road from Cae-Cappel-Issa, in the Parish of Llangathen, to the Town of Llanelly, and also the Road from the Cross Road, in the Parish of Llanfyhangel Aberbythych, to Pentregwenlle

and the village of Llandibye, and also the Road from a Place called Cross Inn, in the said Parish of Llangathen, to the Turnpike Road leading from

Llandibye to Llanddarog, all in the County of Carmarthen, was given at the last Easter Sessions holden for the said County, and by Advertisement in the Newspapers called the Hertford, Gloucester, and in the present Month of April, in such and the like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the first-mentioned Roads, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr.. Rice, Mr. Philipps,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Incorporation of Bakers in Glas- PetlMn gozv, William Robertson and Company, and Robert yt Craig, Proprietors of Mills on the River Kelvin, in ker Budge the Neighbourhood of Glasgow, was presented to the Road Bill, House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term of Two " Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh " Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into " the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to " the Roads from the City of Glasgow to " Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to The Three Mile House,

" to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of " Gorbals to the Chapel of Cam, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew," so far as the said Act relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and for more effectually snaking, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from The Forth to The Clyde; and Setting forth,

That the Petitioners will be greatly injured in case the said Bill shall pass into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the stud Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time, and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Pow- Stourbridii ers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year fndB'nn*i of the Reign of King George the Second, and the °sei Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, so far as the said Two several Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish of Hagley and County of Worcester, to The Cross of Hands at Holloway Head, near Birmingham, and from The Five Ways to New Street in Birmingham, in the said County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth

Year

32 Geo. III.

23° Ap.

723

Saddleworth Roads Bill reported.

itr.f

h

inti

ato to ter

?.'i.

: i! it ail

tn »* St.Cuthberts fcp t inclosure Bill . ;(.£ committed.

in®

,ers5n

1C

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Road from Pool, in the

Parish of Hagley and County of Worcester, to the Top of Smallbrooke Street, and from The Five Ways to Easy Row in Birmingham, in the said County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, Stand Edge, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to or near Mumps Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Road leading out of the said intended Road, through or near Dobcross, to or near a Place called Wall Hill, in the said Parish of Saddleworth, and also another Road leading out of the said first-mentioned Road, at or near a Place called Shaw to or near a Place

called Hollins, all in the said Parish of Saddleworth, was committed.

Mr. Wigley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Petition of the thereunder subscribing Inhabit- Petition for ants in the Borough of Dumfries, and its Neighbour-hood, was presented to the House and read; Pray- Trade, ing for an immediate Abolition of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

Petition from the Turkey Company for Leave to present a Petition.

ingrossed.

ion 2

Ik

Up

Liverpool Church Bill committed.

i w;

/Tealby In-> closure Bill

passed.

iff?

is

8

f $

flip

tjof

as*

Leave given.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mendip, lying w-ithin the Manors of East Horring-ton and Chilcot, in the Out Parish of Cuthbert in Wells, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gavion, Mr. Phelips, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for building a new Church or Chapel within the Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major Maitland, Colonel Tarleton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tealby, otherwise Te-vilby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tealby, otherwise Tevilby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Tdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 47.

Turkey Company’s Petition.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called The Turkey Company, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it would tend very much to the Benefit and Convenience of the Petitioners, and other British Subjects, to extend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and regulating the " Trade into the Levant Seas," by authorizing Persons Abroad to administer the Oath in the said Act mentioned, and by enabling the Treasurer of the said Company to supply the Place of the Governor or Deputy Governor thereof, in case of their necessary Absence; and that the Petitioners intended, and were prepared, to petition the House within the Time prescribed for receiving Petitions for private Bills, but were prevented from offering the same to the House from their not having been able to obtain, within such Time, sufficient Informatian and Advice relating the reto: And therefore praying, that they may now have Leave to petition the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called The Turkey Company.

Then a Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called The Turkey Company, was presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Smith of Ludgershall, and Mr. Samuel Thornton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for making and repairing the Lanerk and Road from the Town of Lanerk to the Town of Ha- Hamilton milton, in the County of Lanerk, was read the Third 1

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lanerk to the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanerk.

Ordered, That Mr. William McDcnrall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Lanerk Roads Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Bill conumt-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates ted* to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Lanerk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

William McDowall, Major Maitland, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered,

Petitions against Lewknor Inclosure Bill referred to Committee on the Bill, and Counsel ordered.

Bill for making perpetual Jamaica, &c. Free Ports Act committed.

Committee on Expiring Laws Bill.

724 23° ApriUs.A. 1792.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Divisions of Lewknor and , in the

Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of this Instant April;and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of Estates within the Divisions of and Post-

comb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, and within the Manor and Parish of in the County of

Oxford; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, which were presented to the House upon the 20th Day of this Instant April, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Divisions of Leivknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Leivknor, in the County of Oxford, is committed; and that the said several Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation " and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, " Montego Bay, and Santa Lucca, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of " Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of " minica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of " New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under " certain Regulations and Restrictions;" was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dower, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bai for«!. Reading of the Bill for making the Estates of Bankers j«^^-and other Traders subject to the Payment of their Debts after their Decease, be now read. of their D*

And the said Order being read accordingly; committed.

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a CowAnd certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; Fund Bill and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for PasH<1, the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the several Orders, Dnysap-appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the P01^ several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the titioot al-Borough of Shaston, otherwise Shaftsbury, in the Coun- tend, ty of Dorset; for the County of Radnor; for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon; for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln; for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts; for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; for the District of Boroughs of Stirling, Inverkeithing, DumCulross, and

Queensferry for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton; for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole; for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Wanvick; for the Borough of,

in the County of York;and for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk: And also, the several Orders appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the several Petitions respecting the Rights of Election for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York; for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts; for the Town and County of the Town of Poole; for the Borough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham; for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland; and, for the City and Liberty of Westminster; might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, the same were, on the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Bryant, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaston, otherwise Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 1st Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered,

32 Geo. III. 23° Ap

Ordered, That the Petition of the Petitioners thereunto subscribed, who are Freeholders of the County of Radnor, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 2d Day of August next, at

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, who claims to be an Elector of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontrefact, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of John Smyth, and William Sotheron, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants Householders, Resiants within the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, and, as such, Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 3d Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Midleton, the Honourable William Brodrick, and Charles Townshen Esquire, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts', and also, the Petition of Thomas Everett, Esquire, and Thomas Balt, Gentleman, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday the 4th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Seale, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 6th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, Esquire, the Reverend William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 7th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being entitled to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, respecting the Right of Election for the Town and County of the Town of Poole, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 8th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Nathaniel Nervnham, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 9th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, who by immemorial Custom and Usage have a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 10th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Vol. 47.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Borough of Stirling, and William Anderson, Esquire, eldest Baillie and Chief Magistrate of that Borough, and Delegate commissioned for the said Borough at the late Election, held for choosing a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of which it is One, in the room of Sir Archibald Campbell, deceased, James Francis Erskine, of Forrest, Esquire, Burgess and Delegate commissioned for the Borough of Dunfermline, Thomas Manson Writer in Edinburgh, Burgess and Delegate elected by a Majority of legal Voters for the Borough of Jnver-keithing, Alexander Abercromby, Esquire, Advocate, elected Delegate for the said Borough of Dunfermline, by the Magistrates and Councillors thereof, who did not vote lor the aforesaid James Francis Erskine, Mr. William Robertson, Advocate Burgess and Delegate, chosen for the Borough of Culross by a legal Meeting of the Council thereof, and of Mr. Archibald Junior, Burgess and Councillor of Dele-

gate elected for that Borough, by a Majority of legal Votes, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Stirling,

Dunfermline, Culross, and Queensferry, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday the nth Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham, and George Porter, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 13th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Basil William Douglas, commonly called Lord Daer, One of the Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 14th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, all legal Voters, of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 15th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, be taken into Consideration, upon Thursday the 16th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Smith, Esquire, a Candidate at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 17th Day of August next,

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of >

in the County of Nottingham; and also, the Petition of 'several Inhabitants of the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, paying Scotland Lot within the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said Borough in Parliament, on Behalf of

8 Y themselves

A. 1792.

Alehouse Keepers Licensing Bill deferred.

Committee on the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Report of Lords of Council, Minutes of Evidence, <5cc. referred.

23° — 24° .

themselves and other Electors of the said Borough, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday the l8th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward JVastell, John Richardson, Robert Yarker, 7'homas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Yeoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brmvnrigg, Citizens of the City of and

also, the Petition of John Christian Curwen, and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, respecting the Right of Election for the said City, be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 20th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster; and also, the Petition of seve-

ral Inhabitants, Householders, of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to re-

t 7 n

present the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, respecting the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 21 st Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly; and, in such of the Cases as respected Rights of Election, the usual Notices w ere again inserted in The London Gazette, and sent to the Returning Officers.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report of the Lords of the Committee of Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, submitting to His Majesty's Consideration the Evidence and Information they have collected, in consequence of His Majesty's Order in Council, dated the nth of February 1788, concerning the present State of the Trade to , and particu-

larly the Trade in Slaves; and concerning the Effects and Consequences of this Trade, as well in Africa and The West Indies, as to the General Commerce of this Kingdom (which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of April 1789) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence taken in the last Parliament respecting the said Trade, together with all Reports, Accounts, and Papers, which have been laid before the House relating thereto, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mora-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred.*" House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws of Excise relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 24® die Aprilis-,

Anno 32® Georgii III'*1 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

rT'MI E House was moved, That the Order, made Mr. Horn-X upon Friday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Thursday Morning next, the Bill for vesting in aeerr Jonathan Ilornblower, his Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of certain Machines or Engines for raising Water and other Liquids, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, described therein, for a limited Time, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Blackburn Act for vesting a Leasehold Estate late of John Est*le® Btackburnc, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, conimuls!' and for applying the Money arising therefrom in the Manner therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Law,

Mr. Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom p„nstai;.(, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in 1 lockline Execution several Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the or<ltrei1-Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of ford, and from the Sign of The While Horse to the Sign of The King's Arms in H and for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of The Waggon and Horses to The Bull Inn in Dunstable, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

» To

4

k

32 Geo. III. 24* Aprilis.

727

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the printed Newspapers, called The County Chronicle, of the 27th of March last, and the 3d and 10th of this present Month of April; and also, The Northampton Mercury, of the 24th and 31st of March last, and the 7th of this present Month of April, were produced to your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill to increase the Tolls, and to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of The White Horse, to the Sign of The Kings Arms in lisse aforesaid; and also, for the making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of The Waggon and Horses to The Bull Inn in Dunstable aforesaid, for the Purpose of making the said Road more commodious, and altering or turning the same, so as to reduce the present steep and dangerous Parts thereof, are inserted agreeable to the Leave granted by the House upon the 16th Day of March last. And,

Leonard Hanipson, Esquire, informed your Committee, That, agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notice of Application had been affixed on the Door of the Sessions House for] the County of Bedford, at the last Easter Quarter Sessions.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the iCth Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution several Acts, passed in the Ninth a*d Twelfth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Fifth and Tw enty-sixth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and , in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of The White Horse to the Sign of The King's Anns, in Hock-life aforesaid, and for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of The Waggon and Horses to The Bull Inn in Dunstable aforesaid, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen the Fifth

and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the 'Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of The White Horse to the Sign of The King's Arms, in Hockliffe aforesaid: And that Mr. St. John and the Earl of Upper Ossory do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty- second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, " amending, and preserving the Haven of and also, an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " enlarge certain Powers granted by an Act, passed " in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King " George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging " and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for " cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of " Sandwich;" amd for making other Provisions for the Maintenance acid Improvement of the said Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Samuel Long, Mr.. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this A fternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Vol. 47.

Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and , Ia5Ur'Ks-Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And lie went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly*

And being returned, lie reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to he present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. JValkcr:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Turkdcan, in the County of Gloucester; with au Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to empower Philip Goldsuorthy, Esquire, Tenant for Life under the Will of Martha Gashry, deceased, to grant Building or Repairing Leases; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords will proceed on 'I hursdny on Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

The Lords have agreed to

Turkdcan Inclosure hill with an Amendment

The Lords have passed (i olds worthy's Leases

Bill.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ]\ion|j 51,cr-Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands within borne In-the Common Fields only, in the Parish of Monk cli;sure 151,1 borne, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second commiU’ l-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William liealheote, Mr. Chute, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Montgomery reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers S&c of several Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Bill reported. Majesty’s Reign, and of the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reiirn, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Fceblcs, and for

making

24° Aprilis.

A. 1792.

making the said Acts more effectual, and for better men, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and regulating the Statute Labour within the said County, others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing was committed; That the Committee had examined in the Counties of Berks and Oxford, was referred, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be might be again read, true; and that the Committee had gone through the And the same being read accordingly;

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

they had directed him to report to the House; and he building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli- Thames, from in the County of Oxford, to

vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s the opposite Shore in the Parish of Pangbourti, in the Table: Where the Amendments were Once read County of Berks: And that Mr. Vansittart and Mr. throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the same, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Renfrew Roads Bill reported.

Mr. Shaw Stewart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, make in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock by Corsehill, and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by

A Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of Her ford Hereford c, to re-build the West End of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and to repair other Parts thereof, was read commi' a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Walwyn, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. John Hope reported from the Committee, to Almond and

Port Glasgow, and the Bridge at Inchinnan, and for whom the Bill for making, amending, widening, and Airdn:Rctc

more effectually making and repairing and altering keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge Billr(fwltc the Course of the said Road from Renfrew to Greenock, over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the and for making and repairing other Roads connecting Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town therewith, and leading to and from Paisley, in the of Bathgate, to Airdrie, in the County of Lanerk, and

County of Renfrew, and the Branches thereof, and for for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

shutting up Bye Roads that are useless to the Public, pair, Two Branches of Road from the said Line of was committed; and to whom the Petition of Hugh Road, and for building a Bridge over the Water of Lord Sempill, was referred; That no Person appeared Avon at Torphichen Mill, was committed; That the

before the Committee in support of the said Petition; Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and that the Committee had examined the Allegations and found the same to be true; and that the Com-of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Whitchurch Bridge Bill ordered.

rected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the Counties of Berks and Oxford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, seve-

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Saddltr: Road from, or nearly from, Stand Edge, in the Parish Roadsiis. of Saddleuorth, in the West Riding of the County of

Yoj-k, to or near Mump's Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwick, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Road leading out of the said intended Road, through or near Dobcross, to or near a Place called Wall Hill, in the said Parish of Saddleu orth; and also another Road leading out of the said first-mentioned Road, at or near a Place called Shaw Hall, to or near a Place called Hollins, all in

the said Parish of Saddleworth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

ral printed Newspapers, called Jackson's Oxford Jour- be, An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, nal, and The Reading Mercury, of the 24th Day of March or nearly from, Stand Edge, within Saddleworth, in the last, and the 2d and 9th Days of this Instant April, West Riding of the County of York, to or near were produced to your Committee, wherein Notices Mump's Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in Parish of in the County Palatine of Lan-

a Bill for Building a Bridge across the River Thames, caster, and also a Road leading out of the said in-

between Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, and Pangbourn, in the County of Berks, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House on the 19th Day of March last. And,

Mr. William Williams and Mr. Thomas Simpson informed your Committee, That agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notices of Application had been affixed on the Doors of the Sessions Houses for the Counties of Oxford and Berks, at the last Easter Sessions.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 19th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentle-

tended Road, through or near Dobcross, to or near a Place called Wall Hill, in Saddleworth aforesaid; and also another Road leading out of the said first mentioned Road, at or near a Place called Shaw Hall, to or near a Place called Hollins, all in Saddleworth aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing,

draining,

and

proving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- Inch mons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Town- Drs,n*f' ships or Hamlets of Hessle, Anlaby, and Tranby, in com"li’

the

L

'i

k

G‘* Voices to

Committee on Mersey and Irwell

:eri Navigation BUL

tOi iL.il

; a Expiring

IlT Lams Bill

U; reported.

ine a Jera

1 A E .'0!D- rcrol

ruth iiim

1 his

.the

‘ta

ikit

stik

32 ;-i;

/it:

p^:

yii'

ice

i-:

lie

tthi--lOa-lr-1 ri--or *

Committee on Bill for making perpetual Jamaica, tVc, Free Ports Act.

*i

> oi

;i-

e

or®-1

#9 lisi $

lulu*'’

tie

Reported.

Hill 9

C*

lTcf

32 Geo. III. 24°

729

the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for making a Compensation in lieu of Tythe for certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said several Townships or Hamlets, and also within the Township or Hamlet of Wooferton, in the same County, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the Rivers Mercy (now called Mersey)

" and Irwell Navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in u the County Palatine of Lan and for incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate, is committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greece; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in rica; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, oe ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the " Importation and Exportation of certain Goods,

" Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston,

" Savannah, la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucca, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the " Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the " Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands,

" under certain Regulations and Restrictions," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Vol. 47.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- A,e |l0Ui« cond Reading of the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth committed. Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses and the Manner of granting such Licenses in future, and also of granting Licenses to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates, in the Application County of Northumberland, was presented to the foradditional House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance to

of Leave granted by the House, on the 16th Day j^j,. g'jj of March last. Notice of the Application to Parliament for making Provision for repairing and improving the Roads leading from FloddenLane, by a Farm called The Encampment, to the Borders of Scotland, and also the Road leading from Burn, to the

East End of the Village of Cornand from the West End thereof to Coldstream Bridge, across the River Tweed, and also the Road leading from by Kyloe, to join the Eastern Turnpike Road leading from Beljord to Berwick, at or near Fenwick Wood Head, in the Bill now depending for repairing and improving the Roads leading from Cornhill Burn, by Pallinsburn and Flodden Lane, to Millfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge, to and also

from Ford Bridge, through Etal, to Duddoe Burn, otherwise Horney Burn, adjoining to the Berwick Turn-

pike Road, and also for shutting up and stopping certain Bye Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Northumberland, was given at the last Easter Session held for the said County, and by Advertisement in the Newspapers, called The Newcastle Courant, and The Newcastle Chronicle, in the Month of March last, and in the present Month of April, in such and the like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and improving the said first-mentioned Roads, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grey, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bill for pre-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mrvation of to consider further of the Bill for the further Increase ,m^er and Preservation of Timber within The New Forest, rest*defened. in the County of Southampton, and for the Sale of Rents, and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements, in the said Forest;

And the House being informed, That the Right honourable James Earl of Lonsdale, Bailiff of Burley, in New Forest, in the County of Southampton, who petitioned this House upon the 17th Day of this Instant April, praying to he heard, by his Counsel,

8 Z against

24° — 25° Aprilis. A. 1792.

against the said Bill, and which Petition was, upon for more effectually preserving certain Lands and Friday last, ordered to be referred to the Considera- Grounds within the Counties of and

tion of the Committee of the whole House, to whom from Injury or Damage by the Sea, is committed; the said Bill is re-committed, desired to withdraw his and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, said Petition; before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he

Ordered, That the Order made upon Friday last, thinks fit.

for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-the said Committee, be discharged. mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. Petition.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve* itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Basford in- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, closure Bill Meadows, Forest Commons, and Waste Lands, within committed. t^e parjsh Qf Basford, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Geclling,&c. A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and inclosure Bill Inclosed Common Fields, Common Woods, Wastes, commute . commons> and other Lands, within the Parish of Gedling, comprising the several Hamlets of Gedling, Stoke-Bardolph, and Carlton, in the County of Nottingham, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Sugar Bill Order, a Bill for regulating the Exportation of Sugar, PTtseDlt<1-and allowing the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the < Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign

Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill for more effectually securing the Duties upon Foreign stained Paper imported into Great Britain: And that Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Henry Hobart, ordered.V do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Friday Mom* Bill for ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole """'H House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws of Excise relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass. deferred.

Mr.*'pan-ow's A Petition of Robert Sparrow, Esquire, on Behalf a^aiiist^Kor ^’msc^ and other Owners of divers Marshes and folk and Suf- other Grounds and Hereditaments in the several Pa-iulk Embank- rishesof Thurlton, Norton, Harclley, Haddeslow otherwise iTient Bill. Iladdiscoe, Whiteacre Burgh, Abbey, Gilling-

ham, Toft Monks, and Stockton, in the County of Norf olk, and Berk less otherwise Barsham,

Saint Toolies alias SaintO/aves, Somerley-

ton, Oulton, Kirkley, Barkley otherwise Barn Carlton Colvile, and North Cove, in the County of Suffolk, was . presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending before the House for more effectually preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk from Injury or Damage by the Sea, and for repealing an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the speedy Recovery " of many Thousand Acres of Marsh Ground, and " other Ground, within the Counties of Norfolk and " Suffolk, lately surrounded by the Rage of the Sea " in divers Parts of the said Counties, and for the " Prevention of the Danger of the like surrounding " hereafter;" and that, from the Distance of the several Parishes above mentioned from Winterton aforesaid, and by reason of divers Walls and Embankments made in the several Marshes in the said Parishes, at the Costs and Charges of the Proprietors of the Lands therein, the same Marshes are so defended, that no Salt Water has flowed, or is likely to flow, over the same Marshes, by reason of the Breaches of the Sea at Winterton aforesaid, and therefore the said Marshes are not liable in any Respect to be injured by the said Breaches, and ought not in any Degree to be assessed towards the Repairs thereof: And therefore praying, on Behalf of himself and of the said Owners and Proprietors, That they may be heard, by themselves, or by their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them or their Property, or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 25* die Aprilis;

Anno 320 Georgii IIF" Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. and TheW-. Mr. Walker: haveapi.

Mr. Speaker, 10

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Montrw Act for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at Bridge Bl or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar, with AK and for making suitable Approaches thereto; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for TheLoi* naturalizing Anne Alarie Mainwarinand James roaring; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of Nat. Bill, this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ventwa’i naturalizing Joseph Ventura; to which the Lords de- Bl11, sire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Tongs’) enable the Trustees in the Settlement executed on the Estate Bi^ Marriage of Henry Tonge, Esquire, and Ann Eliza hi*

Wife, to sell and dispose of a Capital Messuage or Mansion House, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Somerset, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Old South Sea Annuities, upon the Trusts of the said Settlement; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, for Sir A3 vesting the Lands and Estates of Melgund and Kynnynd- mond, and other Lands and Estates comprised in the Kl ’ Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sir Alexander 5s, Murray,

[fli#

1

1

4;

if!

it

32 Geo. III. 25° Aprilis. 731

Murray, Baronet, upon the Thirteenth Day of Septemr her One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled. and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and tinder the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

unto; which they had directed him to reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

& 11' 'M

rlJH

Ik

»i

i i

i®i-.

lot:

vjck1

e

row

he

Petition for A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Provision1 to ^hereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates and Inhabit-Penn'inn and an*-s *n the Parish of and Parts adja-

Honiton cent, in the County of Devon, was presented to the Roads Bill. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the Axminster and Honiton Turnpike Acts; and that the Road leading from the Extent of the present Buildings down Clapper Lane, in the Town of and from thence,

through Combrawleigh Church Town, to the Branch of the Honiton Turnpike Road leading towards Taunton, and passing through the several Parishes of Honiton and Combrawleigh aforesaid, is greatly out of Repair, incommodious, and in many Places narrow, and that, if the said Road was widened and amended, under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Axminster and Honiton Turnpike Acts, it would open a convenient Communication between Honiton and Combrawleigh, aforesaid, and the said Branch of the

Taunton Turnpike, be a great Benefit and Accommodation to the Inhabitants of Honiton and leigh, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Branch of Road, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bury Sf. Edmunds; i and Thetfoid £ . Road Bill . r': reported.

iVi- .

o; e '

iebs

to,

,\C-

sJb

rettt

.IcK

10 r

0

jajft

b‘»

iA

j so^ LeedsChurch Itflifl'' Bill reported.

oi

Act,*

ti#‘

Mr. Randyll Burch reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, to and through the Town of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, to the present Turnpike Road leading from through the Parish

of Cranu ick, in the said County of Norfolk: was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Mordaunt Milner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-Voi. 47.

Mr. Chcen reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates of the Annual Value of 878/. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owmers of Estates of the Annual Value of 73/. who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Amount of the Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure is of the Annual Value of 12,374/. and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Turkdin the County of Gloucester.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 45. 1. 17. Leave out from " commence" to " And" in Pr. 46. 1. 11.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Na-

o o

vigable Canal from the Town of Manchester, to or near the Towns of Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The

Mold Inclo* sure Bill reported.

Lords

Amendment to Turkdean Inclosure Bill

agreed to.

Manchester

and Asliton under Lyne Canal Bill reported.

Leave given SirGeoJack-on to be absent from the Cirencester Election Committee.

Leave given the Ciiences-ter Election Committee to adjourn.

Stanley Inclosure Bill ieported.

Tewkesbury Poor Bill reported.

732 25° Aprilis. A. 1792.

The House being informed, That Sir George son, one of the Members of the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, had some very important Business to transact, on Friday and on Saturday next, which required his Personal Attendance at the Distance of at least Ninety Miles from London, having made Appointments to meet several Persons at such Place, some of whom likewise are to come from a considerable Distance, and that it would be attended with very material Injury to his Affairs if not permitted to attend such Engagements;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 18th Day of June 1789, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Leave given to Sir Samuel Hannay to be absent from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of certain Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City and Liberty of Westminster, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

And the Matter so alleged by Sir George Jackson being taken down in Writing, the said Sir George Jackson was sworn at the Table to the Truth thereof.

Ordered, That the said Sir George Jackson have Leave to absent himself from his Attendance on the said Select Committee, on Friday and on Saturday next, on his private Affairs.

Lord Viscount Parker, from the said Select Committee, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee (in case the House should give Leave to Sir George Jackson to be absent on Friday and on Saturday next) to move the House, That they might have Leave to adjourn, at the Rising of the Committee Tomorrow, until Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, such Adjournment being with the Consent of all Parties.

And Lord Viscount Parker moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for the special Cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Liberty of Stanley, in the County of Derby, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Anthony Hemming, Gentleman, Agent for Legh Master, Esquire, was referred; That no Person appeared before the Committee in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Martin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and belonging to the Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, end made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place-; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Ameudments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Provincial Synod of Perth and Petition! so; Stirling, met at Stirling the 18th Day of April 1792:

And also, Trok.

A Petition of the Minister, Elders, Heritors, Heads of Families, and others, Inhabitants of the Parish of Kippen, in the Counties of Perth and Stirling, convened in the Parish Church on Monday the 16th Day of April 1792: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Beeralston and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Presbytery of Caithness;

Were severally presented to the House, and read:

Praying for an immediate Abolition of the African Slave Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House wilmot’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divom a upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An deftrni Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wilmot, Esquire, with Fanny Saint hill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes thereto mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, Waterb to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Hoad Bill of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of «P°rtei His present Majesty, for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Westcrham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limp field, to the Village of Titsey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Walsingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual an Act, made „

1 n aixr <» 1 JC . T. l)iu «orma

in the I wenty-seventh l ear of the Reign of His present iDgwic. Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Im- Jamaica^ " portation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, free " and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Sevan- Act paiSli " nah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucca, in the " Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the

" Island

I 32 Geo. III.

733

>1 Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the

a '* Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in

4 " the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama

k " Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions,"

k was read the Third Time.

:«i Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

k be, An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the

Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present

be Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Iin-

" portation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, -" nah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the " Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the > " " Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the

i " Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in

" the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama

" Islands, under certain Regulations and Restricts " tions."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

i of

Expiring Laws Bill

:ud: P"*1-

iers i it 3d m r the 11), fcur*

sue ifi

i«,l&

M

w

tliiO.'S

tki

iik'

Pur,

eii

nj.ii

: ki

:Ffl

theU

rfc

I.BB

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's, Hydrometer; and to the allowing the

Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

P a Petition A Petition of the Merchants and others, of Totnes,

bil\ against the in the County of Devon, carrying on Fisheries, trading,

i‘cea Newfound- to, and immediately interested in, the Fisheries and ‘ ture Billand Trade of the Island of Newfoundland, was presented to Bill for En- the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-rt!SJ couragement turners are greatly alarmed at the Contents of Two wi'K of the Fishe- Bills now before the House, intending to establish ;er(3 new Courts and other Restrictions at Newfoundland,

'1|iJ 06 which they fear will further add to the Distress of that

t *1* Fishery and the Trade depending thereon: That they

1have felt for many Years past the declining State of the said Fishery and Trade very materially, and at-ieots* tribute it to the many Burthens and Restrictions al-

ready imposed: And therefore praying, That the House will institute an Enquiry into the real Causes of , sde the declining State of the Fishery and Trade, and enact

such Laws as to the House shall appear necessary for e 1®' their Relief and Protection.

\Yst£. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

jjififf Table.

iik Vol. 47.

) ,

JjiiJ

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Main waring’# for naturalizing Anne Marie Mainwaring and James NauBiiiread.

Maxnwaring, was read the First Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be read a Second time;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ventura’# for naturalizing Joseph Ventura, was read the First Nat. Billread. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the thereunder signed Heritors of the Petition for County of Berwick, was presented to the House, and additional read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing an Act, i^rwick" lo of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, Roadi'&c.

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads Bill.

" from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or " near Banghouse Walls, to Compton's Lanes and " mouth, and from the Town of Eccles to " and from Whitelaw Muir to Comptons Lanes, in the County of Berwick,"and for repairing, widening, and amending, several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour in the said County of Berwick; and Setting forth, That the Branch of Road, from where the Road from SwintonQuarries, through Whitsom,

joins the present Turnpike Road, through Allantoun, to Chirnside, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be made and repaired by the Funds arising from the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall appear proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Home, Sir Steuart Den-ham, &c.: And they are to meet To-monw Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the BH1 to extend Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ^ct intituled, "An Act to impower the Magistrates Wages ofSilk " therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages Manufactuof Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within r«w ordered. " their respective Jurisdictions," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Provisions of the said Act to Manufactories of Silk mixed with other Materials, and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Silk, purloined and embezzled by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof: And that Mr. Maxnwaring, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Goldgwor-to empower Philip Goldsworthy, Esquire, Tenant for Life g^’ under the Will of Martha Gashry, deceased, to grant 0 rea ‘ Building or Repairing Leases, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Law#relating Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the ^Por* whole House, to consider of the Laws relating to the sheep, be. Importation of Sheep, and of Measures to be adopted to be for the Purpose of improving British Wool. considered.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Middlesex resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Justices Bill upon the Bill for the more effectual Administration of d*ferred* the Office of a Justice of Peace in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

9 A The

734 25°~W Aprilis. A. 1792.

Commute? The O.cdflr of the Day b»h»g read, for the House to <« the Pub- itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Md Expen- to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most diture, &c. Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates deferred. to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevea-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ®n whole House, to consider further of Measures to be

ttonof the *T ta^n for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by Slave Trade. British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Two of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 26° Aprilis;

Anno 32® Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

Lords r| ''RE House proceeded to take into Consideration

"Montrose* ^ie Amendments made by the Lords to the

Bridge Bill Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over agreed to the River South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar, and for making suitable Approaches thereto.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 38. Leave out " Ten Feet deep," and insert " deepest;" and in the same Line, after " Water," insert " or " as near thereto as conveniently " may be."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That, Mr. David Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agfeed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hastings. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do gp, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers-

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster and dear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading the reto^ to attend their Service in die House immediately; «nHt if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And being returned;

Mi. Jpeaker resumed the Chair.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common- Petition alty of the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, against tie and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe that Bills are now depending in the House for making tur« Bfll, ti further Regulations in the Government of Bill for L

land, and the Newfoundland Fishery, the Provisions of couraS" which will lay additional Restrictions on the Trade to *ke Newfoundland from this Country; that such Trade to Newfoundland being carried on to a very considerable Extent from different Places within the Port of Exeter, and the Trade of the said City being much connected with it, the Petitioners conceive it to be their Duty to represent to the House, that for many Years past the said Trade has been in a declining State, arising in a great Measure, as the Petitioners are informed, from the Restrictions and Burthens already laid upon it, and they are apprehensive the Provisions proposed by the said Bills w ill still increase the Difficulties and Embarrassments under which it labours, and operate as a great Discouragement to the Enter-prize and Exertions of all Persons concerned therein, and by this Means a Trade which has been, and in its ordinary Course might continue to be, of the most essential Advantage to this Country, must be considerably diminished, if not totally ruined: And therefore the Petitioners hope, That, before any further Progress is made in a Matter of so much Importance, the Hoase will institute an Enquiry into the present State of the Newfoundland Trade, the Causes of its present Decline, and the probable Esse.cts of the proposed Regulations, and that the Bills, now depending in the House for the Purposes aforesaid, may be suspended, until a full Investigation has taken Place for the Information of the House, with respect to the present reduced State of the said Trade, and that such Measures may be taken for its Relief and Protection as to the House, upon such Enquiry, shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders to New- Ditto. foundland of the City of Exeter, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, the Petitioners understanding the re is a Bill now depending before the House for establishing, a Court, of Judicature, and other Regulations, in the Island of Newfoundland, the Petitioners are alarmed, and, from the very precarious Situation of the Fishery, and the rapid Decline thereof in the Course of a few Years, therefore request the House will take the Matter under Consideration, and that the State and Situation of the

Trade

32 Geo. III. 26° A^nlxs.

735

>k

The Lords have agreed to

Lottery Bill,

Militia Pay ft Bill.

5 I

iaid

Land Tax Coramis-|p|. sioners

I ill-

Names Bill.

mv

< i

i&'Afi- j., Dj Of1®

tV!

II

e to

tide

Indemnity

Bill.

E*

ton-fiitt Xm hi are ia* iiraij

e Di

h>

ar.u i the ss be $ l:ii

uif h

jci t bi

: CtS ts oi G nO* i aiio? is

i fc#

tie, tf

cil>The Lords have passed Taylor's and Elderton’s A Vi Agreement

*1*

ifr

ajW*

{t^VfrJHasting's Trial.

ft

Trade maybe fully iavesftigwed btefore the above still be suffered to pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were sevtrtilty ordered to tie upon the Table.

A Message -fro* the Lords, by Mr. Graces and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia* in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one;" and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and N nety-two; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Ser-

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; for imdemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by LaW, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; and for allowing further Time to such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into between the Reverend John Taylor, Curate of the Curacy of Clifton, in the Parish of Westhury upon Tryfn, in the County of Gloucester, and Harry of the

City of Bristol, Gentleman, for granting a Building Lease of a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground' belonging1 to the said Curacy; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And1 also,

The Lords have commanded us tb acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastthgs, Esquire, oh Tuesday Voi. 47.

Morning 'ne*t, at Ten Of the Ciodk, in

Hall.

And theh the Messengers Withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Taylor* and Act for confirming and carrying into Execution cer- EWerton’s tain Articles 6f Agreement, made and entered into between t!he Reverend John Taylor, Curate of the Curacy of Clifton, in the Parish of West b in

the County of Gloucester, and Harry Elderlon, of the City of Bristol, Gentleman, for granting a Building Lease of a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the said Curacy, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Traders, Manufacturers, and In- Petition habitants, of the Town of Dartmouth, was presented against the to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Pe- u

titioners are much alarmed at the Contents of a Bill mento?ilw now in the House, which contains Matter that they Fisheries, fear will bte injurious to, and further reduce, the Newfoundland Fishery, on which the Existence of the Petitioners, their Families, and Thousands besides in this Country, depends; and that the Burthens and Restrictions, laid on the said Fishery by Laws passed of late Years, have materially lessened the Business and Occupation of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration the Causes of such Reduction, and that the Bills now before the House ihay not be passed into a Law, and that the House would themselves institute an Enquiry into the State and Means of the said Fishery and Trade, and would pass such Laws as would be found necessary for its Relief and Protection.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and against others, Owners of Estates within the Divisions of Lewknor In-Lewknor and Postcombe, in the Manor and Parish of c*0Bure Bi Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Divisions of Lewknorand Postcombe, in the Manor and Parish

of Lewknor, in the County oiOxford; and Setting forth,

That the Petitioners are possessed of considerable Estates within the said Manor and Parish, which would be materially prejudiced by the said Bill, if the same should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papfers, and Records.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom inglruction the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are for ad-therriunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and dmonal others; Owners and Occupiers of Estate’s within the Carmarthen County of Carmarthen, was referred; That the Com- Roads Bill, ihittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, aiidhad dirddted him to report the satn6, as it appeared

to

736 26 Aprilis.A. 1792.

to them, to tile House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several printed Newspapers, called The Hereford Journal, and The Bristol J, of the nth, 14th, and 18th Days of this Instant April, were produced to your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for repairing, altering and improving the several Roads described in the Petition, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House on the 16th Day of March last. And,

Mr. Matthew Williams informed your Committee, That, agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notice of Application had been affixed on the Door of the Sessions House for the County of Carmarthen, at the last Easter Sessions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of to the Turnpike Road leading from the new Bridge over the River Towy to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandarog, and also the Road from Cae-Cappel-Issa, in the Parish of Llangathen, to the Town of Llanelly, and also the Road from the Cross Road, in the Parish of Llanvihangel Aberbythych, to Pantyllin

wenlles, and the Village of Llandibye, and also the Road from a Place called Cross Inn, in the said Parish of Llangathen, to the Turnpike Road leading from Llandibye to Llandarog, all in the County of Carmarthen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing, altering and improving the several Pieces of Road described in the said Petition, all lying in the County of Carmarthen.

Bill to re- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to wove Stand whom the Bill for removing the Stand of Hackney Cooches°out loaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, of Bond the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the

St eet. Liberty of Westminster, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Manchester An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a unde^Lyne Navigable Canal from the Town of Manchester, to or Canal fiiiT near the Towns of Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, all passed. in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Manchester, to or near the Towns of Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Instruction Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom for addition- t],e Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are to Ford and* thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Lowick others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates, in the Roads Bill. County of Northumberland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several printed Newspapers, called The Newcastle ' rant, of the 24 th and 31st Days of March last, and the 7th Day of this Instant April, were produced to your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for repairing and improving the several Roads described in the Petition, are inserted agree-

able to the Leave granted by the House on the 16th Day of March last. And,

Mr. John Bryers, and Mr. John Carr, informed your Committee, That, agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notices of Application had been affixed on the Doors of the Sessions Houses for the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, at the last Easter, Sessions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and improving the Roads leading from Cornhill Burn, by Pallinsbum and Flodden Lane, to Millfield March Bum, and by Ford Bridge, to Lowick, and also from Ford Bridge, through Etal, to Duddoc Burn, [otherwise Bum,

adjoining to the Berwick Turnpike Road, and also for shutting up and stopping certain Bye Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Northumberland, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and improving the several Pieces of Road described in the said Petition, all lying in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Hexhauud the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of Allendale the Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, IwlosmBiU called Hexhamshire and Allendale Common, and also reporW

the Town Fields within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for stinting the Depasturing of the other Parts of the said Commons, Moor, or Waste Land, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands assessed to the Poor’s Rate at 1,0411. 135. 8 d. who objected to the Inclosure; and also, except the Owners of Lands so assessed at 597 /. 10 who refused to sign the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are assessed at 8,640 /. 16s.; and that no Person apt peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and PtW'onfK Neighbourhood of Bradford, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Praying for fradt. an immediate Abolition of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Additional the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petitionto thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates and Inhabitants in the Parish of Combrawleigh, and Parts adja- RoadsB,ii cent, in the County of Devon, was referred; That the reported. Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, it not being thought necessary to specify it in the Notice given of the

Application

32 Geo. III. 26° April,s.

737

4

Ju

k

k

)ifi.

r^ri

‘0!

m,

1 ici

1%

-ion eve- all ni

Is si;

ak'

M

lia

id

!!d;

taai

lid’

ora-

ud

on-

Si-

.ni

.it

tftei

6»;

i4si

Bf

N

iua

Iasi

tee

'F53 Committee fa on ’Wilmot’s

q;Jid divorce Bill.

i*»

b;«

at.*

in a

it F*1’

visit

iri

l»s

its*

,ps

it

Application to Parliament for the Road

Bill, the Whole of the Road (which is only about One Mile and a Quarter in Length) lying within One of the Parishes mentioned in that Notice; that it is not intended to erect any Turnpike, or to take any Toll in consequence of adding this Piece of Road, and that the Whole of the Money necessary to be laid out upon the Road is ready to be advanced; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared, to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George Smith, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Honiton Street down Clapper Lane in the Town of Honiton, and from thence through Combrawleigh Church Town, to the Branch of the Honiton Turnpike Road leading towards Taunton, is greatly out of Repair, incommodious, and in many Places narrow, and that if the same was properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, it would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Terms of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to or near to Shipley Lane, in the Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and divers other Roads, forming the Second, Third, and Fourth Districts of the Roads therein mentioned, and for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Quandoe's Gate, in the County of Dorset, over Hazckchurch Down, towards the Lyme Regis Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hawkchurch and Whitechurch Cannonicorum, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending and widening the Road from Honiton Street down Clapper Lane, in the Town of Honiton, to Clapper Lane Bridge, and so on, through the Town of Combrawleigh, to the present Turnpike

Road leading from Honiton towards Taunton.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the i.‘.grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wilmot, Esquire, with Fanny Sainthill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Elijah Impeytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Elijah Impey reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

131^ BishopWcar-|j;# mouth Bridge re-committed

Lie

of and again re-y# committed:

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge across the River JVear, from the Banks or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bishop WYarmouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk in

the same County, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and Vol. 47-

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Bastard presented to the House (according to Beerllarijour Order) a Bill for making a Harbour in the Cove of lil11 i>rt' Beer, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to LevantTrade Order, a Bill to extend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign Cl' of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade " into the Levant SeasAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Motion for n posed. That this House will resolve itself into a Com- t.'omnuti.-f mittee of the whole House, to inquire into the State th, nLw" of the Trade to Newfoundland, and into the Nature of foundlumi the Grievances complained of by the Merchants en- Trade, with-gaged in the Fishery. drawn.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- xewfounding next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole land Indica-House, upon the Bill for establishing Courts of Judi- ture Bill de-cature in the Island of Newfoundland and the Islands lerred-adjacent.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Bill for En-Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the °ies, put off* Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Two intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Mouths.

" Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland,

" and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and " others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports "thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Middlesex ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole Justices Bill House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Adminis- deterred, tration of the Office of a Justice of Peace in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making Provision, if necessary, for defraying such Expences as may be incurred in providing for the more effectual Administration of Justice in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie inland near the Metropolis.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Day appointed tncoasider of Provision for defrayiua

y r>

Expeners f<,r the Administration of Justice in Middlesex.

Wil mol's Divorce Bill passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Kingston and Sheet bridge Road Bill.

Reedsd.de and Corsen side Inclosure Dill.

Aynlio Inclosure Bill.

Bradford Road Bill.

Hull and Beverly Road Bill.

The Lords have passed Baron de Clifl'ord’s Estate Bill.

Earl Fitz-william's, &c. Exchange Bill.

27 Aprilis. A. 1792.

Veneris, 27° Aprilis;

Anno 32° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1792. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Esquire,

with Fanny Saint hill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge near Peter in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Waste Lands, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor of Reedsdale, and Parish of Corscns in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places in the Parish of Aynho, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Lane,

near the Town of Bradford, in the County of , to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge,

in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for repairing the Road from Bridge to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the Leasehold Estates of Eduard Baron de Clifford, in Spring Garden, in Middlesex, from the Pin Money, Jointure, and Younger Childrens Portions secured thereon, and for making such Portions the First Charge upon the Residue of the Funds subjected thereto, and for empowering the Trustees of the said Baron de Clifford to sell the Remainder of the said Leaseholds, and apply the Produce upon the Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and, until Sale, to grant Building and Repairing Leases; to which the Lords, desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating certain Exchanges between the Right honourable the Earl Fitzxrilliam and Francis Foljambc, Esquire, and the Right honourable the Lord

Hawke and the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and to enable Trustees to make future Exchanges of a detached Part of the Estates of the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Ross reported from the Committee, to Livinpta whom the Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers G*isf of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the T°p>Li Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at or near Theevesford, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow, for altering a Part of the High Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of the Hills, and another Line of Road by the South, and for straightening and making the Roads more convenient, as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgato to the Town of Hamilton, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde below the present old Bridge called Bothwell Bridge, as also, for altering the Road from the Town of Hamilton Eastward, until it joins the great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Houseie the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Barnn* Act for discharging Part of the Leasehold Estates of Edu ard Baron dc Clifford, in Spring Garden, in Mid- vea(j. dlesex, from the Pin Money, Jointure, and Younger Childrens Portions secured thereon, and for making such Portions the First Charge upon the Residue of the Funds subjected thereto, and for empowering the Trustees of the said Baron de Clifford to sell the Remainder of the said Leaseholds, and apply the Produce upon the Trusts, of his Marriage Settlement, and, until Sale, to grant Building and Repairing Leases, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voices 10 Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest Commons, ]"c] and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Basford, in Bill, the County of Nottingham, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for widening, altering, and repair- Swell Wot ing, the Roads from Swell Wold, in the County of Glou- ?ndCn^' easier, to or near the Sixth Mile Stone, on the Turnpike gj Road leading from the Borough of Tewkesbury to the Town of Stow, in the same County, and from the North-East End of The Szvan Lane, in the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County, to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the Parish of Sedgborough, in the County of Worcester; and from the Town of Winchcomb, in the said County of Gloucester, by a Place called Stamp Cross, to or near the Tenth Mile Stone on the said Turnpike Road, leading from

Tewkesbury

32 Geo. III. 27° Aprilis.

739

|a *, ft*:

tr

n

luJ j 6j'st

i«4

O'llt,

son

tt (tin. lift H5K ;r^5 fulfil,

fag;

»2rji ' tie )nce :by

:M,

Tetvkesbury to Slow aforesaid, was read the Third

Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 27. 1. 1. After " Hands" to insert, " the " future neat and remaining Monies in their or either of their " Treasurers or Collectors Hands " from Time to Time;" and to leave out " always."

1. 5. To leave out from " Year" to " after" in 1. 6.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and repairing, the Roads from Swell Wold, in the Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester, to or near the Sixth Mile Stone on the Turnpike lload, leading from the Borough of to the Town

of Stow, in the same County, and from the North-East End of The Swan Lane, in the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County, to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the Parish of Sedgeborough, in the County of Worcester; and from the Town of Winchcom b,in the said County of Gloucester, by a Place called Stamp Cross, to or near the Tenth Mile Stone on the said Turnpike Road, leading from Tewkesbury to Store aforesaid.

Ordered, That Captain Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bristol Gaols The Lord Sheffield presented to the House, accord- Bill preseii- ing to Order, a Bill for building a new Gaol, a Peni-ed' tentiary House, and House of Correction, within the

City of Bristol: And the same w'as received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near, Pontnewynydd, into the River Uske, at or near isi i and Newport the Town of Newport, and a Navigable Cut or Canal i:!f- Canal re- from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, i: I ^mitted to, or near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of ' Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Rail-

ir> ways, or Stone Roads, from such Navigable Cuts or

lfol> Canals to several Iron Works and Mines, in the

,3 Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, was re-com-

Ijij.;, mitted, be received upon Morning next.

,:i: ' Day ap-I; pointed for receiving Report of Trevethin

" , SuutliMalling !tl*' Road Bill re-Kep- ported.

;ae.

,e If-

d-1

oaffi

j 0

0!

nj !o

;-ipike fd own ®

by* ti $ k 0

(seK’

The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter and amend the Pow ers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twentieth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lczces, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence, through Firle Street under the Hill, to Long-bridge, in the Parish of Ain the County of Sussex (except so far as the said Acts relate to that Part of the said Road which lies between a Place, commonly called Bopeep, in the Parish of Alciston, and Long bridge aforesaid) and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Vox.. 47.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment?, bo ingrossed.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Mane-lu-iicr whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Fifth r.ndg-isle-rd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets, r,|HU " Lanes, and Passages, within the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen,

" and for preventing Annoyances within the said " Towns," and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and for watching the said Towns, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and regulating Carmen and Porters, for widening and rendering more convenient several of the Streets,

Lanes, and Passages, for opening Communications with some of such Streets, and for regulating Party Walls within the said Towns, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s ’Fable:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to K„iton Iurlo-whom the Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a sure and Bav-certain Common or Waste Ground, called Bolton Moor, ‘Vr-li:il and other the Commons and Waste Grounds within reported, the Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes,

Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, and for supplying the said Towns wdth Water, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs within the said Towns, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties' having Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Land of the Annual Value of 30/. who is in the East Indies; and also, except the Proprietor of Land of the Annual Value of 20/. who made no Objection to the Inclosure, but refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property of Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of 2,683/. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

740 27° Aprilis. . 1792.

Berwick Mr. Home reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads, &c. tjje gill for repealing an Act, of the Twelfth Year of and recorn-6' ’^'s Present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repair-ir:it£ed. " ing and widening the Roads from the Confines of " the County of Berwick, at or near Walls,

" to Compton's Lanes and and from the

" Town of Eccles to and from

" Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of " wic/c;" and for repairing, widening, and amending several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour, in the said County of was committed;

and to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Heritors, Tenants of Lands, and Inhabitants in the County of Berwick, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Petition from Mr. Adam reported from the Committee, to whom Proprietors, gie Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are FdUor"of thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Printers, News papers, and Editors of Newspapers, Magazines, and other &c. reported. Daily or Temporary Publications, on Behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the like Branches of the Printing Trade, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, and in the Twenty-second and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, whereby certain Penalties are inflicted on Persons Printing, Advertizing, or Publishing Proposals or Schemes relative to Chances of Prizes in Public Lotteries, or other illegal Transactions relating thereto, were read. And,

Mr. Thomas Wright, a Newspaper Printer, being examined, said, That the said Acts of Parliament, and the Penalties thereof, were not understood by the Petitioners, or the Trade in general, to extend to them, until Michaelmas Term last, when the Judgment of the Court of King’s Bench was given, for the First Time, in an Action brought for Recovery of Penalties under the said Acts, or One of them, against the Printer of a public Newspaper, for an Advertisement contained in such Paper.

That, previous to such Decision, the Petitioners and others had unfortunately printed, published, and circulated certain Schemes, Plans, and Proposals relative to public Lotteries; but since the Judgment of the Court of King’s Bench, in November last, no such Schemes have been published, as the Doubts, which had before been entertained on those Subjects, were then removed.

That, soon after such Judgment was given, Actions were commenced against several of the Petitioners, demanding Penalties to the Amount of between 50 and 60,0001.: and, unless an Indemnity is granted, the Consequences, must be attended with inevita-

ble Ruin to most of the Persons against whom such Actions are brought

And the Witness added, That several of the Actions now depending are brought in the Name of George Goodwin, and prosecuted by George Crosley, an Attorney in the Court of King’s Bench — That when some of those Actions were originally brought in the Name of George Goodwin, they were found to be defective in Form, and were quashed by the Court; since when new. Actions have been commenced, but that no Declarations were filed in those Actions, until Saturday last, the 21st Instant.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify and save harmless all Persons being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers, Magazines, and other Daily or Temporary Publications, who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and " Perry, to raise Money, by Way of a Lottery, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-two, and for transferring the De-' ficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax for u the said Year; and for giving Time for inserting " the Money given with Apprentices in their Indentures, and touching lost Bills, Tickets, or Orders,

" and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer " for Certificates, and for suppressing Lotteries denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries, and " for enlarging the Time for the Accountant General of the Bank of England to return Duplicates of " Annuities into the Exchequer;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the more effectual preventing of excessive and " deceitful Gaming;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to render more effectual the Laws " now in being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries:"

And that Mr. Adam and Mr. Erskine do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Home reported from the Committee, to whom Addition! the Petition of the thereqnder signed Heritors of the Petitions County of Berwick, was referred. That the Com- jjer''lck mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Bj|]res’^ Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Ninian Home, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Branch of Road from where the Road from Swindon Quarries, through Whitsom, joins the present Turnpike Road through Allantoun to Chimside, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be made and repaired by the Funds arising from the Laws now in Force.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the " Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near " Banghouse Walls, to Compton's Lanes and " and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from " Whitelaw Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of " Bei'wick; " and for repairing, widening, and amending several Roads, and for regulating the Statute

r, Labour,

32 Geo. III. 27° Aprilis.

Ul

Labour, in the said > County of Berwick, is re-cotn-mitted; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from a Place where the Road from Srointon , through Whit-tom, joins the present Turnpike Road through to Chirmide.

et.

h

ft>

st

'VZ 239 1 of :on* a04

i*

aa-

lt

di*

33

jf^A.

SOI

k,

late

Act

and

cdm

a il

a As,

I?

:iii C IiH \uf-

ire.fi!

Earl Fitiwil* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ^'change* Act for effectuating certain Exchanges between the Bill read. Right honourable the Earl FitxwiUtam and Francis Ferrand Fopambe, Esquire, and the Right honourable the Lord Hawke and the said Francis Ferrand jambe, and to enable Trustees to make future Exchanges of a detached Part of the Estates of the said Francis Ferrand was read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

riy’^Ettau An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bill read. Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of

and Kyrmyndmond, and other Lands and Estates com-

prised in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sir Alexander Murray, Baronet, upon the Thirteenth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bridge1 Bid Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according

presented.1 to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River T, from , in the County of Oxford, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Pangbourn, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

dolure Bin"' Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according

presented. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opeu Fields, Coppices, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lambley, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

0 WG

s oh it U

VII-

’iU*

si t

Tonge's Estate Bill read.

tO'JS i; FiS

sis

Peis

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of Henry Tonge, Esquire, and Ann Eliza his Wife, to sell and dispose of a Capital Messuage or Mansion House, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Somerset, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Old South Sea Annuities, upon the Trusts of the said Settlement, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read A Second Time.

lie.

jffl y

entfr

( ii S' rtJ’h

jrce.

to!h

..-.-lie «neat jis4 (iiltio® o#'!

V

liorncaflle Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Navigation whom the Bill for making Navigable the River i repom . Bain, and the Branches thereof, from the Town of Horncastle, to the Junction of the said River with the River Witham, at or near a Place called Dogdike, and for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the said River Witham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, all in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and Vo l.47.

he read the Report in his ttate; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mailman Trench ChiswclL, according to Order, Billtortmov* reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for tb« Stand of removing the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of New Hackee/ Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the Liberty of West- Sumta minster, was committed; and to whom the Petition of reported, several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen; and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the liberty of the City of Westminster, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee tq the said Bill, as far as Clause (A) being severally read* a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Clause (A) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, declaring that no Hackney Coachman shall stand and ply for Hire in Conduit Street,

George Street, Bruton Street, or Grosvenor Street, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting after the Words " Hanover " Square," the Words, " or in Vigo Lane, in the

" Parish of Saint James, Westminster."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, jxhe Lot Tellers or the Noes,

60.

26.

[Mr. Minchin,

[Mr. Adams:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to Clause (A) by inserting therein the Words, " or in Upper or Lower Brook, Street, or in Davies " Street."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Question being proposed, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Clause so amended;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain " and amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year " of His present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers 01 Carts in the Streets in " London, Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly " Bills of Mortality; and for other Purposes in this " Act mentioned, " might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Clause, so amended;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to subject Hackney Coachmen standing and plying for Hire

9 C with

27° Apr

A. 1792.

with their Coaches in the Streets mentioned in the Bill to certain pecuniary Penalties.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the First Blank with the Words " Forty Shillings

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report now be received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and the said Clause was added, by the House, to the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

'Mr. Muilman Trench

Cl listed I, j- 70.

Sir Richard Hill.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- EX(K)rtati(a ing, next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Sugar ta House, to consider of further Regulations respecting k the Exportation of Sugar. ed"

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes J Mr' tellers lor the JNoes, lT))e [ord

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

3i

Southampton The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Poor Bill de- Reading of the Bill for better regulating the Poor of feried. the United Parishes within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the gth Day of May next.

Day appoint- Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, ^of'vtTa* ma<^e in ^ie Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late bonds, icf8' Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act Bill. " to amend and make more effectual the Laws re-

" lating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle " and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sugar Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second commi;t«d. Reading of the Bill for regulating the Exportation of Sugar, and allowing the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commi, te to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Billfor upon the Bill for making the Estates of Bankers and subjecting other Traders subject to the Payment of their Debts after their Decease, be now read. Payment

And the said Order being read accordingly; their Dels.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Elijah Impey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Elijah Impey reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Elijah Impey accordingly reported from the said RepwtoL Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Ameudments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bill rep-, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in8 th'w upon the Bill to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money Chan«rj, upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest deferred, towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and far building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissions of Bankrupts and Lunatics;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of John Dawson, of Liverpool, in the Mr. Dan-County of Lancaster, Merchant, was presented to the *°n’spetlU House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner ["/su'w perceives, by the Second Proposition now depending Trade, before the House respecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade, that it is proposed, that from and after the 1st Day of May 1793, it shall not be lawful to carry any African Negro from the Coast of Africa to any of the Dominions of any Foreign Power in any Ship owned or navigated by British Subjects: That, in the Year 1785, the Petitioner entered into an Agreement or Contract with the Court of Spain for supplying Negroes for the Spanish West India Islands, and in Consequence thereof embarked considerable Property in such Undertaking: That the Petitioner hath ever since continued such Trade, and is now the only Subject of Great Britain actually engaged therein, and from the said Year 1785 only Three Vessels belonging to any other British Subject endeavoured to import any Negroes directly from the Coast of Africa into the Foreign West India Islands, and only One of such Ships

sold her entire Cargo: That the Petitioner hath now Twenty-one Sail of different Vessels employed in the

oa African

32 Geo. III.

27° — 30° Aprilis.

743

4.

s#

V.1

Wee,

ail

jm £‘ia

j

‘J a*

P.i«;

UiKti,

'fai

aii I be

W.i:

IV

Mies; tei

;«!E!

for C;

iteti bJi±I ka

CEE®

Committee

' on Laws for ! preventing jJ!.v illegal Insurances, &c. ou Lotteries.

iii t

im

e:i:ooe

!r;f

leita

flies

any*

aviii-

Pf

[tie

Tied1

a*

iCe»

periT *

x [J ii®J io i*

fiS'i? lh no* i \n» itritf

African Trade, and hath embarked his Property therein to a very considerable Amount, which the Petitioner begs Leave to state, as follows:

Value of the Petitioner’s Ships now employed -Value of Warehouses, Floating Factories, and Factories and Goods contained therein -Value of Cargoes now on Float -Outstanding Property in the Spanish Islands, viz. Tri

cus, Carthagcna, the Havannali,

and Mississipi -

Outstanding Property in the British and French Islands India Goods and other Property prepared, and now on Hand, intended to be exported to the Coast of Africa

58,000

70.000

89.000

J. d.

183,000 ——

45,000 ——

64,000 ——

Total £. 509,000 — —

That if the said Second Proposition should be carried into a Law, and the Petitioner thereby prevented from continuing his said Trade, he apprehends that a Considerable Part of the before stated Property will be lost, as he cannot possibly obtain the Remittances and Returns for the same without continuing the said Trade for several Years; and that, inasmuch as the Petitioner hath been induced to advance so considerable a Property in a Trade which has been hitherto carried on under the Sanction of the Laws of,

therefore praying, That his Case may be taken into Consideration, and that he may be at Liberty to carry on the said Trade for a certain Time to be limited, in order to give the Petitioner an Opportunity of getting in and possessing his said Property, which he hath so embarked therein, or that such other Re-Kef may be granted to the Petitioner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire how far the Laws for preventing illegal Insurances, and other Evils which have been found to attend the Drawing of State Lotteries, are effectual to the Object proposed by them; and to report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Martin, Mr. Fox, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rollc, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Tarlelon, Mr. Grey, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. WhitbrMr. Williams, Ma-

jor Maitland, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Cator, Mr. North, Lord Frederick Campbell, the Lord North, Mr. Hobart, Lord William Russell, Sir William Dolben, Mr. Lamb-ton, Mr. Drake, Mr. Scott, Mr. Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Solicitor General. Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Burdon, Colonel Phipps, Mr. Bastard,

Sir John Sinclair, Sir William Lemon, Mr. Long, Sir James St. Clair Erskine, Mr. Rose, Mr. General

Burgoyne, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. the Earl of

Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Browne, the Lord Bayham, Mr. John Pitt, Major Scott, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Eliot, the Master of the Rolls,

Mr. Morton Pitt, Mr. Robei't Smith, Sir George Jackson; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Vol. 47.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of making Provision, if necessary, for de- the^mmw fraying such Expences as may be incurred in providing station 1 for the more effectual Administration of Justice in such Justice in Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for preresolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, yervation of to consider further of the Rill for the further Increase and Preservation of Timber within The New Forest, Forest, defer-in the County of Southampton, and for the Sale of red.

Rents, and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements in the said Forest;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, amending upon the Rill for amending the Laws of Excise re- relating lating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass; deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider further of Measures to be on Measure* taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by ^‘^'Aboli-jBritish Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves 51^* Tred*. from Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Beaufoy also acquainted the House, That he tvas directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, SO* die Aprilis;

Anno 32* Georgii IIP41 Regis, 1792. Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New in

the County of York, in the Room of William Weddel, Esquire, deceased.

Mr.

Mai ton Writ.

F<irringdoa tid Burford Road Bill reported.

Carmarthenshire Roads Bill presented*

Member added to bring in Southleigh Inclosure Bill.

Southleigh Inclosure Bill presented.

Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers, &c. Indemnity Bill presented.

744 30° A prills. A. 1792.

Mr. Vanslttart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Iteign of Mis present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Farrin, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rice presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Golden Grorce Park, in the Parish of -hfawr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the new Bridge over the River Torn) to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandarog, and also the Road from Cae-Cap-pel-Issa, in the-Parish of Llangathen, to the Town of Llanelly, and also the Road from the Cross Road, in the Parish of Llanvihangel Aberbythych, to Panlyllin,

Pentregwenlles, and the Village of Llandibye, and also the Road from a Place called Cross Inn, in the said Parish of Llangathen, to the Turnpike Road leading from Llandibye to Llandarog, all in the County of Carmarthen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved’, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Edward Gore, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Southleigh, in the County of Oxford, and Owner of a very great Part of the Lands within the Manor and Parish of Southleigh aforesaid.

Mr. Rice presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields. Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Heaths, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Chapelry of Southleigh, in the Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Adam presented, to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify and save harmless all Persons being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers, Magazines, and other Daily or Temporary Publications, who may have incurred Penalties and Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum,

" Cyder, and Perry, to raise Money, by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Twenty-two, and for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land " Tax for the said Year; and for giving Time for " inserting the Money given with Apprentices in their " Indentures, and touching lost Bills, Tickets, or Orders, and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates, and for suppressing Lot-4‘ teries denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries,

" and for enlarging the Time for the Accountant 41 General of the Bank of England to return Duplicates

" of Annuities into the Exchequer;" and also, an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the more effectual preventing of excessive and " deceitful Gaming;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the " Sale of Lottery Tickets;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in " being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers CnllinRtiw of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign Road Biii of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening paHtd-the Road from Colling ham, through to the

City of York, was read the Third Time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through JVetherby, to the City of York.

Ordered, That Sir William M Miltiet' do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for building a new Church or LMdsCWi Chapel in the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding Bl11 of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir William Mordaunt Milner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for removing the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Hackm/ Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in Coact«« the Liberty of Westminster, was read the Third Time. of Bond

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for removing the Stand of Hackneypasse ’ Coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Muilman Trench Chiswell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Stathem lathe Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable purei" Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stathem, in the County of Leicester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 8 Oxgangs of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owner of One Cottage Right and Two Homesteads who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 121 i Oxgangs of Land, 13 Cottage Rights, and Niue Homesteads; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterward*

io

v,

s Act

iat,

'Uli ict i:t

N

list- Grantham

Canal Bill u'ei committed.

10* c

’ a

i'll®

p.5 Penn Inn and

"90J Honiton teaj? Roads Bill [g |i j reported.

of a

Bui

Ik

cam

e.

i or I'

side 1 to

carry

'ki[

an ul 'ime.:

iVr

ickner'

to*

ifi Order of

Plymouth )rr Dock Water

Billdischarged, and another Bill ordered.

[U^ uli i to

illbl

5lfe4

Plymouth I $ Dock Water

; ,# Bill present-

efr ed‘

ors#

; d

Petitions gDll against

Lewknor In- closure Bill.

S 01

ait; e to

leuis; to

and

irJi

32 Geo. III. 30° Aprilis. 745

afterwards delivered the Sill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near cliffe in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. chin, Sir John Thorold, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Terms of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Pam Inn, in the County of Dorset, to or near to Shipley Lane, in the Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and divers other Roads, forming the Second, Third, and Fourth Districts of the Roads therein mentioned; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Quandoe’s Gate, in the County of Dorset, over Hawkchurch Down, towards the Lyme Regis Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hawkchurch and fVhitechurch Cannonicorum, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 20th Day of this Instant April, " That Leave be " given to bring in a Bill for supplying His Majesty’s Dock Yard, the Town of Plymouth Dock, and the " Parts adjacent, with Water," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the Town of Plymouth Dock, and the Parts adjacent, with Water: And that Mr. Rolle, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Bastard, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for supplying the Town of Plymouth Dock, and the Parts adjacent, with Water: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Estates in the Divisions of Postcomb and Lewknor, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, on Behalf of themselves, and others of the Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, Vol. 47.

within the Divisions of Lewknor and in the

Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others will be materially prejudiced by the said Bill, should it pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Another Petition of several Proprietors of Estates, in the Divisions of Postcomb and Lewknor, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, on Behalf of themselves, and others of the Proprietors, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of Benjamin New, one of the Proprietors of Estates in the Division of Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner being applied to, to sign a Petition to the House for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Divisions of Lewknor and Post-comb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, he was induced to sign it by being told Mr. Cooper and all the other Proprietors, except himself, had signed; but the Person who brought it to him refused to read it, stating he was in a hurry: That he would by no Means have signed it, had he not been imposed on, and, finding that a great Number of the Proprietors are averse to the Act’s taking Place, and as he would be prejudiced by the said Bill should it pass into a Law, therefore praying, That he may be at Liberty to withdraw the Petition signed by him and that he may be heard by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road leading from to

Greenock by Corsehill, and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and the Bridge at Inchin-nan, and for more effectually making and repairing and altering the Course of the said Road from Renfrew to Greenock, and for making and repairing other Roads connecting the rewith, and leading to and from Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, and the Branches thereof, and for shutting up Bye Roads that are useless to the Public, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock by Corsehill, and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and the Bridge at and for

more effectually making and repairing and altering

9 D the

Mr. New’*

Petition

against

Lewknor Inclosure Bill.

Renfrew Roads Bill passed.

1

746

30® Apri

A. 1792.

the Course of the said Road from Renfrew to Greenock, repairing the Footways, and regulating the Market,

and for making and repairing other Roads connecting the rewith, and leading to and from Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, and the Branches thereof, and for shutting up Bye Roads that are useless to the Public.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Stewart do carry die Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

within the said Town of Warminster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for Roads leading from the —

Beer Harbour

repainng several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads in or near the said Town, for re-A Bill for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, pairing several Roads in, and leading through, the

Bill commit- in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time. ted* Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

cretary at War, Mr. Bastard, meet this Afternoon, at Five Speaker’s Chamber.

Se-

&c.: And they are to of the Clock, in the

Town of Warminster, and for paving and repairing the Footways, and regulating the Market, within the said Town of Warminster.

Ordered, That Sir James Tylney Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dunstable Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to and Hockliffe Order, a Bill for continuing the Terms, and altering

r>__-n.ii . , -w~v i . i

Roads Bill presented

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Suoleylntlo-Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or*ure1'1" and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in Liberty of Stanley, in the County of Derby, was read the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i. 1.18. After " same," to insert, " and Legh

Anne, the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of The White Horse, to the Sign of The King's Arms, in Hockliffe aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

" Master, Esquire, is entitled to the Great Tythes arising and be-

U

March Inclo-u:e Bill reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Long do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for di-

viding,

allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and

coming due within the said Manor " or Liberty of Stanley."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Liberty of Stanley, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Henry Bridgemanreported from the Committee, Buritonai

to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and al-

Waste Grounds within the Town or Hamlet of March, in the Manor and Parish of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands,

Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or

Hamlets of March and Wimblitigton, and in the Parish Twelfth Year of iTis present Majesty, for repairing,

of Upxvell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cam* widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from bridge, was committed. Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to

Mr. Samuel Long accordingly reported from the said Llanymynech, in the same County, and from Knockin to Committee, That the Committee had examined, and the £ast gn<j of the Llanriader Road, and from Place found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative of Inclosure, had been complied with; and

tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the reportei

to Bills

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of l6 Common Rights, who were against the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 21 Common Rights, who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Number of Common Rights consists of 180; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and in mossed* afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ° in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

Carrick Lane to the Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath, to the East End of Knockin Lane, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

An ingrossed Bill for making Navigable the River Homcauk Bain, and the Branches thereof, from the Town of Horncastle, to the Junction of the said River with the 1 p u River Wilham, at or near a Place called Dogdike, and

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be for amending and 'rendering complete the Navigable

ingrossed.

Warminster

Roads,

Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the

Communication between the said River Witham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, all in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for Bill, by Way of Ryder, to enable the Lords of certain amending several other Roads in or near the said Manors to repair the Works, and for reimbursing them Town, for repairing several Roads in, and leading the Expence.

through, the Town of Westminster., and for paving and And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon

the

‘5

Tn

Otft in

turcj

ffi'i

ijtj

? teeii «r or* read

lin

id !*. Hia

if'lh

Tills

am

trot'

tie

iasf.fc alii |*

I m hi, ts

f.iiils

ift* H4 mined; tice:i at 2 m lirecld k>

1*3

erect

trial

Qa&

by a

dM

)WI! r

itiiis"

r,ss

7i sd eCitv

) the rtain them

32 Geo. III.

30° Ap

747

lie ms well

luclohure

reported.

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and improving the Canal called Tattershall Canal, from the River to the

Town of Tattershall, and extending the same into the River Bain, and for making the said River Navigable from thence to or into the Town of Horncastle, all in the County of Lincoln, and also for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the said River Witham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common. Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hem swell, in the County of Lincoln, was committed.

Sir John Thorold accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Royal Assent to Bills.

k

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore mentioned, bad been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth, viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, Vot. 47.

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-one," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Britain, for the

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped, to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; and for allow ing further Time to such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants:

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to the Manufacturing of Sope:

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company:

An Act to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's and to amend the Laws now in Force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore used as an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery, and to enable His Majesty to grant the said Premisses:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near, JVyrley Bank, in the County of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fateley Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal:

An Act for more effectually embanking, draining and otherw ise improving the Island of Canvey, in the County of Essex: .

An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for tire Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, employed in the Coal Trade on the River Wear, in the County of Durham, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain

themselves

1

748

30° A prills.

A. 1792.

themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen:

An Act for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, art or near the Town of , in the County of Forfar, and for making suitable Approaches

thereto:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

and for securing to the said Master and Scholars, and their Successors, certain Yearly Rents in lieu thereof:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William with Joannah Pearsall, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Larking,

Acts, of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Se- Esquire, with Elizabeth Mar con, his now Wife, and to

cond, and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, sd far as relates to the Road from Leeds to in

the County of York:

An Act to continue *the Term of Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greta Bridge, and from

thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-tl pairing and widening the Road from the Low " Water Mark of the River Humber, at or near

enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wilmot, Esquire, with Fanny Sainthill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Knooke, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of North Grim-ston, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within

Brough Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the

" East Riding of the County of York, to the North the Parish of Redmile, in the County of Leicester:

" End of the Town of Brough, and from thence, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and " through South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common " Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding . Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Pa-

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, rish of Wood Enderby, in the County of Lincoln: of the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, so far Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas-as relates to repairing the Road from the Town of tures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within Buckingham to the North Extent of the Parish of the Parish of in the County of

Hanwell, in the County of Oxford: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of the Parish of in the County of Gloucester:

Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas-of Southampton: ' tures, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish

An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and of Ayin the County of Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing cer-passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-ninth Years of tain Waste Lands, Moors, or Commons, within the the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Manor of Reedsdale, and Parish of Cor seaside, in the for repairing the High Road from the Town of Bowes, County of Northumberland. in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Stain- The House was moved, That the Petition of - Mr. Mofe drop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, mas Mudge, Watchmaker, which was presented to the along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from House upon the 8th Day of March last, and then or- conrarn thence, by Melderston-Gill, otherwise Cmvndon-Gill, to dered to lie upon the Table, might be again read,

the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the And the same being read accordingly;

County of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

into One, and for the move effectually repairing and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exkeeping in Repair the said Road: amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the shall appear to them, to the House:

Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth Year And it is referred to Mr. Windham, Sir George of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- Augustus William Shuckburgh, &c.: And they are to cond, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His pre- meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in sent Majesty, for repairing the Road between the the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, Persons, Papers, and Records, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for repairing the Road from Newland Bridge to the West The Marquis of Worcester, according to Order, re- Trevethm End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding: ported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for ^MP;

An Act for making, amending, and keeping in Re- making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal chitted pair, a Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near from, or from some Place near, Pontnetoynydd, into Mreporw the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, to join the River Uske, at or near the Town of Newport, and the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to a Navigable Cut or Canal from the same, at or near Kingsdown, at or near Baihford Bridge, in the County a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near1 to Crumltn of Somerset: Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for mak-

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement ing and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from between the Master and Scholars of Balliol College, in such Navigable Cuts or Canals to several Iron Works the University of Oxford, and the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for vesting in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citi-tens, and their Successors, certain Ground and Build-

and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and

wgs in the Parish of Saint Lawrence Jury, London, he rend the Report in his Place; and afterwards deB-

vered

749

vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s , Table.

And the House being informed, that Counsel for and against the Bill were attending at the Door; but no Motion being made to the House that the Counsel be called in;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Westerham An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Road Bill Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the passed. Reign of His present Majesty, for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockkam Hill, in the Parish of in the County of

Kent, through the' Village of to the Village

of Titsey, over Botley HWorms Heath, and Walling-ham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Hill, in the Parish

of Westerham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfield, to the Village of Titsey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and IVCommon, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

on Bill re- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Offices of the upon Bill to empower the High Court of Chan-Court of eery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money Chancery, upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissions of Bankrupts and Lunatics, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Accounts, Ordered, That the Account of the Annual Balances Ac. referred, of the Cash and Securities, in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the Year 1777 to the 1st of October 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Cash invested in the Purchase of Bank 3/. per Cent, Annuities belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and how the Dividends have been applied and appropriated by se-. veral Acts of Parliament; also, an Account of the Surplus Interest now in the Bank, arising from Securities purchased pursuant 40 several Acts of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Annual Balances of the Cash and Securities, in the Bank of,

belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the 1st of October 1777 to the 1st of 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Cfesh invested in the Purchase of 3 /. per Cent. Consolidated Annuities belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and how the Dividends have been applied and appro-

Vo l. 47»

priated by several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, of the Twelfth of George the Second, Chap.

24, the Fifth of George the Third, Chap. 28, and the Fourteenth of George the Third, Chap. 43, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments ^hereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lord* Mr. Spranger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

£» The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Uffington Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Inclosure Bilk Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and an Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Uffington, in the men n,ent' County of Lincoln; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Petition from Burgesses of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, in Behalf of

of themselves and others, was presented to the House, Bmghs'of and read; Setting forth, That, in the Year 1778, Pe- Scotland, titions from the Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders or Manufacturers thereto subscribing, being Inhabitants of Forty-six of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, complaining of very great Grievances in the Administration of the Government of all the Royal Burghs in Scotland, and praying that the present System of Government should be altered, corrected, or amended, and that Counsel should be allowed to be heard in Support of the Allegations of the Petitions, w ere presented to the House, and ordered to lie on the Tabic:

That the Petitioners observe, from the Votes, that a Bill for regulating the Internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland was brought into the House, and read a First Time, on the 17th of June 1788, when an Order was made in the following Words:

" That there be laid before this House Copies of the " Charters and Setts of the Royal Burghs in Scotland,

" notorially copied;" and that the Petitioners observe, from the Votes, that, in the next Session of Parliament, another Bill for the same Purpose was brought into the House, and read a First and Second Time, and, that on the 22d of July 1789 certain Orders were made upon the Receiver General of the Land Tax in Scotland, for an Account of all Sums of Money paid to him in Name of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, by each of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, for Ten Years preceding the Date of the Order, and upon the Chief Magistrates, Collectors of the Cess, Town Clerk, and Treasurer, of each of the said Royal Burghs, for Accounts of the Sums of Money levied in Name of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, in each of the said Burghs, and of all Monies paid at the Expence of collecting during the same Period — Accounts of the Gross Revenues of each of the said Royal Burghs — Accounts of all Lands of the said Royal Burghs sold, feued, or alienated by the Magistrates and Common Council of each of the said Royal Burghs since the Union, specifying the Price for which the same were sold, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Alienation, certified under the Hands of such Magistrates, Collectors of Cess, Town Clerk, and Treasurer, of each of the said Burghs respectively,

9 E and

30° Aprilis. — 1°

A. 1792.

and, on the loth of June 179°» the Orders Were renewed in respect to the Royal Burghs of Vew Galloway, Inverary, Ahstruiher Wester, Pittenween,

Wick, Domock, Lochmaben, Fortrose, gingham, and Kirkwall, from which either no Accounts had been received in Obedience to the above Order, or where the Accounts were not complete; and that the Petitioners likewise observe, from the Votes, that, in Obe

January last, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up.

i»g.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Ale-house resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ketpere, fe. House, upon the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty.-ninth Years dience to the said Orders, a great many Charters, and of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-Setls, and Accounts of Cess paid the Receiver Gene- cond, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers ral, and levied within the said Burghs, and Accounts and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses of the Annual Revenues of the said Burghs, and and the Manner of granting sdeh Licences in future,

Lands sold or alienated since the "Union, were pre- and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines sented, and ordered to lie on the Table of the House: to be drunk in their Houses.

That the Petitioners, at a very great Expence, have, Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Exporuiki

by Means of their Agents, examined the aforesaid tesolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of SugM.

Charters, Setts, and Accounts, and from such Exami- to consider of further Regulations respecting the Ex-

nation apprehend that the same do in the most mate- portation of Sugar.

rial Points establish and prove the Allegations of the Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report« former Petitions; but the Petitioners beg Leave to the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Expencefor state to the House, that, when the former Petitions of making Provision, if necessary, for defraying such ^rea^"1' were presented, the Burgesses of the Royal Burghs Expences as may be incurred in providing for the more justice in

had no Opportunity of procuring Access to such Accounts of the said Royal Burghs as have been recovered in consequence of the Orders of the House, that they were prepared, and thought it incumbent upon them, to support the Allegations in the Petitions by clear and unequivocal Evidence: That, in

effectual Administration of Justice in such Parts of the Middlesex, County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis* defend be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bill relating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Flint®* upon the Bill for amending the Laws of Excise relating e err examining the Returns made to the Orders, they ob- to the Manufactory of Flint Glass, serve them to be in many Respects deficient, evasive, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report Sk and erroneous; that so far as they do go, they contain the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Tradedtfe. Evidence or Admissions upon the Part of the Ma- of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade gistrates and Town Council of many of the Facts carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of pro-complained of by the Burgesses of the Royal Burghs curing Slaves from Africa, be received Tomorrow at in Scotland, but such Returns framed by the Magis- Twelve of the Clock.

tracy, the Persons against whose Administration the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Committ# Complaints of the Burgesses are directed, cannot im- ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ®nSjaT* pair or render inadmissible the Evidence of the Public House, to consider further of Measures to be taken e Records of Scotland, nor the Testimony of Witnesses in for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Support of the Allegations of the Petitions, in so far Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from as such Returns are deficient, evasive, or erroneous, or Africa.

QuestionNeg, for hearing Counsel.

in so far as such Evidence relates to Grievances stated in the Petitions to which the Returns do not apply, such as, the actual Mismanagement and Misapplication of the Revenues, the Contraction of Debts, the Want of a Jurisdiction of Accounts, the Neglect of Police, Partiality in quartering Soldiers, and apportioning the Cess, and refusing Access to the Records of the Burghs: And therefore praying, for themselves, and in Behalf of other Burgesses of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, That the House do allow Counsel to be heard in Support of the Allegations in the Petitions, and do apply such Remedy to the Grievances complained of, as to the House shall seem proper.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Counsel be admitted to be heard in Support of the Allegations of the former Petitions, referred to in the said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Two of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 1* die Maii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1792.

Prat ers.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An EailFit* Act for effectuating certain Exchanges between the Right honourable the Earl and Francis

Ferrand Foljambe, Esquire, and the Right honourable ted.

the Lord Hawke and the said Francis Ferrand -

Vessels clear- Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount and to enable Trustees to make future Ex-

£<1 AI1» . - - __ - _

ed out for purchasing Slaves, ordered.

of their Tonnage, their Names, the Port to which changes of a detached Part of the Estates of the said they belong, and the Names of the respective Owners . Francis Ferrand Foljambe, was read a Second Time, of each, that have cleared out from the Ports of Lon- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John don, Bristol, and Liverpool, to the Coast of Africa, for Honywood, Mr. Burke, &c.: And they are to meet this the Purpose of purchasing Slaves, in the Three Years Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's preceding the 5th of January last. Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition of their Tonnage, their Names, the Port to which Navigation of the River Medway, under their Com- a8a‘n!tMtc they belong, and the Names of the respective Own- mon Seal, was presented to the House, and read,; Set-ers of each, that have cleared out from the Ports of ting forth, That, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign London, Bristol, and Liverpool, to the Coast of Africa, of his late Majesty, an Act of Parliament was made, for the Purpose of purchasing Slaves, from the 5th of to revive, explain and amend an Act, made in the

* Sixteenth

1

751

Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for " making the River of Medway navigable in the " Counties of Kent and Sussex and several Persons, named in the said Act of the Thirteenth of his late Majesty, their Successors, Heirs, and Assigns, were united into a Company, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River for the better carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining, the Navigation of the said River, from Forest Row, in the County of Sussex, to the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, and, in the said Act, of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, is a Proviso that nqthing the rein, or in the said therein recited Act, of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, should authorize dr empower the said Company of Proprietors to cleanse, scour, widen, or deepen the said River, or any Part thereof, below the lower Part of Mrs. s

Wharf at Maidstone aforesaid; and that the said Company of Proprietors have, at a very great Expence and Hazard, completed the Navigation of the said River from Tunbridge to Maidstone, for all Vessels of Forty Tons, which is the Burthen required by the said recited Acts, and the said Company of Proprietors have also expended several Sums of Money in scouring, cleansing, and deepening such Part of the said River Medway as lies above the lower Part of the late Mrs. Edmonds's now Shepherd's Wharf, at Maidstone aforesaid; and that a Bill has been lately brought into the House for improving the Navigation of the said River below the said Town of , by which it appears, that the principal Object of the Persons who promote the same is to make the said River navigable for Vessels of a larger Burthen than can be navigated upon such Part of the said River as is under the Jurisdiction of the Petitioners; and that, in the present State of the said River, the Petitioners can always navigate their Vessels down the same, and therefore, as the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River, as proposed by the said Bill, will be of no essential Benefit to the Petitioners, they hope they shall not be burthened with an Expence on Account of any such Improvement in the said Navigation; and that the Petitioners observe, that the said Bill includes some Part of the said River which is at present within the Jurisdiction of the Petitioners, and without their Consent, and also subjects the Petitioners to the Payment of several heavy Tolls, Rates, and Duties, for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, passing along the said River, and gives them no Security that they shall receive any Compensation for those Payments, and there are several other Parts of the said Bill w'hich they conceive will be highly injurious to their Property: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as shall appear to affect their Rights and Interests, and that such Provision may be made in the said Bill for their Relief, as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River from the Town of Maidstone through the several Parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Vol. 47.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act sir A. Mur, for vesting the Lauds and Estates of Melgund and Kyn- ray’g Estate nyndmond, and other Lands and Estates comprized in ®*'l comtrut-the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sir Alex- ted" under Murray, Baronet, upon the Thirteenth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of othey Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Honywood, Mr. Burke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An BarondeClif-Act for discharging Part of the Leasehold Estates of 5?.^8 E*u*.1* Edward Baron de Clifford, in Spring Garden, in Mid- ted.Comm' dlesex, from the Pin Money, Jointure, and Younger Childrens Portions secured thereon, and for making such Portions the First Charge upon the Residue of the Funds subjected thereto, and for empowering the Trustees of the said Baron de Clifford to sell the Remainder of the said Leaseholds, and apply the Produce upon the Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and, until Sale, to grant Building and Repairing Leases, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Est-court, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anne Marie M and James cmninittpcl Mainwaring, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ventura’s Act for naturalizing Joseph Ventura, was read a Se- Nat. Bill cond Time. commuted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Bt'agge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Hastings. Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Muce, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And be went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Stangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned,. he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Rsquire,

were

1° Mail.

A. 1792.

m

were called over; and they went to the Plaees Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk,

.1 . i j twt.

of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots for die conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clark's Hydrometer; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty;

by their Counties, as usual; and they went into West- without any Amendment: And also.

minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for making perpetual Jamaica, &c. Tree Ports Act.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The L»4 House, That their Lordships will proceed further in J** the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster ings'sTrai Hall: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Th'ko*

, _ for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedralbave P*5*1

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Bristol Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the to grant a Lease of Part of the Land, of the said

Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Dean and Chapter, in the Parish of Saint Michael the Lease Bin

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Impor- Archangel, in the City of Bristol, for the Purpose of

" tation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, building thereon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and

Mr. Spranger:

Air. Speaker,

Ut

c\0!

Consolidated Vund Hill.

" and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston,

" vannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in

" the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George " in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the " Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the " Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama " Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Air. Home reported from the Committee, to whom Bemt the Bill for repealing an Act, of the Twelfth Year of

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repair- re’con"l:

ing and widening the Roads from the Confines of " the County of Berwick, at or near Banghouse Walls,

" to Compton's Lanes and Eymouth, and from the " Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw " Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of ;"

and for repairing, widening, and amending several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour, in the said County of Berwick, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the

Vaj

BiUrepor&| 4c.

mitt

forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House;

St. Botolph Annuitants liiii.

Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City of London, to were agreed to by the House.

Boston Paving Bill.

Boston Vlar-hour Bill.

raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a new Workhouse; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ta

n

A

B

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Em- Tewk«so ployment of the Poor of and belonging to the Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was read pass

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Tide be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of

Act for amending an Act, of the Sixteenth Year of the Poor of and belonging to the Parish of Tewkesbury, His present Majesty, relating to the Haven and Har- in the County of Gloucester. hour of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for regu- ~ ~

luting the Mooring and removing of Ships and other

Cramoml Bridge and Queensferry Road Bill.

; v,u b

Vessels within the said Haven and Harbour, and for removing Obstructions therein; without any Amendment And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, f‘ An Act to enlarge the Term " and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the

Ordered, That Mr. Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Walwyn reported from the Committee, to Hereford 1 whom the Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of thedral E Hereford to re-build the West End of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and to repair other Parts thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

" Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

Expiring Laws Bill.

" the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road " from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry,

" in the County of Linlithgow; " without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws, therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallowy Hog’s Lard, and Grease; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in Ame-nica; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils rivade use of in the Iron and Steel Manufac-

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Blackta to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate 8 tures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing An Act for vesting a Leasehold Estate, late of John reports

Blackbume,

ft

32 Geo. III.

1° Mail

753

ttt;'

t ti-

ki-

Blackbume, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in the Manner therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Billtoextend ing to Order, a Bill for extending the Provisions of £^nfo^gu" an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Wage* of Silk His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to em- Manufactupower the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle r««. pr«and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the ,enlt<1,

" Silk Manufacture, within their respective Jurisdictions," to Manufactories of Silk, mixed with other Materials, and for the more effectual Punish-

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill ment of Buyers and Receivers of Silk purloined and

<ii! imbley In* i [jip osure Bill 0j >mmitted.

:C0Q.

ea:

refv-.vagab°mis, Billcom-itted.

u.

ffi tr

ad\

venal

(he

the

>the

mk at the

eupca

its, a

Taylor’s and "lder ton’s \greement Bill committed.

dEa-i

M.

isoi*

eTi

need

m

I ton

Tonge’s ee. I:* Estate Bill ptfr:> committed.

!m loin er; e E liia

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Coppices, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lambley, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws " relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and " disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between the Reverend John Taylor, Curate of the Curacy of Clifton, in the Parish of upon

embezzled by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Anne Certain P«ti-and Emma Charlton, Ladies of the Manors of Staunton, tl0"M retcrreJ

Flawborough, and Alverton, in the County of Not ting- 0„ Grantham ham, and of several other Persons whose Names are Canal Bill, thereunto subscribed, being greatly interested in the and Counsel Waters of the River Devon; and also, the Petition of ordered-several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts made, One in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent;

and also of several of the Creditors who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising by the said Acts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees and Creditors respectively; and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Inhabitants of the said Borough; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Lincoln, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the said City; and also, the Petition of Richard Ellison, of Thorne, in the County or York; and also, the Petition of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Nerecastle, and the humble Petition of the several

Trym, in the County of Gloucester, and Harry Elderton, other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

of the City of Bristol, Gentleman, for granting a Building Lease of a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the said Curacy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of Henry Tonge, Esquire, and Ann Eliza his Wife, to sell and dispose of a Capital Messuage or Mansion House, and other Heredita-

on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, Merchants, and Tradesmen, in and near the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham; and also, the Petition of several Persons, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, in the County of Lincoln, draining by the River Witham, or using the Navigation thereof, or of the Fosdyke Canal, within the said County, now resident in London; and also, the Petition of the Gentry, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham; and also, the Petition of the General Commissioners for Drainage by the River Witham, regularly assembled, under the Powers delegated to them by an Act of Parliament, of the Second ments, In the County of Somerset, and to lay out the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for drain-

ed c*

upon d to

Bristol Gaols Bill committed.

.M*

Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Old South Sea Annuities, upon the Trusts of the said Settlement, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Worcester, the Lord Sheffield, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Worcester, the Lord Sheffield, c.: And they Vol. 47.

ing and preserving certain Low Lands called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea; and also, the Petition of the General Commissioners for Navigation by the River Witham, on Behalf of themselves, the Creditors of the said Trust, and other Persons interested in the said Navigation; and also, the Petition of several Proprietors of Estates situate near, and drained by, the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of William Dickinson Ra Esquire, Lord of the

q F Manor

754

1° Maii.

A. 17

Manor of GlqypoJk, in the County of Lincoln, and Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Proprietor of a very valuable Com Mill situate upon Repositories for _ securing the Title Deeds of the the River Witham, in the said County of Lincoln, and Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Pro-

also of several other Persons, Owners and Occupiers ceedings of the Commissions of Bankrupts and Lu-of Lands adjoining upon, and near to, the said River natics, was committed, the Amendments which the Witham, which were presented to the Douse upon the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they 38th and 29th Days of March, and the 2d, 3d, 17th, had directed him to report to the House; and he and 18th Days of April last (complaining of certain read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliver-Provisions in the Bill, then depending before the ed the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Table: Where the Amendments were Once read Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, Ratcliffe, in the County of Nottingham, and which with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the were severally ordered to be referred to the Consider- House.

ation of the Committee on the said Bill, which Bill was afterwards reported, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn, and another Bill for the like Purpose presented instead thereof) might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the House being informed, That the Bill, now depending before the House, contained the same Provisions as were complained of by the said Petitions presented against the former Bill, which, by Leave of the House, was withdrawn; and that the said Petitioners desired to be heard, by their Counsel, against ingrossed such Matters contained in the said Bill as are complained of by the said Petitions;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill, now depending before the House, is committed; and

A. Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, that the Offices, when built, shall continue to be assessed to the Land Tax in the Liberty of the Rolls.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Mr. Beaufoy, according to Order, reported from Report;

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was TraJf referred to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects

Whitchurch Bridge Bill committed.

that the Petitioners be at Liberty to be heard, by their for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from the

Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 1st Day of January 1796, it shall not be lawful to import any African Negroes into any British Colonies or Plantations.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Counsel, against such Matters contained in the said Bill as are complained of by the said Petitions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River Thames, from Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Pangbourn, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Sykes, Mr. Vansittart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

re-corn-mitted Bill reported.

BishopWear- Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom

mouth Bridge Rill for building a Bridge across the River Wear, aoAm re-com- Ran^3 or Shore thereof, in the Parish of

Bishop Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk Wearmouth, in the same County, was again re-committed; That the Committee had made some further Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CleTk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Edward James Eliot, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of making Provision, frayimt if necessary, for defraying such Expences as may be pence*i> incurred in providing for the more effectual Administhe stration of Justice in such Parts of the County of dlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis, the Resolution Middles which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision should be made out of the Consolidated Fund, if necessary, for defraying such Expences as may be incurred in providing for the more effectual Administration of Justice in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the

BvM respect-u\fct\xe O&ces of tYit Court of Chancery reported.

more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice Mr. Henry Hokorl, according to Order, reported from of Peace in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as foe Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lie in and near the Metropolis is committed, That to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, further Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper Se- pursuant to the said Resolution, curittes, and for applying the Interest towards diar charmng the Expences of the Office of the Account- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hunting ax* General, and for budthng Offices for the Masters the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Office for the for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon,

a in

t

k

c!4

v,;

S

S

ti(.

''fe

'$ llOUjr

tat:

32 Geo. III.

1° Mail

755

in the room of the Right honourable John,

commonly called Lord Viscount now

Earl of Sandwich, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bill for Preservation of Timber, in the New Fo-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, oo Measures to consider further of Measures to be taken for the the Abo-Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects. trade

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

„ew ro to constder further of the Bill for the further Increase rest deferred! a,d Preservation of Timber within The New Forest, in for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from be now

the County of Southampton, and for the Sale of Rents, read, and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements, in the said Forest, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Petition from Owners of Estates re-spcctingTre* vethin and Newport Canal Bill.

aitv

fes

«.iis tia t; and Him

j»e,

V), it

.‘-SUB

Tie,

I to in

?fir

32V Jr 1117

ifc:

iaii;

;on.i

e a»

iids

;pa£

013

Tot

fas-

iris

n;

Hat

in:*'

tii

it,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates, through which a Navigable Cut or Canal is intended to be made from, or from some place near, Pontnewynydd, into the River Uske, at or near the Town of port, and a Navigable Cut or Canal from the same at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near to, Crumlin Bridge, and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from some such Cuts or Canals, to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Promoters of the said Bill, on the 27th Day of February last, presented their Petition to the House, stating, that the making and maintaining a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near a Place called Pontnewynydd, in the Parish of

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Beaujoyaccordingly reported from the said reported.

Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, from and after a Time to be limited, it shall not be lawful to carry any African Negro from the Coast of Africa, or any African or Creole Slave from any of His Majesty’s Islands or Plantations in the West Indies, to any of the Dominions of any Foreign Power, in any Ship owned or navigated by British Subjects; or in any Foreign Ship or Vessel that may depart from the

thin, in the County of Monmouth, to communicate Ports of Kingston, Montego Bay, Santa Lucca, and

with the River Uske, at or near the Town of New-port, in the same County, with a Branch or Collateral Cut from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near to, a certain other Place called Crumlin Bridge, in the same County, which, with the Assistance of Railways, would open a Communication with divers Iron Works, Limestone Quarries, Woods of Timber Trees, and Collieries, in the

Savannah la Mar, in the Island of Jamaica, or from the Ports of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, Roseau, in the Island of Dominica, and Nassau in the Island of New Providence, in the Bahamas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after a Time to be limited, it shall not be lawful for any Ships to clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for the Coast of Africa, for the’ Purpose

Neighbourhood of Pontnewynydd, and Crumlin Bridge of taking on Board Negroes, unless such Ships shall have aforesaid, and with large and extensive Tracts of been previously employed in the African Trade, or con-Land, in which were very valuable Veins and Seams of tracted for, for that Purpose, previous to such Time. Iron and Coal, and would be ot great public Utility, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and praying, That Leave might be given to bring That, from and after a Time to be limited; the Owner in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in or Owners, or Master of every British Vessel, which such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the shall be entered Outwards in any Port or Place in this House should seem meet; and the said Petition was Kingdom, or in His Majesty’s Islands or Plantations

referred to the Consideration of a Committee, to examine and report the same, as it should appear to them, to the House; and that on the 1st Day of March last, before the Petitioners could have any Notice of such Petition, the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, did, pursuant to the Orders of the House, examine and find that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills had been complied with, and it was ordered that Leave

in America, shall declare to the principal Officers of His Majesty’s Customs of the Port or Place from whence the Vessel is about to depart, for the Purposes of taking on Board Negroes on the Coast of Africa, the general Destination of the Voyage, and the particular Island or Islands, in His Majesty’s Plantations, to which he or they propose to carry the Negroes so purchased; and that One or more of the Owners, together with the Master or Person having the Com-

should be given to prepare and bring in the said Bill; mand of such Ship or Vessel, shall, with Two sufficient and that the Petitioners know, and are able to prove, Sureties, enter into Bond to His Majesty, in the Sum that the Standing Orders of the House have not been of One thousand Pounds for every Hundred Tons complied with, in respect to Canal and Navigation Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, and in a similar Pro- Bills, in many Instances, and particularly that due portion where the Tonnage shall fall short or exceed Notice of making the Application to Parliament for the the above Burthen, to proceed directly from the Coast above Bill was not given: And therefore praying, of Africa to some One of His Majesty’s Plantations in That the said Petition for bringing in the said Bill, the West Indies, or to the Island of New Providence in which was presented to the House on the 27th Day of the Bahamas, and there land the Negroes taken on February last, and the Report of the said Committee Board on the Coast of Africa, unless the Master of such thereon, may be referred to another Committee, or that Vessel shall, by Stress of Weather, or other unavoidable the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Pre- Accident, be obliged, for the Safety of the Vessel and mises as to the House shall seem meet, and that they the Crew, to carry such Ship or Vessel into the nearest may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, in Sup- Port of Safety.

port of this Petition. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vol. 47. That

756

1° — 2«

si. 1792.

That, from and after a Time to be limited, it shall not be lawful to import into any of His Majesty’s Islands or Plantations in America, any African Negro, or any udfrican Creole, or Jffulatto Slave, from any Foreign Island, Colony, Territory, or Dominion in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after a Time to be limited, the Tonnage of Shipping Annually cleared out from the different Ports of this Kingdom to the Coast of Africa, for the Purpose of purchasing Negrqcs, shall not exceed a JSTum-ber of Tons to be limited.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Beaiifoy also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Received, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects, for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-. ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on further Regulations respecting Exportation of Sugar.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of further Regulations respecting the Exportation of Sugar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, w hen the to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se- Counjtl cond Reading of the Bill for vesting in Jonathan Horn-

blower, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the 0fMr. Horn sole Use and Property of certain Machines or Engines blower’sBii for raising Water and other Liquids, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, described therein, for a limited Time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of James , Engineer, and of JUatthexv Boulton, Merchant, who, by virtue of an

Agreement with the said James , is interested in the Invention therein immediately after mentioned, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed to offer certain Evidence to the House in Support of the said Petition;

And an Objection being taken, by the Counsel for the Bill, to the Production of such Evidence;

The Counsel for the Petitioners was heard in answer thereto.

And then the Counsel on both sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Counsel be again called in; and that the House will please Counsel for the Petitioners be directed to proceed in his

Evidence;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Bill for amending Laws relating

Ordered \That the Order of the Da}’, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House,

Tellers for the Yeas, {Jfc f^t :} fio'

to Flint Glass upon the Bill for amending the Laws of Excise relating deterred. to the Manufactory of Flint Glass, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, jresolve itself into the said Committee.

Tellers for the Noes

fSir Francis Basset, \ ’ \Mr. JVigley: J

23-

Newfoundland Judicature Bill deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing Courts of Judicature in the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Counsel were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness in Support of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again di* rected to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

Island of Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent, be That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill

Middlesex Justices Bill deferred.

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

he adjourned till this Day Three Months.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Mali; Anno 32* Georgii llltu Regis, 1792.

Ale-house Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Prayers.

Keepers, &c. to resoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, \ N ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Petite Bill'deferred. upon R*e Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made -T\. Powers of several Acts, of the Twenty-sixth in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Year of his late Majesty s Reign, and of the Eleventh

and

i^oocie

32 Geo. III.

T Mail

757

nu x

to:.. ir, if*;

12*

ro$

1) ?dio >

: Hi*

and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of and for making the said Acts more effectual, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing/Mold In-the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint, was read the P Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title

ii,

ft-

I'M

r-asi

aid

.lori

fC0cd

ere

oi i oi c sled i

sU

DpOjcs

OR j

ortt

lswer

:dto

a', tie

liafe

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

' T' Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and

Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That Mr. Owen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

be, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Peebles, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Montgomery do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kith River Mr. Miller reported from the Committee, to whom Fishery Bill the Bill for regulating and improving the Salmon reported* Fishery in the River Nith, in the County of Dumfries, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Trevelyan reported from the Committee, to St. Coth-whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, bert’81?* a Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest ‘

of Mendip, lying within the Manors of East Harrington and Chilcot, in the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, in the County of Somerset, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consont to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of One Common Right, who could not be met with; and that the whole Number of Common Rights are 17; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Syerston Inclosure Bill reported.

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Mr. Gaily Knight reported from the Committee, to by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open upon, were agreed to by the House.

Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Grounds, within the Township of Syerston, in the County of - Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

age Bill reported.

Lanerk Roads Bill reported.

ingrossed.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Great Carl-whom the Bill for more effectually draining certain p.1"* Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Great Carlton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Ross reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Burltonand

Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the K... relates to the repairing and widening several Roads Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, 1

_ was com- widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

ertf-

leading through the County of,

mitted; Tht ....

Bill, and found that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to’ the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 47.

Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same County, and from Knockin to the East End of the Llanriader Road, and from Place Carrick Lane to the Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath, to the East End of Knockin Lane, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 37. To leave out " Thirtieth" and insert " Sixteenth " instead thereof.

Pr. 8. 1. 11. Toleaveout " such" and insert " the" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question 9 G severally

7SB

2° Afaii.

4. 1792.

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the 'Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do: And that die title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Rood from in the County of Salop, through to

in the same County, and from Knockin to the East End of the JLlatiriodrr Road, and from Place Carrick Lane to the Turnpike Road from Llanymynech to Oszvestry, near Coid Issa Mountain, and from Oswestry Turnpike Road on Knockin to the East End of

Knockin Lane.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Bridgeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hereford An ingrossed Bijl to enable the Dean and Chapter

Cathedral of Hereford to re-build the West End of the Cathedral i passed. Church of Her ford, and to repair other Parts thereof was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to re-build the West End of the Cathedral Church of Her ford, and to repair other Parts thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Walu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bridge, and from thence, through under

the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfriston, in the County of Sussex (except so for as the said Acts relate to that Part of the said Road which lies between a Place commonly called Bopeep, in the Parish of Alciston, and Longbridge aforesaid) and far amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads therein mentioned, In the said County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and amend the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Moiling, near the Town of Lewes, to Bridge,

and from thence, through Firle Street under the HtUf to Longbridge, in the Parish of Af'risUm, in the County of Sussex (except so far as the said Acts relate to that Part of the said Road which lies between a Place commonly called Bopeep, in the Parish of Alciston and Longbridge aforesaid) and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Sussex.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield dp parry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Cencurrence.

Farringdon and Burford Road Bill passed.

Bishop Wearmouth Bridge Bill passed.

Dean and Chapter of Bristol’s Lease Bill read.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Market House in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Market House in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge across the River Wear, from the Bank or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bishop Wearmouth, in the County of ham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk IVearmouth, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wear, from the Bank or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bishop Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk Wearmouth, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Bristol to grant a Lease of Part of the Lands of the said Dean and Chapter, in the Parish of Michael the Archangel, ia die City of Bristol, for the Purpose of Building thereon, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of thp Day, for taking Report on into further Consideration the Report from the Com- Measures for mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Measures to be taken for the Abo- XradefuX lition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for considered the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally Resolution read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally agreed to put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which Former Re was Yesterday reported from the Committee of the solution mt whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, from and after the 1st Day of " January 1796, it shall not be lawful to import any

" African Negroes into any British Colonies or Plantations."

Ordered, That the said Resolution, together with Resolution the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from be com-the said Committee of the whole House, and which ^"heLorc have this Day been agreed to by the House, be com*- at Con-municated to the Lords at a Conference, and their ferenc*. Concurrence desired thereto.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon a Matter highly interesting to the Justice and Honour of the British Nation.

Ordered, That the Earl of Mornington do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

South An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter

Malling Road and amend the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed 1 passed. Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Rfigp of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Hading, near the Town of Lewes, to Glynd

A Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made ^1 to ex-in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present tend Act for Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower the Magi- regulating " strates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the " Wages erf Persons employed in the Silk Manufao nufacuw> " ture, within their respective Jurisdictions," to Ma- comm :r-nufaqtaries of Silk mixed with other Materials, and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyere and

Receivers

4

32 Geo. III.

2° Ma

7 59

M

'lit:

’:S-

lilif

in

<1 is

M tin

tut

4

:Sia»

)tf

Receivers of Silk purloined «nd embezzled by Persons Sevennight, the loth Day of illiis Instant May, naolve employed in the Manufacture thereof, wee read a itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that the Incorporation

said Bill.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Ventura'* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Nat- Bill re* Act for naturalizing Joseph Ventura, was committed; p°^®d a,ld That the Committee had exautiued the Allegations of pa*se the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the

GlacgoW and

BTd*e Road fkd<ers >n Glasgow, William Robertson and Com- Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Bill passed! P^ny> Robert Craig, Proprietors of Mills on the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the River Kelvin, in the Neighbourhood of Glasgow, who Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, petitioned this House upon the 23d Day of April And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

kwt, praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the Bill Resolved, That the Bill do pass,

for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

" of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and " Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of

Kins b-031- h

] to?

forte

oir

to

!W *

due;

if it?c

lets

[ale

lot*

av s

tV

Plan*

Wilii*

COE-ji lie'*

0

Stfll*

id*; the': fac-rf

atii

4

Mr. Chute reported from the Committtee, to whom Shipton In-the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the closure Bill Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- rePorted-mon Downs, and other Commonable Lands and

" Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Grounds, in the Parish of Shipton, in the County of

" Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from " the Village of Gorbals to the Chapel of Cambuslang, " in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew," so far as the said Act relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from The Forth to The Clyde, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the Third Time, declined being heard, by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 15 Acres of Land; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 1,316 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;

The said Bill (being ingrossed) was accordingly read and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards the Third Time. delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for erecting Weighing read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Engines. One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

And the said Clause was Thrice read, and upon the were agreed to by the House.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report on __ from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it further Re-His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue was referred to consider of further Regulations regulat, ons rP-

" the Term of Two Acts, made in the Twenty- specting the Exportation of Sugar, the Resolutions potation of"

sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his which the Committee had directed him to report to the sugar,

late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards de-

- - -- livered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w'ere

read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Drawback now allowed on the Exportation

" several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so " far as the same relate to the Roads from the City " of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to " the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and

Levant Trade Bill :Committed.

from the Village of Gorbals to the Chapel of Cam- of Sugar of the British Plantations from this Kingbuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrewso dom, and the Bounty now payable on the Exportation

far as the said Act relates to the Road from the City of of refined Sugar, produced from Muscovado Sugar im-Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and for more effectually mak- ported from the said Plantations, shall cease for Four ing, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Months from the Saturday next following the Third Road, and the Road of Communication between the said Wednesday in June next, in case the Average Price of Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal Brown and Muscovado Sugar, taken on the Six Weeks from The Forth to The Clyde; preceding, shall then exceed Sixty Shillings for every Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Stewart do cany the Bill to Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ’ and from the Saturday next following the Third Wed-

nesday in October next for Four Months, in case such A Bill to extend, and render more effectual, an Act, Average Price, taken on the Six Weeks preceding, passed in the Tw’enty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late shall then exceed Fifty-five Shillings for every Hun- Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act dred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs, and " for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant ’in like Manner in every succeeding Year for Four " Seas," was read a Second Time. Months, from and after the Saturday next following

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. the Third Wednesday in February, June, and,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ~ ~

of the whoie House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Vol. 47.

in case the Average Price, at any of the Periods respectively taken on the Six Weeks preceding, shall exceed Fifty Shillings for every Hundred Weight,

exclusive

Goldsworthy's Leases Bill committed.

Committee on Bill for amending Laws relating to Flint Glass.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for preventing Frauds in payment of Seamens Wages, Prize Money, &c.

BiH to amend Act 31 Geo. II. for the Encouragement of Seamen.

760 2° Mail 1792.

exclusive of the Doty of Customs, except the same be exported to Ireland, or any Part of the British Dominions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar shall have ceased to be allowed, or paid, or whenever the last Average Weekly Price shall have exceeded the Sum at which the said Drawback or Bounty would cease, according to the foregoing Resolution, at the Periods therein mentioned, it shall not be lawful to grant any Licence for transporting Sugar directly from any British Colony or Plantation to any Country in Europe belonging to any Foreign Sovereign or State.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Exportation of Sugar, and allowing the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower Philip Goldsworthy, Esquire, Tenant for

Life under the Will of Martha deceased, to

grant Building or Repairing Leases, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws of Excise, relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing Frauds " and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize " Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of " Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships," and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Noncommissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the " Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method " for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of u their Wages; and for enabling them more easily

" and readily to remit the same for the Support of " their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds " and Abuses attending such Payments and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hotlgti and Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Bui. °* Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the Town of Lindfield, and from the Turnpike Road between Cuckfield and Crawley to the Town of Horsham, and also the Road from in

the Parish of Burwash, to Shover Green, in the Parish of Ticehurst, all in the County of Sussex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. Brides'* for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of °°r London, and for providing a Workhouse for the same Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Loris vesting in Trustees the legal Estate in Fee Simple of divers Manors and other Hereditaments, mortgaged or EState 14 conveyed in Trust to John Trehawke, Esquire, deceased, after the Date of his Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Commitwt Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present °n C°n*oli. Majesty, " intituled, "An Act for repealing the several datl0D tL " Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other " Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said " Duties, together with the other Duties composing " the Public Revenue; for permitting the importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

" the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and " for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining " in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on " Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt,’’ might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt Oil, Head Matter, Whalebone, Ambergris, and Skins of Seals, and of other Animals living in the Sea, imported into this Kingdom, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill ordered, to exempt Oil, Head Matter, Whalebone, Ambergris, and Skins of Seals, and of other Animals living in the Sea, imported into this Kingdom, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales:

32 Geo. III.

2° — 3 0 Maii.

761

k'

aaa

tjg

the

r,ia

rii

any

Act h

arch

;iSHf

e $!;

ised.

m

Consideration of Laws relating to the Importation of Sheep, &c. deferred. Committee on the Public Income and Expenditure, Ac. deferred.

Soles: And that Mr. Henry Mr. Rose, and

Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws relating to the Importation of Sheep, and of Measures to be adopted for the Purpose of improving British Wool.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

lie Cj :ntc,: raldt at

:d\i

mi

iita-

fiize,

orm-

m-s n less'

Hexham and Allendale inclosure Bill passed.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

ills

ikei

d

Jovis, S* die Maii;

Anno 32' Georgii III'U Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, called Hexhamshir and Allendale Common, and also the Town Fields within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for stinting the Depasturing of the other Parts of the said Commons, Moor, or Waste Land, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, called Hexhamshire and Allendale Common, and also certain Town Fields within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for stinting the Depasturing of the other Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Waste Land.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to W ster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Vol. 47.

the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Sprang:

Mr. Speaker, worth Roads

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bi*l.

Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, Stand Edge, within Saddleu'orth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to or near Mump's Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwick, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Road leading out of the said intended Road, through or near Dobcross, to or near a Place called Wall Hill, in Saddlezvorlh aforesaid; and also another Road leading out of the said first-mentioned Road, at or near a Place called Shaw Hall, to or near a Place called Hollins, all in Saddleworth aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill relative Act to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the Sixtli Year of the Reign of His present Ma- s^eep ° jesty, as relates to the Conveyance of Sheep between between Coues, in the Isle of Wight, and the; Ports of South- Cowes, &c. amptonand Portsmouth, and to extend the same to Horses and Lambs, and to amend the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stourbndee Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of 15m.

King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and W respectively, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Road from Blakedmn Pool, in the Parish of Hagley and County of Worcester, to the Top of and from The Five Ways to Easy Row, in Birmingham, in the said County of Wiruick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Renfrew Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the Statute County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion Mo- Lal>our Ul1 ney in lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An st. p.wcras Act for providing an additional Burying Ground for Burial the Use of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County ®unJ>6cc-of Middlesex, and for shutting up the present Foot Ul Path leading through the Church Yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Worcester Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor I’wr, Ac. of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester, Bl11-and of the Parishes of Saint Martin and Saint Clement, which are Part within the City of Worcester, and Part within the County of Worcester, and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of such Parishes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed further in wl1* Proce*d the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday jay'o^Mr* Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hastings’s Hall. Trial.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

9 H An

762

3° Mail.

A. 1792.

passed.

Bill respect- An ingrossed Bill to empower the High Court of him to report to the House; and he read the Report

Offices* of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Mo- in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Court of ney upon proper Securities, and for applying the In- the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Chancery terest towards discharging the Expences of the Office the Amendments were Once read throughout; and of the Accountant General, and for building Offices then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices the House.

for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

for Building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds ingrossed. of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and

Proceedings of the Commissions of Bankrupts and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Treh»*h

Lunatics, was read the Third Time. Act for vesting in Trustees the legal Estate in Fee E*no» M

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Simple of divers Manors and other Hereditaments, nai be, An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery mortgaged or conveyed in Trust to John Trehawke, to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money upon Esquire, deceased, after the Date of his Will, was read proper Securities, and for applying the Interest to- the First Time, wards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, ana a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Jonathan his Executors, Administrators, yowaiBili

Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceed- and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of certain duchugtd. ings of the Commissions of Bankrupts and Lunatics. Machines or Engines for raising Water and other Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls do carry the Liquids, commonly called Fire Engines, of his In- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Orier&r upon Tuesday last, for the further hearing of Counsel, foithekt.

- - - - ingCooMei

on Mr. Horn.

Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for vesting in

The Lords agree to a Conference.

Managers

appointed.

The Earl of Mornington reported to the House,

That he had, according to Order, been with the Lords to desire a Conference; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Mr. For, the Earl of Mornington,

the Lord Bayham, Mr. Windham, Mr. Henry Hobart,

Mr. Drake, Junior, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Burdon, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Orde,

Mr. Powys, Mr. Chute.

Ordered, That the Managers do communicate to the Lords, at the said Conference, the Resolutions to which this House have agreed on the Subject of the several of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages; for open-Trade carried on for the Purpose of procuring Slaves ing Communications with some of such Streets; and from Africa, and do desire the Concurrence of their for regulating Party Walls within the said Towns;

vention, described therein, for a limited Time, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Manchr Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for cleansing and lighting the J

" Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Towns p " of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for preventing Annoyances " within the said Towns," and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and for watching the said Towns; for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and regulating Carmen and Porters; for widening and rendering more convenient

Lordships to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Managers do also communicate to their Lordships, a Copy of the Information which the Commons have received; together with Copies of the Papers and Accounts which have been laid before them, relating to this Subject.

and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; County Palatine of Lancaster, for widening and ren

and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Conference Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, That reported. the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed on the Part of the Lords, by the Duke of Leeds', and that the Managers had communicated to the Lords the said Resolutions, and had left a Copy of the same with their Lordships; together with printed Copies of the said Information, Papers, and Accounts.

dering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Monk Sher-

reported.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allot- Bolton In-ting, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called closure ani Bolton Moor, and other the Commons and Waste £a.!IDfc4' Grounds within the Township of Great Bolton, io B pa!ltv Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom the County Palatine of iMncaster, and for widening,

borne Inclo- the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulat-

sure Bill Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands, within ing the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, with-

the Common Fields only, in the Parish of Monk Sher- in the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, and

borne, in the County of Southampton, was committed; for supplying the said Towns with Waiter, and for

That the Committee had examined, and found that providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for remov-

the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills ing and preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, and of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Annoyances, and for licensing and regulating Hack-

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, ney Coaches and Chairs within the said Town?, was

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties read the Third Time.

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Resolved, That the Bill do pass.: And that the Title

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com- be, An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a raittee had gone through the Bill, and made seve- certain Common or Waste Ground, called

ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed and other the Commons and Waste Grounds within

« the

Si

1|0j

Jiroj

Mr. Booth's Bill passed.

t

ir, jje

«t4: tint j. tni®

oil?

'ijtti

Penge Inclosure Bill in 1^1 presented.

[ tie

a

QffflS '

?ala-

hr

32 Geo. III. 3° Mail

the Township of Great Bolton, in the County Pala- Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom stone and tine of Lancaster, and for widening, paving, lighting, the fiill for repealing an Act, passed in the Eleventh Eccieshaii watching, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- Bond Bill Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Great pairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane repwle Bolton and Little Bolton, and for supplying the said End, and to the Road between Leek and Sandon,

Towns with Water, and for providing Fire Engines and Meir Heath, and from Meir to Trentham, and from Firemen, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, thence to in the County of Stafford, and

Encroachments, and Annoyances, and for licensing and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs within the said for repairing and improving the Road from a Place Towns. called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Eccleshall, in the

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to said County of Stafford, was committed; That the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee An ingrossed Bill for more effectually securing to had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Joseph Booth, and to the Public, the Benefit of a cer- ments thereunto, which they had directed him to tain Invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for report to the House; and he read the Report in his which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Great Seal of Great Britain, was read the Third Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Time. Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-be, An Act for more effectually securing to Joseph tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Booth, and to the Public, the Benefit of a certain House.

Invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for which Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Great Seal ingrossed. of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Suffolk Peii-Lords, and desire their Concurrence. holders of the County of Suffolk, assembled at Bury tion *°^aI ax

Saint Edmund's, in the said County, the 24th Day on ""s‘ Lord William Russell presented to the House, ac- of March 1792, pursuant to Public Advertisement, cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a was presented to the House, and read; Complaining Common or Parcel of Waste Ground called Penge of Accidents and Losses occasioned by the great Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the Number of useless Dogs; and recommending a Tax County of Surrey :And the same was received; and upon Persons keeping Dogs, to be retained for Pa-read the First Time. rochial Uses.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Petition dd lie upon the

Table.

[IKS

other g tie idaey in si tea cp s;u so«2: uni

leTa

Pks ins d r&

as*

113!"

01,8

er

d

i to

UJ0T*

and

sek-

was

[it!f

il

W,

thin

Stoke Cha- Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom pel Petition the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of reported. the Chapelry of Lane End, in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Sparrow being examined, said, That in the Year 1761, John Bourne, of Newcastle under Lyme, erected and endowed, chiefly at his own Expence, a small Chapel at Lane End, which, together with a Burial Ground adjoining, was duly consecrated, and made use of by the Inhabitants of the said Chapelry; and the Rev. IsaacMorcton, now deceased, was by the said Mr. Bourne, with the Consent of the Rector of the said Parish, who was also Patron of the Church, and the Consent of the Diocesan, presented to the said Chapel, and he and his Successors have ever since officiated as Patrons or Curates thereof.

The Witness further said, That the said Chapel being now gone greatly to Decay, and being too small, and wholly insufficient to contain the Number of Persons who of late Years have resorted thereto, owing to the great Increase of Inhabitants within the said Chapelry and its Neighbourhood, which is situated in the Staffordshire Potteries, the Petitioners are willing and desirous that a new Chapel, on a larger Plan, should be erected in a more convenient Situation within the said Chapelry, and a more extensive Burial Ground be provided.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building die Chapel, and enlarging the Chapel Yard, of Lane End, within the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir Ednjnntl Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vo i. 47.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °1 re'conJ* to consider further of the Bill for the further Increase so^Preserva-and Preservation of Timber within The New Forest, tion of Tim-in the County of Southampton, and for the Sale of Rents, t>er in The and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements, in New torest* the said Forest, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

Ordered, That the several Reports which have been presented to this House, from the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions which. Bill foi ,1.0. upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee Vr-Ide of the whole House, to whom it was referred to con- ordered, sider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa, and which, upon Tuesday last, and Yesterday, were agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, from and after the 1st Day of

" January 1796, it shall not be lawful to import any

liK

3° Ma

A. 1792.

African Negroes into any British Colonies or Plantations.

" Resolved, That, from and after a Time to be

" limited, it shall not be lawful to carry any African " Negro from the Coast of Africa, or any African or " Creole Slave, from any of His Majesty’s Islands or " Plantations in the West Indies, to any of the Dominions of any Foreign Power, in any Ship owned or " navigated by British Subjects; or in any Foreign " Ship or Vessel that may depart from the Ports of u Kingston, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Savannah " Id Mar, in the Island of Jamaica; or from the Ports " of Saint George in the Island of Grenada; Roseau in the Island of Dominica; and Nassau in the Island of " New Providence, in the Bahamas.

" Resolved, That, from and after a Time to be limited,

it shall not be lawful for any Ships to clear out from " any Port of Great Britain, for the Coast of Africa,

" for the Purpose of taking on Board Negroes, unless " such Ships shall have been previously employed in the " African Trade, or contracted for, for that Purpose,

" previous to such Time.

" Resolved, That from and after a Time to be " limited, the Owner or Owners, or Master of every " British Vessel, which shall be entered Outwards in " any Port or Place in this Kingdom, or in His Majesty’s Islands or Plantations in America, shall " declare to the principal Officers of His Majesty’s " Customs of the Port or Place from whence the Vessel " is about to depart, for the Purposes of taking on " Board Negroes on the Coast of Africa, the general " Destination of the Voyage, and the particular Island " or Islands, in His Majesty’s Plantations, to which he " or they propose to carry the Negroes so purchased; " and that One or more of the Owners, together with " the Master or Person having the Command of such " Ship or Vessel, shall, with Two sufficient Sureties, enter into Bond to His Majesty, in the Sum of One " Thousand Pounds for every Hundred Tons Burthen " of such Ship or Vessel, and in a similar Proportion

"where the Tonnage shall fall short or exceed the " above Burthen, to proceed directly from the Coast " of Africa to some One of His Majesty’s Plantations " in the West Indies, or to the Island of New Providence

" in the Bahamas, and there land the Negroes taken " on Board on the Coast of Africa, unless the Master " of such Vessel shall, by Stress of Weather, or other " unavoidable Accident, be obliged, for the Safety of " the Vessel and the Crew, to carry such Ship or Vessel " into the nearest Port of Safety.

" Resolved, That from and after a Time to be limited, " it shall not be lawful to import into any of His Majesty’s Islands or Plantations in America, any " African Negro, or any African, Creole, or Mulatto " Slave, - from any Foreign Island, Colony, Territory, " or Dominion in America.

" Resolved, That, from and after a Time to be " limited, the Tonnage of Shipping Annually cleared " out from the different Ports of this Kingdom to the " Coast of Africa, for the Purpose of purchasing " Negroes, shall not exceed a Number of Tons to be " limited."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Edward James Eliot, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom

Bill for amending

bg^oFibt 'he Bill for amending the Laws of Excise relating to Glass re- the Manufactory ot Flint Glass, was committed, the ported. Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Bill for sub. into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making p^teTto the Estates of Bankers and other Traders subject to the Paymtct the Payment of their Debts after their Decease, was of their committed, be now read. fhr Thr«

And the said Order being read accordingly; Montk'

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be taken intp further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tuesday Morning next," and inserting the Words " this Day,

" Three Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tuesday Morning next," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " this Day Three Months" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Comltl" to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jCjJ upon the Bill for the more effectual Administration of Bill, the Office of a Justice of Peace in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minckin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Commit Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Exportation of Sugar, and allowing the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bei'muda Islands in Foreign Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the Repoitti said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And

32 Geo. III.

3° — 4° Man.

765

Sogar Dill re-committed.

n:

U

it

ru.

'the

Ice

Ds

H

Commitee

Bill.

liter

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the on Ale-house whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of Licensing6* Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Alehouse Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

use '

M

W'.« lot Jil

vne

vk

H-jU.,

tee,

, Tti hew v K

or£$

mii 2

r r?3y he Id* d

C Hj

ide#

irevte*

iteih

0

Cost

ectd

jrt in

hits

c j'j'*

House to

adjourn 16

Monday.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,4° die Anno 320 Georgii III'11 Regis, 179$,

Prat e.rs.

1 D ESO LVE D, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Bill pre seated.

StokeChapel Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for re-building the Chapel, and enlarging the Chapel Yard, of Lane End, within the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First

rp

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Colton tw- -An ingrossed Bill for inclosing, and leasing or let-closure Bill ting, certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying passed. within the Parish of Colton, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor’s Rate in the said Parish, and for making Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish, was read the Third ‘Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing, and leasing or letting, certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Colton, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rate in the Said Parish, and for making Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton to carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Portsea Pa.- Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom ing,&c. Bill the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Fourth Year reported. Qf jjis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " for the better paving of the Streets and Lanes, and Vol. 47i

" for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances in " that Part of the Parish of Portsea, in the County of " Southampton, commonly called Portsmouth and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom Whitchurch the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the P°°r ®'11 Poor of and within such Part of the Parish of Whit- ^^com-church, maintaining its own Poor, as lies within the mitted. County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the Report was read.

And the House being informed. That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Petition in County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to Grantham the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for Canal Bill, making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near Ratcliffe, in the County of Nottingham: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Stathem In-Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other closure Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the pass* Parish of Stathem, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stathem, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Carmarthen-Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of Llan-dilofawr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the new Bridge over the River Torwy to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandarog, and also the Road from Cae-Cappel-Issa, in the Parish of Llangathen, to the Tow n of Llanelly, and also the Road from the Cross Road, in the Parish of Llanvihangel Aberbythych, to Paiilyllin, PentregwenUes, and the Village of and also

the Road from a Place called Cross Inn, in the said Parish of Llangathen, to the Turnpike Road leading from Llandibye to Llandarog, all in the County of Carmarthen, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

9 I Rice,

Carmarthen (j<«ol and Paving, tVc. Bill reported.

Bin-ford, Lead) lade, and Swindon Hoads Bill parsed.

Mersey and Jrwell Navigation Bill reported.

766 ' 4 " MalA. 1792.

Rice, Mr. Philipps, See.: Ancl they are to meet this Afternoon, at i’ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Roads, and public Passages, and for widening and making the same more commodious, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

.An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from the Town of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, and for making a Road from thence to the River Isis or Thames', for building a Bridge across the said River, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road leading from

Leachlade to Lnglesham, and for repairing, widening,

turning, and altering the said last mentioned Road, to and through the Town of Hig, in the County of B ills, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Criekladeto Swimlon, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that Hie Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from the Town of Burjord, in the County of Oajord, to Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, and for making a Road from theilce to the River Isis or Thames', for building a Bridge across the said River, and for making a Road from thence 'to join the present Road leading from Leachlade to Jnglesham, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said last mentioned Road, to and through the Town of Hig/ncorth, in the County of Bills, "to the present Turnpike Road leading from Crieklade to Swindon, in the same County.

Ordered, That Sir James Tylncy Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their'Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the Rivers " Mcrcey (now called Mersey) and Navigable

" from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster," and for incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate, was committed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley' accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported1 to the House; atnd he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, where the Amendments were Once lead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the thereunder written General Com- Petition missioners for Drainage by the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That about 100,000 Acres of 3Da Low Lands, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, had been Overflowed and rendered unprofitable by the Outfall of the said River having been obstructed, and in a great measure stopt up, by the Sand and Silt brought in by the Tide; and that an Act of Parliament was obtained in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to restore the Outfall of ttie said River, and thereby to drain the said Low Lands, upon the 1’aith of which Act upwards of 50,000l. have been borrowed to defray the Charge of the necessary Works of Drainage, and the said Lands, now drained and cultivated, are also charged with a heavy Tax on that Account, exclusive of large Sums of Money which have likewise been borrowed on Credit of the Navigation of the 9aid River; and that the Petitioners have been elected by the Country to act as General Commissioners, for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the Regulations, and exercising the Powers conveyed by the said Act, in which they are specifically required and strictly enjoined (as a Matter of absolute Necessity) to preserve the living Waters, and confine the Flood Waters which fall into the Channels flowing into the said River; and Experience has most clearly evinced the Wisdom of that Law, and that the Drainage of the Country absolutely and wholly depends on a strict Observance of it, the Subply of Water in Summer being usually so scanty^hut the utmost Care is necessarily taken to preserve it, and even in Winter (except in wet Years) the Quantity is insufficient perfectly to cleanse the Outfall; and that the Petitioners cannot therefore observe with Indifference that a Bill is now depending before the House for making a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the said County of Lincoln, to llatcUffe, in the County of Nottingham, and for

supplying it with Water, by diverting, and (without any Semblance of Right or Justice) seizing upon, some of those Streams which now and inmicmorially have flowed into the 'River Witham, and are firmly persuaded that every Diversion of those 'Waters will essentially injure the Drainage of a very extensive and valuable Tract of Country: And therefore praying,

That the House will take these Circumstances into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel (on Behalf of themselves and the Trust delegated to them) against the Bill for making the said proposed Cunal, and supplying it with Water from any of those Streams which are essentially and absolutely necessary for the Preservation of the Drainage and Outfall of the River Witham.

A Petition of the 'Mayor and Burgesses of the Bo- Ditto, rough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and of the several 'Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Inhabitants of the said Borough, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That 'the Petitioners carry on a Trade of great Extent, and occupy a Harbour situate in the Mouth of the River Witham, the Moath of which River is Annually silted tip by the Sullage of the Tides in dry Seasons, to the great Damage of the Petitioners, owing to the Insufficiency of the Quantity 6f Back-Water1 flowing down the said River to scour au'ay the Same; and that ‘a Bill is depending in the House, by which it is proposed to make a Navigable

04 Canal

A

32 Geo. III.

4° Main

76T

r-,

b

Pi'.

1'

, J‘ U

U::;

Uv.1

U

!.c

H

:*: u

!j y

['ij

jftci !er fj . M.I b:in-: g>

d

) Bi

di

:%:,i

MM

‘6 ¥L

b 1! a r-i L'i'i a;.’:r

iCu

: I'-

ii. w-

ers lav live z :e *; n a

e I:i

ii.i.' -:

T--

iJJS

lb

0X i-l 0 ^'r

r,j.

Tp* in» niiic’j it t:;?

: I1’-

a*p

.1 I-1’

L-y-

L'iii

Petition against (rantham Canal Bill.

Pitta.

Canal from the Town of Grantham, to the River Trent, and it is apprehended such Canal will, in Part, divert the Water which now does, and has always heretofore flowed down the Channel of the said River;

and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Harbour of the Petitioners will, in future, be more liable to silt up than formerly it has been, for want of the Water which will be diverted or taken from them for the Use of the said Canal, to the great Damage and Detriment of the Trade of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be prejudicial to their Trade, and detrimental to their Harbour, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill to restrain the taking any Water from the River Witham, or any of the Brooks or Streams flowing into the same, for the Use or Supply of the said Canal.

A Petition of the Proprietors of Lands drained by the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That more than 200,000 Acres of Low Lands are drained and made very profitable by the Outfall of the River Witham, and it is proved, by Experience, that the said Outfall would be obstructed, and in a great Measure stopped up with Sand and Silt brought in by the Tide, if it was not scoured out from Time to Time by the Living and Flood Waters, which are carefully preserved and confined for that Purpose; and that the Quantity of Water flowing down the Witham, and from all the Rivulets and Streams running into it, is barely sufficient to preserve the said Outfall, on which the said very extensive and valuable Tract of Country wholly depends for its Drainage; and that the Petitioners are informed, that an Application is made to Parliament for an Act to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Gr, in the said County of Lincoln, to Ratcliffe, in the county of,

and to supply the said Canal with Water by diverting (without any Colour of Right) the Course of some of those Streams which now flow, and have flowed imme-morially, into the River Witham, and which are essentially necessary to the Preservation of the Drainage thereby: And therefore praying. That the House will take these Circumstances into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by Counsel, against this Attempt so injurious to their lawful Property.

A Petition of the Commissioners for Navigation by the River I Tit ham, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves, of the Creditors under that Trust, and of all other Persons interested therein, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was made, in the Second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for draining and preserving certain Low Lands called The Fens, lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea, and under the said Act, Money to the Amount of 6,800l. has been borrowed, and remains due, on the Credit of the Tolls to be taken on the said River; and that the said Navigation is of great Importance to the Country through which it passes, and w ill absolutely be ruined if deprived of its customary Supply of Water, which is now scarcely sufficient to support it, though every Care is taken to prevent Waste; and the Petitioners are therefore justly alarmed by an Attempt to obtain an Act of Parliament for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Grantham, in the said County of Lincoln, to Ratcliffe, in the County of Nottingham, and for supplying the said Canal with Water by diverting (without any Colour of Right) some of those Streams which now flow, and have flowed immemorially, into the said River Witham; and they are convinced that every Diversion and Subtraction of Water must essentially VrOL. 47.

injure the said Navigation i And therefore praying,

That the House will take these Circumstances into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by Counsel, on Behalf of themselves and of the Trust committed to them, against so much of the Bill for making the said proposed Canal as appears to be injurious to the Petitioners and to the said Navigation on the River Witham.

A Petition of the most Noble HDuke of Beau- Duke of fort, an acting Trustee and Guardian of the most Noble J’M.u;lirt3 John Henry Duke of Rutland, a Minor, was like-wise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, (fniiulutm That the Petitioner perceives, by the Votes, that a C:wil Bnl.

Bill is depending for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River 'Trent, at or near Ratcliffe in the County of Nottingham; and that the said Navigable Canal, according to the Line proposed, w'ould pass through several of the Manors, and many Miles of the Property of the said Infant Duke, between Woolcsthorpe and Ratcliffe, in the Bill mentioned, and the Petitioner finds, by the printed Bill, that a Reservoir, or Reservoirs, comprising Sixty Acres, is provided, or proposed to be made in Three Manors belonging to the Duke of Rutland, above Knipton Mill, in order to supply the intended Canal from Woolesthorpeto Ratcliffe; and that there is no Provision made by the said Bill for any Supply of Water for the said Canal from Grantham to thorpe, on which Terms and Conditions only the Petitioner can signify his Consent to the Bill being passed into a Law; and that the Petitioner consented to the said Bill on those Terms and Conditions only, and caused the same to be notified in Writing to Mr. the

Engineer for the said Canal, before the 24th of October last; and, that there are several other Clauses in the said Bill, to which the Petitioner cannot give his Consent:

And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agent, in the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, against such Parts of the said Bill, as he shall be advised.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near Ratcliffe, in the County of Nottingham, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- gt Cut}i_ ing, a Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of the berts in-Forest of JHendip, lying within the Manors of East closure Bill Harrington and CM cot, in the Out Parish of Saint Passtd-Cuthbertin Wells, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mendip, lying within the Manors of East Harrington and Chilcot, in the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert

Wells, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevelyan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Mordaunt Milner reported from the Tockwith Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and Jiiclosme inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, Meadows Bill reported. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township 1

of Tochuith, in the Parish of in the County of

4° Maii.

A. 1792;

of the City Of York, Was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had. given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Owners of Lands to the Amount of 26 Acres, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill, and Three Owners of 31 Acres of Land, or thereabouts, who, being applied to, had given no Answer; and also, except One Owner of Seven Acres of Land, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Property entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed consists of 17 Messuages, 32 Cottages, and 1,256 Acres of Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- 1 upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed

on illegal In-enqUjre how far the Laws for preventing illegal

Lotteries. Insurances, and other Evils which hare been found to attend the Drawing of State Lotteries, are effectual to the Object proposed by them, and to report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House, have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Monk Fry- Sir William Mordaunl Milner reported from the stonluclosure Commutee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing 1 rePor the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Monk Frys in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 31 Acres and One Rood, who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Proprietor of 37 Acres, who, being ill, could not be seen; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 1,395 Acres, One Rood, and 20 Perches, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House i and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dunstable and Hock-liflfe Roads Bill committed.

A Bill for continuing the Terms, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and H in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of The White Horse to the Sign of The King's Arms, in Iiockliffe aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Mordaunt Milner, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common South’^ Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com- IncUmS! mons, Heaths, Waste and other Commouable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Chapelry of in the Parish of Stanton Harcou, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burton, the Marquis of Bland ford, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House NeVffc))-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, land Jodtfj. upon the Bill for establishing Courts of Judicature in '"re the Island of Nrufoundland, and the Islands adjacent, ferre<1'

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Captain Berkeley do make the Report Re^. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom mitirli; the Bill for the further Increase and Preservation of Timber, within The Nero Forest, in the County of ra^ Southampton, and for the Sale of Rents, and the En- Forest t franchisement of Copyhold Tenements, in the said iwiot. Forest, was re-committed.

Captain Be?'keley, according to Order, reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent the Officers of the Forest from taking any Fee Tree, Fee Wood, Poundage, Commission, Gratuity, Perquisite, or Emolument, for any Fall of Timber, within the said Forest.

And the said Clause Mas Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Fordasi the Bill for repairing and improving the Roads leading from CornhillBurn, by Pallinsburnand Flodden Lane, R""l5

to Millfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge tortIHmw Lowick, and also from Ford Bridge, through to Duddoe Burn, otherwise Homey Burn, adjoining to the Beruick Turnpike Road, and also for shutting up and stopping certain Bye Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in.at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

theu

: then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

3 the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

! , ingrossed.

tt;

i;i Liverpool Church Bill reported.

<W.

w

‘ Sits rfo'i

tf

dl-.v

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Church or Chapel within the Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed.

Mr. Grey accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

life

"flora: on of at: of t En-1 #

til Ira it (.01'

-M

real tsc I Isos x:&. n:-:'; to:;:1

I.!050 03'. .'3

ftfs

T.i

kodmavton Mr. Estcourt reported fron> the Committee, to whom and BounSUre ^ie for dividing and inclosing the Open and

dary Bii?* Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas-reporied. tures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rodniarton and Coates, in the County of Gloucester, and also for settling and making certain the Boundaries of the said Parishes of Rodmartonand Coates, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the leaving out Four of the Commissioners Names, and adding Two others to the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

3333

,so. Petition from Committee of Sugar n Refiners

against Sugar Bill.

to

Is felt'/.' I*

fefefe

J;T,

; III *

U t I n»:

lire®-’

ill.

for

rt; Jill

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being of the Committee of the Sugar Refiners of London, appointed to manage all Public Matters relating to their Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for regulating the Exportation of Sugar, and allowing the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships; and Setting forth, That there are large and extensive Works held, and considerable Capitals embarked, by the Petitioners and others in their Manufactories, the Nature of which is tedious and complicated, their Stocks heavy and burthensome, requiring much Time to perfect in the Process; that high Bounties and Drawbacks to encourage the Exportation of Sugar, either raw or refined, raises the Article in its Price, the Reduction of which to fair and equitable Terms is an Object as desirable to the Petitioners as the Consumer; and that the said Bill contains certain Regulations, in respect to the Exportation of Sugar, which, as the Petitioners apprehend and trust they shall -be able to prove to the House, will be productive Vo/,. 47.

of great Embarrassment in the Management of their Trade, and tend to the grievous Oppression and Distress of those concerned in it, if not to the total Ruin of many of them, without producing any permanent Advantage or Relief to the Public, as the Prices of Sugar will not thereby be brought to their proper Level: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be prejudicial to themselves, and the said Trade in general, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think tit.

A Bill to indemnify and save harmless all Persons Proprietors, being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of News- Printers, and papers, Magazines, and other Daily or Temporary ^dltor8 ot Publications, who may have incurred Penalties and &c.'ludem-S’ Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of nity Bill the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act committed.

" for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and le Perry, to raise Money, by Way of a Lottery, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Twenty-two, and for transferring the Deficiencies a of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax for the said Year;

" and for giving Time for inserting the Money given " with Apprentices in their Indentures, and touching " lost Bills, Tickets, or Orders, and for exchanging " the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates, and " for suppressing Lotteries denominated Sales, and " other private Lotteries, and for enlarging the Time " for the Accountant General of the Bank of England " to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming;" and also an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

" intituled, "An Act for licensing Lottery Office " Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being for suppressing unlawful Lotterieswas, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Letter* repies or Extracts of Letters from Governor Phillip, or latlnK any other Officer, giving any Account of the Nature and **

Fertility of the Land in, and adjoining to, any Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Probability there

is of raising any, and what, Provisions thereon; and of the Behaviour and Employment of the Convicts sent there; which have been received since the last Accounts were laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °n Middie-to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual j£*Jus*ices Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace in 1 such Parts of the County of Middleseas lie in and near the Metropolis, be now read.

9 K And

if-

4° — 7° Mali.

A. 1792.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to such Parts of the County of as

lie in and near the Metropolis.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchintook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill: And that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day, resolve itsblf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve 'oMsMteT *ltsc^ ’nt0 a Committee of the whole House, to con-swd Surgeons s'^er of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain of Slave3 Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed

Ships. in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of

Africa.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Slave Trade The other Order of the Day being read;

deferred. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects, for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa.

Committee The Order, made this Day, for the House to resolve on Middlesex itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Justices Bill. further of the Bill for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day, being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Minchin accordingly reported front the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ;and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

re-com- Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

mitted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart, have Leave to Mr. SamW make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock. p,tilion fcl

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented GnmthaT to the House, Canal Bill,

A Petition of William Sanday, of Holme in the County of Nottingham.

And the said Petition was brought up and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is possessed of a Wharf at Ratclffe upon Trent, in the said County of

Nottingham, situate on the River Trent, with Warehouses, Sheds, and other Conveniencies, for the Purpose of landing and depositing Coal, and housing Coke and other Articles, for the Supply of the Vale of Behoir, and for depositing Corn, Wool, and Other Articles, intended to go up or down the River Trent, and the said Wharf and Warehouses, and other Conveniencies, have been constructed by the Petitioner at a very great Expence; and that there is a Bill depending in the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Tixnt, at or near Ratcliffe, in the County of Nottingham, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and the Navigation thereby intended should be made and perfected, the said Wharf, Warehouses, and other Conveniencies, constructed by the Petitioner, will be rendered useless, and of little or no Value, to the great Loss and Damage of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for making Compensation to him for the Loss and Damage he must sustain as aforesaid, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 7° die Anno 32* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

AN ingtossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Lantrk altering the Powers, of so much of an Act, made Roads Bill in the Twelfth Year of tire Reign of His present Majesty, Pas8td‘ as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Larterk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Larterk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Ross do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Petition for Royal Borough of Dingwall was presented to the Relief to House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understanding that, in the present Session of Parliament,

01 Bill in Scot!®!.

!i0

* \l

32 Geo. III.

7° M

771

March In-^Ji> closure Bill reiiv & passed.

lit

:ki (it de or :Peti-tells:

’A TTili

lioi; to

; Vfp,

he Pre-

I to ‘it ii";

M

a Bill is intended to be moved, the Object of which is to grant Relief to His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland from certain Pains and Penalties under which they suffer, find themselves sincerely inclined to wish Success to a Measure which they presume to think so just, humane, and liberal, and which, moreover, they are persuaded will give Satisfaction to the Community at large: Under this Impression they beg Leave to request that the Wisdom of Parliament may see it equitable to pass into a Law the Bill for the Relief of those of the Scots Episcopal Persuasion from certain Pains and Penalties affecting their public Religious Worship, and they are induced to make this Request from the Consideration that they certainly know the Scots Episcopalians are dutifully and cordially attached to His Majesty’s Person and Government, and pay all dutiful Respect to the Laws of their Country, and, as their Religious Principles tend to peaceable Submission to all in Authority, the Petitioners cannot refuse wishing a respectable Number of their Fellow Subjects may be relieved from unnecessary Hardships.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Town or Hamlet of March, in the Manor and Parish of ton, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and , and in

the Parish of UpvxlL,in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Town or Hamlet of March, in the Manor and Parish of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King ’ George the Second, for draining and pi eserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and IVimbimgton, and in the Parish of Uptaell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bury St. Edmunds and Thetfnrd Road Bill

passed.

msi

iff

IB*

tad

teU;

in; c*

Wel2

\i0

Bind

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Bury Saint,

in the County of Suffolk, to and through the Town of dlietford, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Lynn, through the Parish of Crantvich, in the said County of Norfolk, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, to and through the Town of The!ford, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, to the present Turnpike Road leading from , through the Parish of Cramdch, in the saS County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Randyli Burch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Greaves and 1 have agreed Mr. Edtnes: to Mr. Speaker,

T ,id saint The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; Marys In- for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, and o closure Bill, other Waste Grounds, in die Parish of Tydd Saint Maty, Vol. 47.

tfA (i

in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Osbourn for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open j^lo4ure and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Parish of Ogbourn Saint George, in the County of Wills; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords vesting the settled Estates of Thomas , Esquire, have passed

and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in the Parish of Kidding- Griflith’s ton, alias Cuddington, in the County of Chester, and in L'i,tdlc Bl1 ’

the Parishes of LUmvilling and Penant, in the County of Montgomery, in Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, as Mortgagee in Fee Simple, and for vesting the Equity of Redemption thereof in the said Thomas Griffith, and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of the said Thomas Griffith, in the Parish of Mold, in the County of in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Duke of effectuating and establishing an Exchange agreed upon Norfolk and between Charles Duke of Norfolk, and Francis Eerrand Foljambe, Esquire, of certain Lands and other Heredita- Exchange ments, in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Derby; Bill, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Daniel’s vesting certain settled Leasehold Lands and Tenements Estate Bill, of Edzcard Daniel, Gentleman, and Catherine his Wife, in that Part of the Parish of Clifton which lies within the City of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled upon the Trusts of the said settled Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dean and for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Chapter of Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Bristol J^seto,o to grant a Lease of Part of the Lands of the said Dean and Chapter, in the Parish of Saint Miclutel the Archangel, in the City of Bristol, for the Purpose of Building thereon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms of Two Penn Inn Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign and Homtnu of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Bl 1 Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, so far as P the same relate to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to or near to Shipley Lane, in the Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and divers other Roads, forming the Second, Third, and Fourth Districts of the Roads therein mentioned; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Quandoe's Gate, in the County of Dorset, over Hmckchurch Down, towards tire Lyme Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hawkchurch and White-church Cannonnicorum, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that no Turnpike, shall be erected in the Parishes of Otierford and Pitminster.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Reiohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the.'Tkle be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening,

and

EC-

772

7° Mail

A. 1792.

and keeping in Repair, the Road from 'Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to or near Shipley Lane, in the Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and from Northcote Lane, in Honiton aforesaid, to or near Col-lumpton, in the said County of Devon, and several other Roads, in the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset; und for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, " leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis," as relates to the Road from Fair Mite to Straightway Head, otherwise Stretwood Head, in the Parish of Whimple, in the said County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Plymouth A Bill for supplying the Town of Plymouth Dock, Dock Water and the Parts adjacent, with Water, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bill for An ingrossed Bill fow amending the Laws of Excise

amending relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass, was read the

Laws relat- rp«: j q'*

ing to Flint 1 bird Time.

Glass passed. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Laws of Excise relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition from The House was moved. That the Petition of the the Grand Grand Jury of the County of Middlesex, in the Quarter dlUersyex°reMld‘ ^ess’ons ^e'd for the County, at the Sessions House, ferred to ClerlcemcellGreen, which M as presented to the House

Committee upon the .°,d Day of April last, and then ordered to lie

respecting upon the Table, might be again read,

illegal In- And tjle sanie being read accordingly; onXcateries' Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to enquire how far the Laws for preventing illegal Insurances, and other Evils which have been found to attend the Drawing of State Lotteries, are effectual to the Object proposed by them.

Syerston In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, passed. within the Township of Syerston, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township of Syerston, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Gaily Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Steyning Mr. Matthew Montagu, from the Select Committee

Election de- who w’ere appointed to try and determine the Merits of termiued. the Petition of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Electors of the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do Steynii; attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last ReU,rnl5t< Return for the Borough of Steyning, in the county of amendti Sussex, and amend the same, by rasing out the Name of James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, instead thereof.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and The Loris Mr. Fames: haTea?«

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nottinek; for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Canal Bil. Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Trevethi Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near, "d Ponlnetvynydd, into the River Uske, at or near the ' Town of Newport, and a Navigable Cut or Canal from P the same, at or near a Place called Farm, to,

or near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Navigable Cuts or Canals to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr, 41. 1. 34. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " Provided," in Pr. 42. 1. 20.

Pr. 194. I. 35. To leave out from " notwithstanding" to " Provided," in Pr.

195. 1. 28.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near, Pontnewynydd, into the River Usk, at or near the Town of Newport, and a Collateral Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near to, Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Cuts or Canals, to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

32 Geo. III. V Mail

773

Hemswell Ci Inclosure Bill i-. passed.

m <* in*

Committee on New-foundlaod Judicature Bill.

H

;^:io

'lt'\,.

i te ec.

liiS i&i

jpr

B ail Dim

curin 1 Dutii

® tic prese

,10 0!

: fa

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hemswell, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hemswell, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Crawfurd took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Crawfurd reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually securing the Duties upon Foreign stained Paper imported into Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1 ctrtkHi Report iltdtfl respecting Bounties to Masters and Surgeons of Slave Ships.

lioiop! ice oft: near is!

:ui Hi

wA ot I!*

ivffi. i

'.m'-

unties«

Tie

tecs

ideJ,!

ia«j-

" iii1

JuS*1

ie:U

the Is ibleCi

>>31*

jrD®

i0lh)

Stone

Iron

k

rrvl*

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of A) rica, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds be allowed to each Master, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon, of every Ship employed in conveying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, upon Proof being made that not more than Two Slaves, in each Hundred that shall have been taken on Board such Ships, have died; and of Fifty Pounds to each Master, and Twenty-five Pounds to each Surgeon, where not more than Three Slaves in each Hundred have died, within a certain Period.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa, ;and which upon Tuesday and Wednesday last were agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision therein, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen,' That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for regulating the carrying and transporting of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, during a Time to be limited. Vol. 47.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the commiuc. Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present on Consoluli- Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several tluD Ac1,

" Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other " Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said " Duties, together with the other Duties composing " the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation " of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of " the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying " certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives,

" to the Reduction of the National Debt," might be " read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart, reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Ale-house from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Keepers, Arc. the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the !',«'ns,nS Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign 1 n;porte of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Hessle.Aola-whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and *»y. inimproving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships rep„rtej or Hamlets of Hessle, Anlaby, and in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for making a Compensation in lieu of Tythe for certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said several Townships or Hamlets, and also within the Township or Hamlet of in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 347 Acres in the Common Field Lands, of 177 Acres of Old Inclosures, 110 Acres of Meadow and Pasture Land, and 15 Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property, intended to be inclosed or affected by the Bill, consists of 1,900 Acres of Common Field Lands, or thereabouts, 691 Acres of Old Inclosures, or thereabouts,

920 Acres of Meadow’ and Pasture Land, or thereabouts, and 133 Common Rights); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

9 L Amendments

774

7° — 8°

A. 1792.

King’s Consent to Hes-ale, Anlaby, &c.T ‘ and!

Bill.

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him House; and he read the Report in his Place;, and to report to the House; and he read the Report in his afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments-were Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Report was read. by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

And Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest upon, were agreed to by the House, is concerned in the said Bill; Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s ingrossed.

Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

&c. Enclosure having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, Mr. Owen reported from the Committee, to whom Montgot* ami Drainage gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is the Bill for the better Relief and Employment the &«. Poor k concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall Poor belonging to the Towns and Parishes of - reP°rtei think fit. and Pool, the Parishes of Berriew, Kerry,

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to Llandyssil, Llanmerewig, Forden, Buttington, Wools tan-the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, mine, fVorthin, and Churchsloke, and the

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to Townships of Aston and in the Counties of

by the House. Montgomery and Salop, was committed; That the Com-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and ingrossed. found the same to be true; and that the Committee

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Exportation of Sugar, and allowing the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

Committee on re-committed Sugar Bill.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating and improving the Nftfc Hiv Salmon Fishery in the River With, in the County of That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, Dumfries, was read the Third Time. in Behalf of the Petition of the several Persons whose Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that-the Tide Names are thereunto subscribed, being of the Com- be, An Act for regulating and improving the Salnion mittee of the Sugar Refiners oi London, appointed to Fishery in the River Nith, in the County of Dumfries. manage all Public Matters relating to their Trade, and Ordered, That Mr. Miller do cany the Bill to the had closed the Evidence in Support of the said Petition, Lords, and desire their Concurrence- v.. and had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was -

directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Consideration of Laws relating to the Importa-

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws relating to the Importation of tion of Sheep, Sheep, and of Measures to be adopted for the Purpose &c. deferred. of improving British Wool.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 8° die Maii;

Anno 32° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

Mr. Estcourt reported from the Committee, to Baron d, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Clifford's An Act foi* discharging Part of the Leasehold Estates &tatej: of Edward Baron de Clifford, in Spring Garden, in Mid- "

dlesex, from the Pin Money, Jointure, and Younger Childrens Portions secured thereon, and for making such Portions the First Charge upon the Residue of the Funds subjected thereto, and for empowering the Trustees of the said Baron de Clifford to sell the Remainder of the said Leaseholds, and apply the Produce upon the Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and,

Until Sale, to grant Building and Repairing Leases, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Estcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Steymng

Return

amended

T

Praters.

HE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending/ to the same, without any Amendment

according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex.

An ingrossed Bill for making, amending, widening, Almond ud and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge Ainirie Whitchurch Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the R^Bl

Poor re-com- the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Counties of Edinburgh and by the Town

muted Bill poor of an(i within such Part of the Parish of Whit- of Bathgate, to in the County of

church, maintaining its own Poor, as lies within the and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in County of Salop, was re-committed; That the Com- Repair, Two Branches of Road from the said Line of mittee had made several other Amendments to the Road; and for building a Bridge over the Water of Avon

Bill, which they had directed him to report to the at Torphichen was read the Third Time.

- The

reported.

1

A.

32 Geo. III. 8° Man.

775

j;*'

'-3

H

[Pr;*f,

"') i

10

A

jjij $

Cc5.

11 -tfjj.

tf.

; 33R

LIII^a.

Btn ffle. (.6 wttsj

Kite I

iijf lie: net: of

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. 72. 1. 14. After " before," to insert " the " Sheriff Depute or Substitute, " or any."

1. 22. After " of;" to insert " the said " Sheriff Depute or Substitute." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the-New Bridge Weir the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road; aind for building a Bridge over the Water of Avon at Torphichen\ Mill; and for discharging the

Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, from the Care of such Part of the Road from New Home Inn to Glasgow as leads from the Confines of the Parishes of Monkland and Shotts to the East Boundary of Baillieston aforesaid, and putting the same under the Power of the Trustees appointed by this Act.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Portsea Par-«0H,ng, 4cc. Bili cilia, passed.

I to tie

ilttst ‘dj

in j'tlil -i IsGB;

r ir^ lentil mi?.

\m these lent ioi

§ Karl Fitswil-e.\^ jam’s, &c. me to:*Exchange Kill reported, , r ind passed.

he to d hk:

An:6t*

5 CB

II to»

m

a it,

Jdffd

tnerk,

ngb

Hessle, An-aby, Inclosure Bill fa ’*ssed.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better paving of the Streets and Lanes, " and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances " in that Part of the ParishVjof Portsea, in the County of " Southampton, commonly called Portsmouth Common'' and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, widening, and regulating the Streets, Courts, Roads, Lanes, Ways, Rows, Alleys, and, Public Passages and Places, within the Town of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions within the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathdote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Curtis reported from the Committee, to whom the: ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating certain Exchanges between the Right honourable the Earl Filzivilliam and Francis Foljambe, Esquire, and the Right honourable the Lord Hawke and the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and to enable Trustees to make future Exchanges of a detached Part of the Estates of the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the seme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that- the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table. ....

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass....

Ordered, That Mr. Curtis do carry the - Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosin’g, draining, and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastureis, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Vox.. 47.

Townships or Hamlets of IAnlaby, and Tranby, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon; for making a Compensation, in lieu of Tythe, lor certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said several Townships or Hamlets, and also within the Township or Hamlet of Woofcrton, in the same County, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste. Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Hess/e, Anlaby, and Tranby, in the County of the Tow n of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a Compensation, in lieu of Tythe, for certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said several Townships or Hamlets, and also within the Township or Hamlet of Wooferton, otherwise Wolfreton, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberfor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Joshua Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of and

Kynnyndmond, and other Lands and Estates comprised in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sir Alexander Murray, Baronet, upon the Thirteenth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman

Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Th'e Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by Virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of

His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chan* cellpr of Grea,t Britain, and the Lord named

also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth, viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for

applying

Sir A. Murray's Estate Bill reported, and passed.

Royal Assent to Bills.

776 8° 1

Royal Assent applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the to Bills. Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed:

An Act to continue several Laws, therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the free Importation of certain. Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Deal, and the Isle of

Thanet; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty:

An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la " Alar, Alontego Bay, and Santa , in the Island " of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island " of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of " Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island " of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands,

" under certain Regulations and Restrictions

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the " Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method " for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of " their Wages; and for enabling them more easily " and readily to remit the same for the Support of their " Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and " Abuses attending such Payments;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships:

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing " Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages,

" Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the " Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any " of His Majesty’s Shipsand for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships:

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a new Workhouse:

An Act for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for amending an Act, of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Haven and Harbour of Boston, in the County of , and for regulating the Mooring and removing of Ships and other Vessels within the said Haven and Harbour, and for removing Obstructions therein:

An Act to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present

Mem. A. 1792.

Majesty, as relates to the Conveyance of Sheep between Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, and the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, and to extend the same to Horses and Lambs, and to amend the said Act:

An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London, and for providing a Workhouse for the same Parish:

An Act for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for shutting up the present Footpath leading through the Church Yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester, and of the Parishes of Saint Martin and Saint Clement, which are Part within the City of cester', and Part within the County of Worcester, and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of such Parishes:

An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the said County:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Nottingham, to, or near to, -the Town of Nottingham, and to thfe River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and " Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twentyfourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second;

" as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond " Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County " of Linlithgow An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of and from Beadles

Hill aforesaid to the Town of and from the

Turnpike Road between Cuckfield and Crawley to the Town of Horsham, and also the Road from Swingate, in the Parish of Buiwash, to Shover Green, in the Parish of Ticehurst, all in the County of Sussex:

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, Stand Edge, within in the

West Riding of the County of York, to or near Mump's Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Road leading out of the said intended Road, through or near Dobcross, to or near a Place called Wall Hill, in Saddleworth aforesaid; and also another

Road leading out of the said first-mentioned Road, at or near a Place called Shaw Hall, to or near a Place called Hollins, all in Saddleworth aforesaid:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Road from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish of Hag ley, and County of Worcester, to the Top of Smallbrooke Street, and from The Five Ways to Easy Row, in Birmingham, in the said County of Warwick:

An Act for vesting a Leasehold Estate, late of John Blackbume, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold,

and

Duke of Nor folk and Mr. Foljambe’s Exchange Bill read.

Daniel’s Estate Bill read.

Carmarthen Gaol and Paving, &c. Bill passed.

Berwick Roads, dec. Bill passed.

32 Gko. III. 8° Mail.

777

and for applying the Money arising therefrom in the Manner therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tydd Saint Mary, in the county of:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Parish of Ogbourn Saint George, in the County of Wilts.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between Charles Duke of , and Francis

Ferrand Foljambe, Esquire, of certain Lands and other

Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Derby, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain settled Leasehold Lands and Tenements of Edward Darnel, Gentleman, and Catherine his Wife, in that Part of the Parish of Clifton which lies within the City of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled upon the Trusts of the said settled Estates, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Roads, and public Passages, and for widening and making the same more commodious, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes* Ways, Roads, and public Passages, and for widening and making the same more commodious, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice do carry the - Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Banghouse " Walls, to Compton's Lanes and and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw " Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of Berwick;" and for repairing, widening, and amending several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour in the said County of Berwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines " of the County of Berwick, at or near Banghouse " Walls, to Comptons Lanes and Eymouth, and from " the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw " Muir to Comptons Lanes, in the County of and for repairing, widening, and amending several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour, in the said County of Berwick.

Vox.. 47.

Ordered, That Mr. Home do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graces and The Lords Mr. Eames: have passed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Curtis’s enable Edward Curtis during his Life, and after his Leases Bill. Death, the Guardians of his Children during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Pieces of Ground at Clifton, in the County of Gloucester; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Vicar of enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to Lease* 1 grant Building Leases of certain*Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty- lon seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of " Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in " lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together " with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue;

" for permitting the Importation of certain Goods,

" Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufac-"ture of the European Dominions of the French King,

" into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the " Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction " of the National Debt ;" the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Elephants Teeth, Palm Oil, Dying Woods,

Drugs, and other Articles for Dyers Use, and all Mahogany and other unmanufactured Wood, for the Use of Cabinet Makers and other Manufacturers, imported in British Ships from Africa, or any British Settlements Abroad, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, be exempted from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to exempt Oil, Head Matter, Whalebone, Ambergris, and Skins of Seals and of other Animals living in the Sea, imported into this Kingdom, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales,

That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

A Bill for more effectually securing the Duties upon Bill for *e-Foreign stained Paper imported into Great Britain, curing the was read a Second Time. Foreign0'*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. stained Paper

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee committed, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Trehawke’j for vesting in Trustees the legal Estate in Fee Simple of Estate Bill divers Manors and other Hereditaments, mortgaged or committed, conveyed in Trust to John Trehawke, Esquire, deceased, after the Date of his Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed-to Mr. Curtis,

9 M Mr.

778 8° Mail A. 1792.

Mr. Minchin, $c.: AQd they are to meet this Af- Officer? apd Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker^ Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, Chamber. on Board spy of His Majesty’s Ships, and residing in

Ireland,: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas and Mr. Griffith’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled} An Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in,

Estate Bill Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Griffith, the same, read. Esquire, and Henrietta Marta his Wife, in the Parish.

of Kiddington, alias Cuddington, in the County of An ingrossed Bill for repairing and improving the Ford ad;

Chester, and in the Parishes of Llam\Uing and Penang Beads leading from by and

in the County of Montgomery, in Sir Richard Brooke, Lane, to Milljicld March Bum, and by Ford pWl

Baronet, as Mortgagee in Fee Simple, and for vesting Bridge to and also from Ford Bridge, through

the Equity of Redemption thereof in the said Thermos to DuddoeBurn, otherwise Homey Bum, adjoining

Griffith and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of to the Berwick Turnpike Road, and also for shutting the said Thomas. Qriffith, in the Parish of Mold, in the up and stopping certain Bye Roads therein mentioned,

County of Flint, in lieu thereof; was read the First all in the County of Northumberland, was read the

Time. Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for repairing and improving the Road Curtis’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Apt leading from Comhill Bum, by Pallimbum and Flodden

Leases Bill to enable Edward Curtis during his Life, and after his Lane, to Midfield March Bum, and by Ford Bridge

read' Death, the Guardians of his Children during their Mi- to Lowick, and also, several other Roads therein men-

nority, to grant Building Leases of certain Pieces of tioned, all in the Counties of Northumberland and Ground at Clifton, in the County of Gloucester, was Durham,

read the First Time. Ordered, That Mi\ Grey do carry; the Bill to the

Resolved, That the Bijl be read a Second Time. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Consideration of Laws relating to the Importation of Sheep, &c. put off for a Month.

Resolution

thereupon.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House The House was moved, That the Petition of the Motion ( to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, "ferr^f; to consider of the Laws relating to the Importation of Electors of the City and Liberty, of Westminster, which Sheep, and of Measures to be adopted for the Purpose was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of April Abus«c of improving British Wool, be now read. last, and then ordered to lie upon, the Table, might be

And the said Order being read accordingly; again read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, And the same being read accordingly; resolve itself into the said Committee. A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

The House divided.

Resolved, That this House will, early in the next Session of Parliament, take into Consideration the Measures that may tend to promote the Improvement of British Wool, as an Object well entitled to the serious Attention of the House, and to Public Encouragement.

Bill for extending certain Acts to Petty Officers and Seamen, &c. residing in Ireland, ordered.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed " in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed " in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular " Method for the punctual, frequent, apd certain

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, {JfcfE*, } 34

Teller, for the Noes,} «> So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Crawfur.d, according to Order, reported from Newton*

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing Courts of Judicature in the

Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them Island of Newfoundland, andithelslandsadjaceat; was more easily and readily to remit the same for the committed, the Amendments which the Committee Support of their Wives and Families, and for pre- had made to the Bill, and which they had; directed him venting Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; to report to the House; and he read the Report imhis and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Of- Amendments, in, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the " ficers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may Amendments were Oace read, throughout; and then a " have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Shins." Second Time, One. by. One; and, upon the: Question

tore Bill reported.

have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for explaining and amending an Act,

severally put thereupon, were agreed to By the House.

A, Clause was offered to be. added to the Bilk that no Officer of the Customs shall act act a Justice, of the Peace in the Island of Newfoundlands And the said Clause- was. Twice read and;.upon

iI

passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the House His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the to be made Part of: the Bill.

t(

further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Mopey, and other, Allowances due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seaipen on Board any of His Majesty’s, Ships; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Of- " freer?,of Marines*, apd- Mpfiw?},serving, or whp may " have, served on R<^fdj&hyjo£ Jjtis. Majesty's Ships*"

might be. r^ad*.

Apd the sarpG,beipg rpad, accordingly j Ordered, That Heqye be given to bripg in a Bill for extending certain Apts, therein mentioned tot Petty

Ordered,

ingrossed

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

T

Ia

n

!«2f

Ml

32 Geo. III.

9° Ma

779

'PI(%

/; f"

Hastings.

% ad:

l«f:

""telii

Cslf,

'%'dis

Mercurii, 9°

Anno 32* Georg^IH'" Regis^ 1792. Prayers.

Trial of Mr. /"ORDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending 11 V. this House, do goy with the Mace, irito the Lobby,

and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the game of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who

the Public, and without infringing the Rights of the said Corporation and Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Plymouth: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late

Middlesex Justices recommitted Bill deferred.

The Lords have agreed

to Renfrew ftoads Bill*

refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to

® of *} /ff, *ijr ji jgi

tea&oo

Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported^ That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be

the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock, by Corse-hill, and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and the Bridge at and for more

effectually making, and repairing, and altering, the Course of the said Road from Renfrew to Greenock, and

Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, for making and repairing other Roads connecting the re-were called over; and they went to the Places in West- with, and leading to and from Paisley, in the County of

minster Hall appointed for them

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Renfrew, and the Branches thereof, and for shutting up Bye Roads that are useless to the Public; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing

Warminster Roads, See. Bill.

I j4

Stoke Chapel Bill committed.

ta«

1D24

enl *5

rains

:!ent

rui

ntii

ere is

lies 1

jueffi-

0*

its

oi'te

¥ Hoi

tl*

their Counties, as usual j and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Bill for re-building the Chapel and enlarging the Chapel Yard of Lane End, within the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, was-read a Second Time.

Resolved, That-the Bill be: committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Gilbert,&C.: Arid they are!'to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, m* the Speaker's Chamber.

several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of and for amending several other

Roads in or near the said Town; for repairing several Roads in and leading through the Town of;

for paving and repairing the Footways, and regulating the Market, within the said Town of Warminster', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Welton the Marsh, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Nutcombe Quick, of Nutcombe, in the County of Devon, Clerk, and his First and other Sons and their Issue Male, and his Daughters and their Issue, to take the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to and use the Surname of Nutcombe, according to the last

ItfAVl V /►♦Ail f l/'/l in sxtl 11 fit ' XX 7 *111 w* J I 4* vi s-a 1% 7k Tm 27Im§&4 4 y! a.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for

on Grantham making and maintaining a Navigable'Canal from or near Canal Bill -® - - - 6 6 ~ - -

revived.

Welton Inclosure Bill.

Quick s Name Bill, with Amendments.

the River Trent, at or near Ratcliffe, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, be revived.

Petition from the Corporation of Plymouth against Ply*

Will and Testament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett, deceased; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

ifljf

A- Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses; and'

Common Council, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the Guildhall of the said Borough for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from assembled, was presented' to the House, and read; Kirkby Kendal, in the County of W to Wist

mouth Duck Taking Notice of the Bill for supplying the ' Town of; in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and

Water Bill. Plymouth Dock, and the Parts adjacent, with Water; also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal,

and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have just Rea- at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also son to apprehend, that the Interest and necessary another Navigable Branch, from, at, or near, Galemoss, Accommodation of the Corporation and Inhabitants of ‘ -

the said Town, provided and-secured to them by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth', will be greatly injured; and are

assured: that the said Town of Plymbuth Dock, His

Kirkby Ken-dal Canal Bill, with Amendments.

by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this

Majesty’s Dock Yard, Gun Wharf, Hospital, and other House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Publio Works adjacent, may be most amply supplied Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morn-with Water, by Amendment of the J Leat or Stream ing, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall. now running to Plymouth, without great Expence to And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 47. Mr.

The Lords will proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

9° Mali.

780

Vagabonds, Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Comic. Hill re- mittee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, poned. made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws " relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and " disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction/’ was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the' Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill to amend Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Hutton whom the Bill to extend the Powers and Provisions closure Act an Act, Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, reported! for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York, to the Township of /Vest in the Parish of Hutton Bushell aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Poors Rate at the Sum of 3961, or thereabouts, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, or were not applied to; and that the Whole of the Lands interested in the Inclosure are rated to the Poors Rate at the Sum of 2,612/. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and . Parish Church of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, was read the First Time. < * Resolved, 'that the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee on the Public Income and Expenditure, &c. de frred.

Vicar of Islington's Leases Bill read.

1792.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the A«o«nn Directions of an Act of Parliament, relating to

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax, "ll certified to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Monies directed to be issued to the Order of the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties therein mentioned, between foe gth Day of May 1791 and the yth Day of May 1792:

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Sums allowed by " the Justices of the Peace for the within-mentioned ‘‘ Counties to the several Clerks of foe Peace, for " Business done under the Act for encouraging the " Growth of Hemp and Flax, and paid by Order of i: the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury,

" between the 9th Day of May 1791 and the 9th Day " of May 1792."

And foe Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper dof lie upon foe Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Aocti« a Bill to exempt Whale Oil and other Articles therein Duty Ex. mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from emPtio11^ foe Duty imposed on such Sales: And the same wasprMCT 1 received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se- Southamp-cond Reading of the Bill for better regulating foe Poor ton Pooi; of the United Parishes within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton; Months.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That foe said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words, " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put, That foe Word, " now " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words,

" upon this Day Three Months," be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That foe said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom. Gedling, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and 4c.lodes’ Inclosed Common Fields, Common Woods, Wastes, Bill reporte.:. Commons, and other Lands, within the Parish of Gtd-ling, comprising foe several Hamlets of Ged/ing,

Bardolph, and Carlton, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of, the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of foe Bill, and found foe same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their, Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of foe Committee (except the Proprietors of 286 Acres of Laud, who refused to sign the Bill; and that foe whole Property belonging Persons interested in foe Inclosure consists of 4,379 Acres, 1 Rood, and 28 Perches* or thereabouts); and that foe Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they' had directed him to repart to foe House; and he read,

the

32 Geo. III. 9" — 10* Mail 781

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon have Leave to make a Motion, it being Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually draining cer- Great CaHton tain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Pansh of nSTpafied. Great Carlton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually draining and presenting certain Low Lands within the Parish of Great Carlton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. fVigley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

stone Ordered, That Sir Charles Ross have Leave to make asgow Motion.

Bill And he moved the House accordingly: And

An ingrossed Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at or near TheevesJ'ord, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow, for altering a Part of the High Road betwixt Edinburgh and

gow, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of the Hills, and another Line of Road by the South, and for straitening and making the Roads more convenient, as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde below the present old Bridge, called Bothwell Bridge, as also, lor altering the Road from the Town of Hamilton Eastward, until it joins the great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for reducing the Tolls on certain Carriages.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. 13. 1. 24. To leave out from "directed" to " And," in Pr. 14. 1. 14.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at or near Tkeevesjord, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow, for altering a Part of the High Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of the Hills, and another Line of Road by the South, and for straitening and making the Roads more convenient, as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde below the present old Bridge, called Bothuell Bridge, as also, for altering the Road from the Town of Hamilton Eastward, until it joins the great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Ross do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And Vol. 47.

Jorvis, 10* die Mail;

Anno 32* Georgii III'" Regis, 1792.

P#AtlK«.

RD E RED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending Trial of Mr. this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby Waitings, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Viscount Parker, from the Select Committee Cirencester who were appointed to try and determine the Merits Election de-of the Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, complaining ttrmin,d-of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Richard Master, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester.

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

9 N That

782

10° Mail

A. 1792.

That Robert Preston, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough of Cirencester.

And also, That, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Robert Preston, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough of C

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to extend the Powers and Provi- Billb® sions of an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Hutton Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor pasied.

That the Petition of the said Robert Preston, Esquire, and Township of Hutton in the North Riding

Cirencester Return to be amended.

did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Richard Master, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, and amend the same, by rasing out the Name of Richard Master, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Robert Preston, Esquire, instead thereof.

of the County of York, to the Township of West in the Parish of Hutton Bushell aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York, to the Township of West Ayton, in the Parish of Hutton Bushell aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for extending certain Acts to Petty Officers and Seamen, &c. residing in Ireland, presented.

The Lords hare agreed to

Manchester and Ashton under Lyne Canal Bill

Mr. Metcalfe reported from the Committee, to whom Gold* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to *ortk!s empower Philip Goldsworthy, Esquire, Tenant for ~^r Life under the Will of Martha Gashry, deceased, to Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, ac- grant Building or Repairing Leases, was committted;

cording to Order, a Bill for extending certain Acts That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Ma- concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the rines, serving, or who may have served, on Board Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee any of His Majesty’s Ships, and residing in Ireland: had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without And the same was received; and read the First any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the

Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Metcalfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and to the same, without any Amendment

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Manchester to or near the Towns of

The Lord Apsley reported from the Committee, to Cirence* whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery Small of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Cirencester,

Crou thoi'ne and Minty, Brighlwells, Berrow, p

with Amend- Ashton wider Lyne and Oldham, all in the County Pa- Bradley, Bisley and Long tree, commonly called The Se-

ments.

The Lords will proceed on Tuesday on Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

Lambley Inclosure Bill reported.

latine of Lancaster; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Coppices, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the

ven Hundreds of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Small Debt Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-

Parish of Lambley, in the County of Nottingham, was tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the committed; That the Committee had examined, and House.

found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered- the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration fords the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Com- inclosurrHili mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, agreed i». and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Uffington, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr.

32 Geo. III. 10° Mail

783

-H

«HK

s

K

fk

wit

taif«5

*fc'4

'iii

StJ

'.l9ts.

fcr

teat r

aT;irfc2ec,

KSOflfe

noiittee

without

Petition from Kincardine for Relief to Ministers, &c. of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland.

Petition from

Sbt2

Dtjtgl

ffi»!

w;«?.; fc-r-, J2ii

fee?.

tait£

si it lejia tea 4

BSCJ

direcs

set

He

erf 3

id tie

Q*

by &

rjs;

He-; so»; iafa-

iti

Pr. 25. 1. 3. Leave out from " Repair," to " And," in Pr. 27. 1. 3.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and accquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Freeholders, Justices of Peace, and Commissioners of Supply of the County of Kincardine, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Clergy and Laity of the Scotch Episcopal Church are, by several Statutes, restrained from the free Exercise of their Religious Worship, and subjected to such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as oblige them either to sacrifice their Religion, or to expose their Persons to hazard, and abandon the Civil Privileges to which, as Citizens, they are entitled in common with other Dissenters, and the Petitioners are thoroughly convinced, that those Statutes are no longer necessary to the Security of His Majesty’s Person and Government: And therefore praying. That such Relief may be granted to the Pastors or Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, as may seem expedient to the House.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Montrose for Borough of Montrose, was also presented to the House,

D* and read; Setting forth, That, by certain Laws now

in Force, the Pastors or Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, are laid under peculiar Restrictions in the Exercise of their Religious Worship, and subject to Penalties and Forfeitures, which, at the Time of passing those Laws, were judged necessary for the Security of his late Majesty’s Person and Government; and that the Circumstances which gave Occasion to those Penal Statutes do now no longer exist, and the Persons subjected to them have given every Proof of their Loyalty which the Law has put in their Power, and are well known to entertain Principles most friendly to the Constitution and Government of this Country, and tending to promote its Peace and Welfare, of which the Petitioners have Experience in the Conduct of those of the Episcopal Communion within their Jurisdiction; and therefore the Petitioners, moved with Sympathy for a respectable Body of their Fellow Citizens, who are deprived of that Toleration which is so freely enjoyed by all other Protestant Dissenters in that Part of the Kingdom, beg Leave to request that the Clemency of the British Legislature may be extended to the Persons above mentioned, and such Relief granted, from the Hardships and Restraints which they at present lie under, as may seem expedient to the House.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Inverbervie, in Council assembled, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, it having been judged necessary to the Security of His Majesty’s Person and Government to prohibit the Clergy and Laity of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, from assembling for the Exercise of Divine Worship, under most severe Penalties, and the Forfeiture of every Civil Privilege, which otherwise, as Citizens, they were entitled to enjoy, the Petitioners are persuaded, that, by appearing worthy of Favour, the Members of that Communion will receive, from the Wisdom and Justice of the Legislature, the Relief of which they stand in so great need; the Petitioners think it therefore their Duty, in Justice to a respectable and deserving Body of their Fellow Subjects, to bear Testimony in Favour of the Ministers and Lay Persons of the Scotch Episcopal Church, of whose Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the Constitution, they are fully convinced: And therefore praying, That such Relief may be granted to them from Vol. 47.

Petition from Inverbervie for D\

the Penal Laws, now existing against them, as may seem proper to the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Slater Milnesreported from the Committee, to Tadcaster

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth reported. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Lane End,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same'to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- Amendments tuled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navi- l® K‘r^y gable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of bui agreed* Westmorland, to Wzst Houghton, in the County Palatine to of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near War ton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch, from, at, or near, Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near bury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 39. Leave out from " respectively," to " provided," in Pr. 14.1. 21.

Pr. 47. 1. 11. Leave out from " Rent," to " And," in Pr. 48.1. 26.

Pr. 87. 1. 14. After " said," insert " Canal."

Pr. 88. 1. 13.1 Leave out " Four hundred Four-& 14.J teen thousand and."

Pr. 133. 1. 11. Leave out " or," and insert " and."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the I/>rds; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lord* the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- Amendments tuled, An Act to enable Nutcombe Quick, of Nutcombe, QUI^ in the County of Devon, Clerk, and his First and other ag*d to Sons, and their Issue Male, and his Daughters and their Issue, to take and use the Surname of Nutcombe, according to the last Will and Testament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett, deceased.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill insert, " Saving to all Persons all such Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and " Demand as they or any of them can, shall, or may " have, for or under any Breach, or Neglect, or Omission, in the Performance of the said Proviso and " Condition, as fully as if this Act had not been'

" made."

At the End of the Title to the Bill insert, " And " for ratifying Conveyances made by the said Nut-

" combe

Pr

784 10° — 11° Mail A. 1792.

" combe QmK 4od hi# paly Son by the Surname of " Nutcombe."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rode do carry the Bill to the lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Act forencou- The House was moved, That an Act made in the raging the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of Leather* intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Manufacture and ConsolU <( of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the dation Act; Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such t?.becon' " Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited 6 " Time," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several u Duties of Customs and Rxcise, and granting other " Duties in Lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing " the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, " the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; " and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities " on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself Trade Bini i"*0 a Committee of die whole House, upon the Bill

ra e ' to extend, and render more effectual, an Act, pass-

ed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the " Levant Seas."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson (from Actouiti the Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of renting Great Britain)attended at the Door; he was called in; !^,w

mid, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, their Names, and Tonnage, and Number of Men, that have arrived from Africa in the British West India Islands, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of 1792,

distinguishing each Year, with the Number of Slaves imported therein; distinguishing the Men from the Women, and Boys from Girls: And also,

An Account of the Number of Slaves which have been imported from Africa into the British West India Islands, between the 5 th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1792, distinguishing each Year, and of the Number retained in the British West India Islands, and the Number re-exported thence to the Settlements of Foreign Powers.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Sugar* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole commitac House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating BiUjfe the Exportation of Sugar, and allowing the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Eu;_ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Duties« the Bill for more effectually securing the Duties upon Foreign Foreign stained Paper imported into Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 11* die Anno 3.20 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac- Cirencwu cording to Order, amended the Return for the Retur" Borough of Cirencester, in the County of . SIMn

Auction A Bill to exempt Whale Oil and other Articles

em^on Bill *^ere*n mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Bri-comroitted'.J ^rorn the Duty imposed on such Sales, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the BiH be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resoked, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Parish Ad* A Bill for the further Regulation of Parish Appren-prenticesj Bill tices, was read a Second 'Lime-committed. Resolved That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Rill bq, committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the said. Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for committ* making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or onGramk near the Town of Grantham, yr the County of Lincoln, Canal Bit to the River Trent, at or near Ratcliffe, in the County revive<i' of Nottingham, was committed, be revived.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit to jit To-To-morrow, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the ">»rrow. House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Hou«to House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. adjourn to

Monday.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Monk Sher closing, the Open and Common Fields, and Waste bo loc,l) Lands within the Common Fields only, in the Parish ®|U of Monk Sherborne, ir» the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

R Open

785'

32 Geo. III.

119 Maii.

Sr?ommnn P u F, d-’ t'V*hm the Costs and Expences by them incurred in the Pro-

Ae Common Fields only, in the Parish of Monk Sher- secution of such Actions, and which, without the In-

borne, in the County of Southampton. terference of the Legislature, they would have been

Ordered, That Mr. Chute do carry the Bill to the entitled to in Addition to the Moiety of the several

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Penalties by them sued for as aforesaid: Forasmuch,

_ ._ . therefore, as the proposed Bill, in its present State,

etition from A Petition ot C xeorge Goodwin, of the Parish of Saint would operate not only as a Pardon of Offenders, but

oodwin and George, Hamoer Souare, Gentleman, and Richard White, as a Punishment of the Innocent, the Petitioners rely

Vhite, re- die ^>ar^s^ Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, on on the Wisdom and Justice of the House in making pecting the Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the such Alterations therein, or Additions thereto, as will Ml to in- House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Bill now effectually remedy the Evil of which the Petitioners emmiy Pro- depending in the House, to indemnify Persons, being are apprehensive: And therefore praying, That the said Vinters and Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers Bill may not pass into a Law as it now stands, but may

editors of and other Periodical Publications, who may have in- be so altered and amended as not to affect the Suits

ewspaper*, curred Penalties and Forfeitures under certain Acts, already commenced, and that the Petitioners may be <c- passed in the Eighth Year of King George the First, indemnified for the Expences and Costs they have the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, and the been already put to in collecting their Evidence, and

Twenty-second and Twenty-seventh Years of the prosecuting Actions for Recovery of the Penalties in-

Reign of His present Majesty, it is, amongst other flicted by the said Statutes; and that the House, in the Things, stated, That the therein recited Acts of Par- several Provisions of the proposed Bill, will grant to u liament, and the Penalties therein contained, were not the Petitioners such Relief as the House shall see

understood, or supposed, by the Proprietors, Printers, proper, g and Editors of Newspapers, and other daily or And a Member present, having taken the Oaths, Memb£

r Temporary Publications, to extend to them, or any of and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken es at

them, for or in respect of Advertisements inserted in and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having^ such Newspapers and other Publications, until Mi- delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account ot chaelmasTerm last, when the Penalties of the said Acts his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath were, for the First Time, adjudged to extend to Print- of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those ers of Public Newspapers, for and in respect of an Purposes;

Advertisement contained in such Paper; and that the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Bill recites several Actions to have been brought Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, against divers Persons, being Proprietors, Printers, to whom the Bill to indemnify and save harmless and Editors of Public Newspapers, to recover Pe- all Persons being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors nalties alleged to have been incurred under the said of Newspapers, Magazines, and other Daily or Tern-recited Acts, by printing, advertising, and publishing porary Publications, who may have incurred Penal-Schemes, Plans, and Proposals, having Reference to, ties and Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the and depending upon. State Lotteries, and enacts a ge- Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, neral Indemnity for all Persons, Proprietors, Printers, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Duties on

and Editors of Newspapers or other Daily Publica- " Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, to raise Money,

tions, against whom any Action of Debt, Plaint, or " byWay of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year

Information, hath been brought, or which shall be " One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-two,

tois

rrta-

rd

MO

fer

; Safa® ' fci;

vetflt

3t

1

td’®*1

\1&‘

’ini;

was

T*

,1k

Ope

brought, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at " and for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Westminster, for any Penalty incurred under the said " Act to the Land Tax for the said Year: and for

" giving Time for inserting the Money given with " Apprentices in their Indentures, and touching lost " Bills, Tickets, or Orders, and for exchanging the " Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates, and for " suppressing Lotteries denominated Sales, and other " private Lotteries, and for enlarging the Time for " the Accountant General of the Bank of England

Acts, or any of them, for or in respect of any Scheme,

Plan, or proposal: That the Petitioners, on Behalf of themselves and His Majesty, have, and each of them hath, caused several Actions to be brought against Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of divers Newspapers, who have committed Offences against the said Acts, for the Recovery of Penalties incurred under the aforesaid Acts, or some of them, for and in respect of " to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exche-such Schemes, Plans, and Proposals aforesaid, by them " quer;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twelfth respectively printed, advertised, and published in such Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Newspapers, some of which said. Actions are now in Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Prosecution, and in some Judgment hath been actu- " preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming; ally obtained, and very considerable Costs have accru- and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of ed to the Petitioners and others in the Commencement the Reign of His present Majesty King George the and Prosecution of such Suits; and that, should the Third, intituled, "An Act for licensing Lottery intended Bill pass into a Law as it now stands, it " Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery would form a Precedent of the First Impression, since " Tickets and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-it would not only extend its Mercy to confessed Of- seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty fenders against Acts of Parliament plain and unambi- King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to ren-guous, by indemnifying them against Penalties actu- " der more effectual the Laws now in being for sup-ally incurred, upon no other Principle than that of " pressing unlawful Lotteries; " is committed.

Ignorance of the Law (which, in the general, is not

considered as even the shadow of an Excuse for an Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Mainwar-illegal Act) which appears to the Petitioners to be un- to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, '"8 s Nat’ precedented, and would tend to punish, in a very An Act for naturalizing Anne Marie Mainwaring and j ^ssed* severe Degree, the Petitioners, and others in their James Mainwaring, was committed; That the Corn-Situations, for having only pursued the Line pointed mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and out by Acts of Parliament, and for acting in the strict- found the same to be true; and that the Committee est Conformity to the Existing Laws, and they would had directed him to report the Bill to the House, thereby be deprived of the Moiety of the several Pe- without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill nalties for which they sued, and which they conceived in at the Clerk’s Table.

.!hem T ?*e Commencement of such Ac- And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

tions, but they will also be fixed with the Loss of all Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

7< 9 0 Ordered,

786

11® Man.

A. 1798.

Ordered, Tbnt Mr- Henry do carry the BUI

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Bristol Gaols The Lord Sheffield reported from the ^Committee, Bill reported, to whom the Bill for building a new > Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true ,* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

LevantTrade Mr. Rose, according to Order, repc..ed from the Bill reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the " Levant Seas," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ore by One; and, tupon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, fee ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question beingMotioc r put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi. ot, er3I' gable Canal from or near the Town of Grantham, in Cad c.

Bill to amend Act respect*

Chairs reported.

ingrossed.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an ing Hackney Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Coaches and present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

the > County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, at or near H

Ratclffe, in the County of Nottingham, is committed, that they do meet and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Samuel Long reported from the Committee, to RamsP: whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and " maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for " cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of " Sandzvich;" and also, an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

*' An Act to enlarge certain Powers granted by an " Act, passed in the Tw’enty-second Year of the " Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of " Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich;" and for making other Provisions for the Maintenance and Improvement of the said Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Lord Apslcy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, present*; Waste Grounds, Hills, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Lower otherwise Nether Hamper, Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the Parishes of Shipton Sollers and

Shipton Olliffe, in the County of Gloucester, and some Pieces of Land which extend into the Parishes of Whittington and Dowdeswell, in the same County:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wages of Silk Manufacturers reported.

Bill to extend Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Act for regu- whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of an latmgthe Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower " the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and " regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the " Silk Manufacture, within their respective Jurisdictions," to Manufactories of Silk mixed with other Materials; and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Silk purloined and embezzled by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof, was committed; That the Committee had goqe through the Bill, end wade several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and ho read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s, Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughput 1 and then a Second Time,

for

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill Committee and inclosing certain Open Common "n

dividing

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the morrow. Divisions of Lacknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and

Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, is committed, have Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, C(J", to consider of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of daiion.ta. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather,

" by lowering the Duty payable upon the Impor-‘‘ tation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark " shall exceed a. certain Rate, for a limited Time; ’’ a and

32<Jeo. III.

11° M

787

lra'"’ of."n A<* ’» Bm TwtMjr^wnth therein 'to b. Personal Estate, tew read the Tl.ird

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Time.

I! Anf?r ^pealing the ;several Duties of Customs And a Motion being irfade, and the Question being tmd Excise, and granting other -- *> > 6

granting other Duties in lieu " thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together " "with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue j for permitting the Importation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or " Manufacture of the European Dominions of the " French King, into thiB Kingdom; and for applying " certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Ex-u chequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives,

" to the Reduction of the National Debt," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had -directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Taller, for he Yea., {*; ] n

Ta.lereforthaNoeS({^^r,», j ,6.

So It was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the Rivers Mercy (now called Mersey) and Irwell Navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of ," and for incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburnedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee

on Bill for securing the

U

i et 1 tie

;oia

m

m

U

\?J:

The Lords ha\e agreed to

Lanerk and Hamilton Road Bill.

stained

Paper.

Peebles Roads, &c. Bill.

nina

Collingham Road Bill.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually securing the Duties Duties on upon Foreign stained Paper imported into Great Foreign Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, Report

upon the 2d Day of April last, was made from the i^p^son-Committee, who were appointed to inquire into the ment for

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lanerk, to the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanerk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Eleventh and Fitteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Peebles, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the lerm and Powers of an Act, pracf, ce an(j Effects of Imprisonment for Debt, might Debt, again

ESI

fe it ft

fe *

.GIM

,u

ijcfr

10

Manchester and Salford Police Bill.

passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through Wether by, to the City of; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Coombe Hill The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and Chtlten- Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Foot of Coombe in the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near to a Place called s otherwise Fletchers

Leap, in the Parish of Deerhurst, in the said County; without any Amendment.

lead.

ham Canal Bill.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

foi&;

iroii

to

the:

iff

Hit

Mersey and Dwell Navigation Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the Rivers Mercy (now called " Mersey) and Iruiell Navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster" and for incorporating the Proprietors of the said Navigation, and to declare their respective Shares Vol. 47.

be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, early in the next Resolution Session of Parliament, take into Consideration the lliereuP0, K Matter of the said Report.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Question Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William fc*?‘ for re‘ the Third, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Committee1 " suppressing of Blasphemy and Profaneness," might Motion be read. touching

And the same was read accordingly. ^ct*r®‘Pert'

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in Opinb, ns."U* the First Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against such as shall unreverently " speak against the Sacrament of the Altar, and of the " receiving thereof under both Kinds," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Mary, intituled,

" An Act against Offenders of Preachers, and other " Ministers in the Church," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Unilormity of Common *' Prayer and Service in the Church, and Administratioft of the Sacraments," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The

788 11° Mail A. 1792.

Motion The House was also moved, That an Act, made in

touching the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen , in-

Act* respect- tituled, " An Act for the Assurance of the Queen’s ing Religious „ Royaj power

over all Estates and Subjects within f ' " her Dominions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act against the bringing in, and " putting in Execution of Bulls, Writings, or Instruments, and other Superstitious Things from the See " of Rome," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of Queen

beth, intituled, "An Act to retain the Queen’s Majesty’s " Subjects in their due Obedience," might be read.

’ And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act against Jesuits, Seminary " Priests, and other such like disobedient Persons," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen

bethr, intituled, "An Act for the more speedy and due " Execution of certain Branches of the Statute, made in

"the Twenty-third Year of the Queen’s Majesty’s " Reign, intituled, "An Act to retain the Queen’s Majesty’s Subjects in their due Obedience," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen,

intituled, "An Act to retain the Queen’s Majesty’s i: Subjects in their due Obedience," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House w as also moved, That another Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for restraining Popish Recusants to some certain Places of Abode," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the due Execution of the " Statutes against Jesuits, Seminary Priests, Recusants, &c." might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for a Public Thanksgiving to " Almighty God every Year, on the Fifth Day of " November," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the better discovering " and repressing of Popish Recusants," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which grow by Popish Recusants," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for administering the Oath of " Allegiance, and Reformation of married Women " Recusants," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled, "An Act to restrain the passing or sending

" of any to be Popishly-bred beyond the Seas," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled, "An Act for Continuance and " repeal of divers Statutes," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for a perpetual Anniversary " Thanksgiving on the Nine-and-Twentieth Day of " May," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by " certain Persons called Qua, and others, refusing " to take lawful Oaths," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Uniformity of Public Prayers, and Administration " of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies;

" and for establishing the Form of Making, Ordaining,

" and Consecrating Bishops, Priests, and Deacons, in the Church of England," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for restraining Non-Conformists from Inhabiting in Corporations," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent and suppress " seditious Conventicles," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for the removing Papists,

" and reputed Papists, from the Cities of London and " Westminster, and Ten Miles Distance from the same," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for the better " securing the Government, by disarming Papists and " reputed Papists," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for exempting " their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from " the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the better " Security of His Majesty’s Royal Person and Government," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made -in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

" An

32 Geo. III.

11° — U° Maii.

m

ui ?r*

:di 5

Q*

hjss. hi &

te

789

An Act to oblige the Jews to maintain and provide " for their Protestant Children," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act for preserving the Protestant Religion, by " better securing the Church of as by Law

" esablished; and for confirming the Toleration granted to Protestant Dissenters, by an Act, intituled, "An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws," and for " supplying the Defects thereof; and for the further " securing the Protestant Succession, by requiring the " Practises of the Law in North Britain to take the " Oaths and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual and exemplary Punishment of such Persons as shall seduce " Soldiers to desert, or who, being Papists, shall inlist " themselves in His Majesty’s Service in Great Britain " or Ireland, or in the Islands of Jersey or Guernsey," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for strengthening the Protestant " Interest in these Kingdoms," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better preventing of Clandestine Marriages," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal and alter sundry Provisions of the said Acts;

The House was moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 30th Day of April 1772, "That " no Bill relating to Religion, or the Alteration of " the Laws concerning Religion, be brought into this " House, until the Proposition shall have been first considered in a Committee of the whole House, and " agreed unto by the House," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Motion for Leave to bring in a Bill to repeal and alter sundry Provisions of the said Acts, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

JMr. Grey,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- bill for ex. cond Reading of the Bill for extending certain Acts tem,‘ngCrr* therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, and Seumcn, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty's &c- residing Ships, and residing in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; e 'rr*

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Bill deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Auction Duty to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt Whale Oil and other Articles therein mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Tellers for the Yeas,s

’’[Mr. Adam [Mr. Neville, [Mr. Mitford So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Noes

}e3.

1142

Luna, 14* die Maii;

Anno 32* Georgii IU,u Regis, 1792.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the itodmarton, Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, &c. Inclosure Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the several Parishes of Rodmar-ton and Coates, in the County of Gloucester, and also for settling and making certain the Boundaries of the said Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, in the County of Gloucester, and also for settling and ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

I If. Bay for 3d |;j Heading of Bill for preservation of Timber in New FortBt.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Shipton Inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- clo*"r' Bl" dows, Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands p and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the further In- of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

: . o ... D____1._) n_ Tv.n j___________________ at

Ip.

1 i$ ii>

idtii

k

:tter

em*

Middlesex Justices recommitted Bill deferred.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

,e w

M

At

crease and Preservation of Timber within The Nczo

Forest, in the County of Southampton, and for the Sale of Rents, and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements, in the said Forest, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace in Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according Royal Ex-such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and to Order, a Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance change a«u near the Metropolis, be now read. Company, and their Successors, to grant, purchase,

9 P and present'd.

w

14° M

A. 1792,

Dean and Chapter of Bristol's Lease Bill

and sell Annuities upon Lives: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved \That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

_______ Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathe-

reported and dral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of passed. Bristol, to grant a Lease of Part of the Lands of the said Dean and Chapter, in the Parish of Saint Michael the Archangel, in the City of Bristol, for the Purpose of Building thereon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Or Penge L. sure Bin commit

Bristol Gaols Bill passed.

"Whitchurch Bridge Bill reported.

An ingrossed Bill for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol, and for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the same; and for disposing of the present Common Gaol of the said City of Bristol and County of the same City, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vansittartreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River Thames, from in the County of Oxford, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Pangbourn, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition from A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Bo-the Inhabi- rough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was pre-mouth* sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the against Ply- Bill for supplying the Town of Plymouth Dock, and mouth Dock the Parts adjacent, with Water; and Setting forth, Mater Bill. That the Petitioners, understanding that such Bill is intended to contain a Variety of Clauses highly prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners, granted and secured to them by an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, are well convinced that the same, if carried into a Law, will prove the Source of perpetual Discord and Litigation between the Borough of Plymouth and the Town of Plymouth Dock: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Agents and Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common Parcel of Waste Ground called Common, lying

within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Russell, Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vica»f to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major Maitland, Lord William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- Monument of the Poor belonging to the Towns and Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, the Parishes of *

Kerry, Llandyssil, Llanmercxcig, For den, Buttington,

Woolstanmine, Chirbury, Worthin, and Churchstoke, and the Townships of Aston and in the

Counties of Montgomery and Salop, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

At the End of the Line to insert " or."

1. 32. To leave out " or other Punishment whatsoever."

To leave out u Six," and insert " Four" instead thereof.

To leave out " situate as aforesaid." After " Forden " to insert "not exceeding Thirty Acres in the " Whole."

After " Grounds" to insert " between " the said Church and the Goer Mill aforesaid, and at the Distance of Four hundred Yards " at the least from the said " Church."

After " Forden "to insert " whether such Lady be Sole or Co-" vert, and whether such Lord " or Lady be entitled to the same,

" for Life or otherwise."

After " them " to insert " not exceeding Thirty Acres as aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and certain other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Keene do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

Pr. 9, 1. 31.

Pr. 16. 1. 14.

L 18.

1. 23.

1. 26.

Pr. 17. 1. 34.

1. 36.

32 Geo. III.

14° Mail.

791

Liverpool Vhurch Bill passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title same were read; and are as followeth vi-

be’ An Act for b|U1'din.Sua fne;v Cllurc!‘ or Chapel That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vkithin thelown and Parish of Liverpool, in the County That Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark, he permitted Palatine of Lancaster. _ to be imported into Great in

Oi dei ed, That Mr. i hotnas Stanley do carry the Bill Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to

to the* Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Law, from any Country not in for the F’ur-

_ pose of Dying, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into under the Prices mentioned in an Act made in the

on Proprie- a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to in- Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

and*Editors*' ^emn, fy a^d same harmless all Persons being Proprie- intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of NttWs-pa- tors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers, Maga- " of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the jiers, &c. In- zines, and other Daily or Temporary Publications, " Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such demnity Bill, who may have incurred Penalties and Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

" to raise Money, by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Twenty-two, and for transferring the Deficiencies " of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax for the said " Year; and for giving Time for inserting the Money given with Apprentices in their Indentures, and

" Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited

" Time."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence per Hundred Weight be charged upon all Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark, imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Red Mangrove Bark do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

"S,

pE

1 to &

rfci d d.

3 C-

Morning,

fcttf

Cife

U I Report on

Leather, and from

" touching lost Bills, Tickets, or Orders, and forex- That a Duty of Two Pence per Hundred Weight be " changing the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certi- charged upon all Red Mangrove Bark imported into " ficates, and for suppressing Lotteries denominated Great Britain.

" Sales, and other private Lotteries, and for enlarg- The said Resolutions being severally read a Second ing the Time of the Accountant General of the Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

" Bank of England to return Duplicates of Annuities agreed to by the House.

" into the Exchequerand also, an Act, passed in Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rote,

King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the " more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful same.

" Gaming;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-

second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from BUifursecur-George the Third, intituled, "An Act for licensing the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ing the Duties " Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Bill for more effectually securing the Duties upon FoLottery Tickets;" and also, an Act, passed in the reign stained Paper imported into Great was p„>repor\ed.

Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said pre- committed, the Amendments which the Committee sent Majesty King George the Third, intituled, " An bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed " Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being him to report to the House; and he read the Report " for suppressing unlawful Lotteries-" in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Mr. Henry Hobart look the Chair of the Committee. Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an House.

Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be to report, when the House will please to receive the ingrossed. same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

t i;»

led

icii*

tke-S

Consolidation Acts.

k *$

ok

0

atilt o

r* SfK

kteis

idiot' to is

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Griffith’s for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Estate

Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in the Parish rt)mn, uu"- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported’ of Kiddalias Cm in the County of Chcs-

)in the Committee of the whole House, to whom ter, and in the Parishes of and Tenant, in

it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the the County of Montgomery, in Sir Richard Brooke, Pa-Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ronet, as Mortgagee in Fee Simple, and for vesting intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Manufacture the Equity of Redemption thereof in the said Thomas " of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Griffith, and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of " Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such the said Thomas Griffith, in the Parish of Mold, in the " Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time;" County of in lieu thereof, was read a Second

and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year Time.

of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyg " Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs Mr. Crezec, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

" and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

" thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together

" with the other Duties composing the Public Reve- The House being informed that Mr. from Accounts

" nue; for permitting the Importation of certain the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, at- from ChumGoods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or tended at the Door; he was called in* and at the bcrlam’s(l1'-; Manufacture of the European Dominions of the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions f‘? l’tesu, U French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying of several Acts of Parliament,

" certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Ex- An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the chequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City Vo fe4?Uction of the National Debl>" the Resolu- of London, on the 5th Day of July 1791: And also, *

An

14° Mail.

A. 1792.

in Ireland, committed

An Account of Money received and paid by the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill fore*. Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of Reading of the Bill for extending certain Acts therein *"^8 "r‘ lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing Black- mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-com- pettyoilicm friar's Bridge, from the 29th of September ljgoexclu- missioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, ami Seamen, sive to the 29 th of September 1791 inclusive: And or ho may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s les«so>g also, Ships, and residing in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill w as read a second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

that this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

An Account of Money received and paid by the

Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of

an Act of Parliament for making a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite Chiswell Street, towards

the East, into Bishopsgate Street, from the 29th of September J 790 to the 29th of September 1791: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of upon the said Bill, an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons of the City of London, to purohase the pre- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House sent Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, pu^u[-1 River Thames, from the 29th of September 1790 to the upon the Bill to exempt Whale Oil and other Articles emotion Bill 29th of September 1791: And also, therein mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Bri-

An Account of Money received and paid by the tain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, be now Chamberlain of the City of London, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the said City and Liberties thereof, &c. from the 29th of September 1790 to the 29th of September 1791.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vagabonds,

&c Hill

passed.

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Accounts of Vessels employed in the Slave Trade presented.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow The House being informed that Mr. Halley, from Morning, the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, their Names, the Port to which they belong, and the Names of the respective Owners of each, that have cleared out from the Ports of London, Bristol, and Liverpool, to the Coast of Africa, for the Purpose of purchasing Slaves, in the Three posed, That Years preceding the 5th of January 1792: And also, Time;

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, their Names, the Port to which they belong, and the Names of the respective Owners of each, that have cleared out from the Ports of London, Bristol, and Liverpool to the Coast of Africa, for the Purpose of purchasing Slaves, from the 5th of January 1792 to the 4th of May 179a.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the further Increase Timber in and Preservation of Timber within The New The New so

in the County of Southampton, and for the Sale of reU Rents, and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements, in the said Forest;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-the said Bill be now read the Third

The Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make more effectual the " Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other " idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to " amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to " Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly " Persons, and to Houses of Correction."

Ordered, That Mr. Edward James Eliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That Part of the Eleventh Report of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents, which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of February last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, empowering the Commissioners to inquire into disputed Claims between the Crown and private Persons, and to cause a Survey to be made, and certified to the Commissioners of the Treasury.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. 51. 1. 25. To leave out the Clause for punishing Persons taking or cutting more Turves than for their own Use.

And

T93

32 Geo. III.

14° — 15® Mail

And the Question being put, That the stud Clause stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Increase and Preservation of Timber within The New Forest, in the County of Southampton; and for the Sale of Rents, and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements, in the said Forest.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Martis, 15* die Maii;

Anno 32* Georgii III*U Regis, 1792.

Praters.

SI R Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, Shelton

toy' - ~

committed

Bill.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Middlesex to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Justices re- to consjder further of the Bill for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace, in such Parts of the County of Middlesex, as lie in and near the Metropolis, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. M inchin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the - House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received. Reported. Mr. Minchin accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed

whom the Petition of several Trustees for put- ®d Pouting in Execution an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year ,onrePor, td-of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Road from Shelton, in the County of Stafford, through Bucknall, and by Ash and Cellar Head, to the Turnpike Road between Cheadle and Leek at Blakely Lane Head, and from Bucknall aforesaid to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Sandon at Weston Coyncy, in the said Act called The First District, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Child being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, so far as relates to the First District of Road

A*

r

vy> y.

'us. \i

it!!?*

"la

St. if

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

is Is

M

him to report to the House; and he read the Report therein comprised, and have borrowed a considerable ___ __j -r. j_ 1 *1 n.n — **' Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising

upon the said Road; which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, as to the said First District, be continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle Copy of De- His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to an(j £ee/c, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney, and Treaty be- give Directions, that there be laid before this House, from foe Road between Cheadle and Leek to the tween Russia a Copy of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, concluded Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the in December last, between the Court of Petersburgh and same Road u> the Road between Blyth Marsh and The Ottoman Porte. Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the County of Staf-

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His so for as the same relates to the Road from Shelton

Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of to Blakely Lane Head, and from Bucknall to Weston His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council. ~ ~ . ——

and The Porte.

to*

Bill for regulating the Mode of Accounting in the Royal Burghs of Scotland, ordered.

T3

T* to c

C0

to*

llf»

.0 be

£!lS!

,lri

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Mode of Accounting for the Common Good and Revenues of the Royal Burghs of Scotland: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Sir James St. Clair Erskine do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 47.

Coyney: And that Sir Edward Littleton and Mr. Gilbei't

do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Provisions of Bill to ex-an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of tend Act for His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower " the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and re- s"jk " gulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk facturers,

" Manufacture, within their respective Jurisdictions," passed, to Manufactories of Silk mixed with other Materials; and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Silk purloined and embezzled by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower the " Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate " the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture, within their respective Jurisdictions," to Manufactories of Silk mixed with other Materials; and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and

9 Q Receivers

15° Man:

794

A. 1792.

Receivers of Silk purloined and embezzled by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwar do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trial of Mr. Orderedr That the Serjfeant at Arras attending this Ha*tings. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby and

Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall and summon the Members there to attend - their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speakers Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned; he reported, that there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Trehawke’s Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, Estate Bill to -whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An passed! ’an Act for vesting in Trustees the legal Estate in Fee Simple of divers Manors and other Hereditaments mortgaged or conveyed in Trust to Trehazcke, Esquire, deceased, after the Date of his Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Oak Bark Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord-

Importation ing to Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of ed. presen ' Quercitron or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty; and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second 'JTime.

I^ewknor Inclosure Bill reported.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands or

Grounds, within die Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, waa committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of O; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Lcwkrwr, and within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Oxford;and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within the Divisions of Lewknor and Postcmb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford', and als©; the Petition of the several Persons whose Names aire thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Divisions of Letvknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford; and also, the Petition of several Proprietors of Estates, in the Divisions of Postcomb and Lewknor, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, on Behalf of themselves and others of the Proprietors; and also, another Petition of several Proprietors of Estates, in the Divisions of Postcomb and Lewknor, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, on Behalf of themselves and others of the Proprietors, w ere severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of 7001. 2 s. who were against the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of 13/. who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Annual Value of the Lands affected by the Bill amounts to 2,573/. 19*. 6rf.) and had also given their Consent to the changing One of the Commissioners named in the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed bim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that Lands shall continue liable to Tythes, if the Proprietors are dissatisfied with the Valuation made by the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and The Lords Mr. Ord: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitoled. An Burhomri Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Knockin larging the Powers, of an Act, of the Twelfth Year Roa<l5B" of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in

the

n.

% jj i

M

k

32 Ge6. III.

15° Maii.

795

Stanley Inclosure Bill.

11 0!

s, it 3

ba

Ufc

flORj Ittkf, (m lim i »tk Siaad-ot In. s (<&

Lai til-

itm

ai aim Hitt

i&k

lie 3.

‘jf b

j£?U£

: ac an lie.® k i® esn dec a

iS a ,«a d css: Qat te 1, dire s, if*

jais >

jpis*

Ci!£."

:Dt1 ii d

1M:

I CD-1 Veil and i tb*

: i,*

s

Bishop Wearmouth Bridge Bill.

Syerston Inclosure Bill.

Tenlby Inclosure Bill.

Bolton Ibclo-sure and Paving, &c. Bill.

the same County, and from Knockin to the East End of the Uatiriader Road, and from Place Carrick Lane to the Turnpike Road from to

near Coid lssa Mountain, and from Oswestry Turnpike

Road, on Knockia Heath, to the East End of Knockin Lane; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Liberty of Stanley, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building i Bridge across the River , from the Bank or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bishop Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk Wearmouth, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Syerston, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tealby, otherwise Teoilby, in the County of Lincoln;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, and for supplying the said Towns with Water, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, within the said Towns; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords hare agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing, and leasing or letting, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Colton, in the County of and applying the

Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor’s Rate in the said Parish, and for making Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws of Excise, relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to re-build the West End of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and to repair other Parts thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Daniel Leo, Esquire, and Letitia his Wife, and Mary Puleston, Widow, of several Estates in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Caernarvon, late the Estates of John Davies, of Llanerth, Esquire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Tockwith ln- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the closure Bill Open Arable Fields, Ings, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Tockwith, in Vo l.47.

Colton Inclosure Bill.

Bill relating toFlintGlass.

Hereford Cathedral Bill.

The Lords have passed

Leo’s and Puleston’s Partition

Bill.

Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

the Parish of Bilton, in the County of the City of York, was read the Third Time.

Resoboed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Tockwith, in the Parish of Bolton, in the County of the City of York.

Ordered, That Sir William Mordau Milner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Monk Fry. several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Com- 8ton , Inrl°-mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and 0,11 Township of Monk Fryston, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Monk Fryston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir William Mordaunt Milner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

sure Bill passed.

passed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable. Canal from the Town of Manchester to or near the Towns of Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 27. Leave out " therefrom," and insert " from the said intended Canal." Pr. 13. 1. 11. Leave out from "Attendance" to " Provided/’ in Press 14, Line 21, and instead thereof insert Clause (A).

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That

" the said Company of Proprietors, in making the said intended Canal, shall not deviate more " than One Hundred Yards from " the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, " and set forth in the said Book " of Reference, nor cut, carry, or " convey the same Canal into, " through, across, under, or over " any Part or Parts of the several " Estates, Lands, or Grounds, " now or late belonging to, or " reputed to belong to, the said " several and respective Persons " named or described in the said " Book of Reference, other than " within the like Distance of One " hundred Yards from such Part " or Parts as are mentioned in the said Book of Reference in that Behalf, without the Approbation and Consent in Writing, signed by the Person or " Persons to whom such Estates, " Lands, and Grounds do or , " shall respectively belong."

Pr. 31. 1. 1. After "Suit" insert Clause (B.) Clause (B.) " And be it further Enacted, That

" if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall, at any Time or u Times hereafter, apply for any " Act or Acts of Parliament to " enable him, her or them, to " make a Navigable Cut or Canal to pass from or near the " Town of Rochdale, in the said

" County

Lords

Amendments to Manchester and Ashton under Lyne Canal Bill put off for 3 Months.

7 96

15° Matt.

A. 1792.

Pr. 38. 1. 4-

Clause (C.)

u County of Lancaster, to the " Town of Manchester aforesaid, " the said Company of Proprie-u tors shall, without further Proof, u be deemed and taken as con- sentiBg thereto 7 and that it " shall and may be lawful for <c the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Cut or Canal so to be " applied for, or the Person or " Persons by him, her, or them " duly authorized in that behalf, " at any Time or Times after " such Act or Acts of Parliament " shall be obtained, to form a " Junction and Communication " with the said intended Canal, " and also to cross the same, and " to navigate thereon, without " being subject to any further " Restrictions or Regulations, and " without paying or rendering, or " being liable to pay or render, " any greater Rate or Rates, Ton-<t nage or Tonnages, or other " Impositions, for or in respect " thereof, than any other Person or Persons navigating the like " Distance on the said intended " Canal, are or may be subject or " liable to under or by virtue of " this Act; so as the same can " be done without diverting any " Spring or Springs, Stream or " Streams of Water, which are " necessary for supplying the said " intended Canal, and without " taking or using any Water out of " or from the said intended Canal, " and without doing any Injury " or Damage to the said intended Canal; and so as the Person or Persons making any such " Cut or Canal as aforesaid, or " the Proprietor or Proprietors " thereof shall, if thereunto required by the said Company of " Proprietors, make, erect, and " maintain a Stopgate or Stopgates across the same, in order " to prevent the Water from being drained or wasted out of the " said Canal intended to be made " by virtue of this Act, by Means " of making such other Cut or " Canal to commnnicate with or to cross the said intended " Canal."

Leave out from "notwithstanding" to " And" in PresB 40. Line 15, and instead thereof insert Clause

<£).

" Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and " are hereby required, at their own " Expence, by a Bason or Well, " to turn the Water which shall " necessarily pass and flow down " the said intended Canal in navigating Vessels thereon (except so much thereof as shall " be necessary for the Use of the said Navigation) after such " Water shall have passed the

" lowest Lock to be made across " the said intended Canal, into " the present Tunnel belonging " to Francis Duke of Bridgewater,

" made near to Bank Top in " Chester aforesaid; any Thing in " this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Muck® making a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Ashton Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. ordered Blackbume do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sogur re-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Ex- 1 tet" portation of Sugar, and allowing the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, Ale-hoi® made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of Keepers.t the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, ^"'2

as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house, Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that the Times of licensing Ale-houses in the City of London shall not be altered.

And the said Clause was Thrice read: and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses, and the manner of granting such Licences in future* and also of granting Licences to persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses.

Ordered, That Sir John Call do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from Auction Dt-the "Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to exempt Whale Oil and other Articles therein men- 1 re|W ' tioned, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hetiry Hobart, according to Order, reported propnfta;i from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Printers, d the Bill to indemnify and save harmless all Persons Editonoi being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of News- $'"2^ papers, Magazines, and other Daily or Temporary nity Bill r<-

Publications, ported.

k.

atis.

c:K.

'!^ac:

lkk[

& i\*jj

iij.Mii>

« Ac,

l’ee ii

*,d

Hi liid

Uik

i to tin

% oi li.

mb

ii, m

: H'iSt

rui'^I

ii* teem peri d J5e.a! u^i ife

2132

tfdb-ix5 inf me* lei -: tO 5 SftfE t: it J[E?&

ihfi?

rted ?

ion-’

sOfisjl

;i0i;

32 Geo. III.

15° J/«».

797

Publications, who may have incurred Penalties and forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the first, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mutn, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year One thousand Se-

plication to Parliament, which Map or Plan shall describe the Line of such intended Cut, Canal, or Navigation, and the Lands through which the same is to be carried, together with a List of the Names of the Owners, or reputed Owners, and Occupiers thereof respectively.

vest hundred and Twenty-two, and for transferring Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Deficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax That the Clerks of the Peace, or their respective Defer the said Year; and for giving Time for insert- puties, shall make a Memorial, in Writing, upon the ing the Money given with Apprentices in their said Plan and Book of Reference, denoting the Time Indentures, and touching lost Bills, Tickets, or Or- the same was lodged in his Office, and at all season-ders, and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exche- able Hours of the Day permit any Person to view and

1 quer, for Certificates, and for suppressing Lotteries, 1 denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries, and for enlarging the Time for the Accountant General of the Bank of England to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequerand also, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive " and deceitful Gaming and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act, for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets;" and also, an Act,

examine the same, and to make Copies or Extracts therefrom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Committee, to whom the Petition for any of the above Purposes shall be referred, do, in the first Place, inquire how far the Orders contained in the Four preceding Resolutions have been complied with; and that the Chairman of such Committee shall report the same to the House on the Report of such Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

That such a Number of Copies of the said

Report from Committee appointed to consider Standing Orders respecting Natation Bills.

Ordered,

passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of said present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, the Members of the House.

" An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in

" being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries," was com- An ingrossed Bill to extend and render more effec- LevantTrade mitted, the Amendment which the Committee had tual an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Bill passed, made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inreport to the House; and he read the Report in his tituled, " An Act for enlarging and regulating the

" Trade into the Levant Seas," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to extend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into " the Levant Seas."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, who were appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of the House respecting Bills for making Navigable Canals, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That when any Application is intended to be made to this House for a Bill to make any Navigable Cut or Canal, or to make any River Navigable, or to vary or alter any such Cut, Canal, or Navigable River, Notice of such intended Application shall be inserted Three Times in The London Gazette, in the Months of August and September, or either of them, previous to the Session of Parliament to which such Application is proposed to be made, as well as in the Newspapers, and at the Quarter Sessions, agreeably to the Directions of a former Standing Order of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Notices shall contain the Parishes and Townships in, to, or through which any such Cut, Canal, or Navigable River is intended to be made, altered, or carried.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Map or Plan of such proposed Cut, Canal, or Navigable River, with a Book of Reference, shall be deposited for public Inspection, at the Office of Clerk or Clerks of the Peace of every County, Riding, or Division, through which such Cut, Canal, or Navigation, is intended to be made, varied, or altered, on or before the l ith Day of November, previous to the Ap-Yot. 47,

residing in Ireland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill for upon the Bill for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-cominis- toWtty Otfi-sioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or Cers and Sta-who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty's men,

Ships, and residing in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved', That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill Apprentices.

for the further

Regulation of Parish

Parish Apprentices Bill deferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

9R

798

16° Man.

A. 1792.

Mercurii, 16° die;

Anno 320 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

Answer to T ORD Viscount Parker reported to the Hquse, That Address. J_i their Address of Monday last (thpt His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that there he laid before this House Copy of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, concluded in December last, between the Court of Petersburg and The Porte) had

been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Tenge’s The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Com-

Estate Bill mittee, to whom the ingrossed Rill from the Lords,

' asl'ed^ 8Ud ^ntituled, An Act to enable the Trustees in the Settle* pa6:>e ‘ ment executed on the Marriage of Henry Tonge, Esquire, and Ann Eliza his Wife, to sell and-dispose of a Capital Messuage or Mansion House, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Somerset, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Old South Sea Annuities, upon the Trusts of the said Settlement, w as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Billina! the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Worcester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Daniel's Estate Bill committed-

An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain settled Leasehold Lands and Tenements of Edward Daniel, Gentleman, and Catherine his Wife, in that Part of the Parish of Clifton which lies within the City of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled upon the Trusts of the said settled Estates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Worcester, Mr. PittSee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

form's Leases Bill committed.

Shelton Hoad Bill presented.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Eduard Curtis during his Life, and after his Death, the Guardians of his Children during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Pieces of Ground at Clifton, in the County of ,was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Worcester, Mr. Pitt, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of IR3 present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the lload between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknallto WestonCoyney, and from the Road between Cheadle anil Leek to the Turnpike Road above

04

Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near RuehitlGate, in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarg- Tadcwtr ing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth and H°l>-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George gJJ* the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End.

Ordered, That Sir John Ingilby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Lord North do make the Report Dunstabii from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and Hncki^ the Terms, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of P ’ the Reign of Queen Anne, the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tw elfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Ilockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of The White Horse to the Sign of The King's Arms, in Hock/iffe aforesaid, was committed.

The Lord North accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of It House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Hasting*. Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend

their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And

32 Geo. III.

16° Mail.

799

4 v.

itu.

G

\irmarthen-,ire Roads 3)i ill reported.

‘-.‘a *:’i

!-i lij

I*®"':

m r 'woT tith

.vs, 'i It

ilia

L* ’ommittee ft: n parish ^apprentices

iii!.

\u J

!r:l!

e;: i

sP;ii

d lii ? CuL;.

fc a: to

)Leo’s and Puleston’s Partition Bill read.

II)!! &

lie . ear $

ti$

*ho

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of JVarren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of Llan-dilofawr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the new Bridge over the River Towyto the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandarog, and also the Road from Cae-Cappel-Issa, in the Parish of Llangathen, to the Town of Llanelly, and also the Road from the Cross Road, in the Parish of Llanvihangel to

Pentregwenlles, and the Village of Llandibye, and also the Road from a Place called Cross in the said Parish of Llangathen, to the Turnpike Road leading from Llandibye to Llandarog, all in the County of Carmarthen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carexvtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pole Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Daniel Leo, Esquire, and Letitia his Wife, and Mary Pulcston, Widow, of several Estates in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Caernarvon, late the

Estates of John Davies, of Llanerth, Esquire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty's most Kx'|iendirur, Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament as re- &c. deferred.’ lates to the Public Income and Expenditure, and the National Debt;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend so much of ®|1J an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Trey

present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coaches and Coaches and Chairs, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chairs passed.

Leeds and The Lords

have agreed to

I Ioniton and Roads Bill-

Bill for secur- An ingrossed Bill for more effectually securing the

mgtheDuties Duties upon Foreign stained Paper, imported into ZiieaZer Great Britain, was read the Third Time, passed. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for more effectually securing the Duties upon Foreign printed, painted, or stained Paper, imported into Great Britain.

Vo i. 47.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr.

Mr. Ord.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and

Act for more effectually amending, keeping in Repair, the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to or near Shipley Lane, in the Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and from North-

cote Lane, in Honiton aforesaid, to or near in the said County of Devon, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset -, and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading " to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis," as relates to the Road from Fair Mile to Head, otherwise Strctxcood Head, in the Parish of pie, in the said County of Devon-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to re* Act for removing the Stand of Hackney Coaches out ®

of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Parish hackney

of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Coaches Westminster; without any Amendment: And also, out of Bond The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Street"

Act for repairing and improving the Road leading j^rdand from Cornhill Burn by Pallinsburnand Lane, Bill-

to Milfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lou-ick, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Mr. Ilas-House, That their Lordships will proceed further in t,ng»»Tn*l. the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ramsgate whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the

Tw’enty-second Year of his late Majesty King George e 1 e the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and " maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for clcansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandvcich," and also, an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. " An Act to " enlarge certain Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George " the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and " maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for

" cleansing,

Bill for extending certain Acts to Petty Officers and Seamen, &c, residing in Ireland, deferred.

Oak Bark

Importation Bill committed.

Auction

Duty

Exemption Bill passed.

Parish Apprentices Bill reported.

Taylor's and Elderton’s Agreement Bill reported, and passed.

800 16° — 17° Mail A. 1792.

cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of " Sandicich;" and for making other Provisions for the

Maintenance and Improvement of the said Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, and residing in Ireland, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jervis, 17* die Mail;

Anno 32® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1792.

PfctA YfcttS.

A BILL for allowing the Importation of Quercitron or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to exempt Whale Oil and other Articles therein mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to exempt Whale Oil and other Articles therein mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices was committed.

Mr. Rolle accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between the Reverend John Taylor, Curate of the Curacy of Clifton, in the Parish of Westbury upon , in

the County of Gloucester, and Harry of the

City of Bristol, Gentleman, for granting a Building Lease of a Certain Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the said Curacy, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify and save harmless prop,*, all Persons being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Piwtv Newspapers, Magazines, and other Daily or Temporary Publications, who may have incurred Penalties and Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of imfe* the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder,

" and Perry, to raise Money, by Way of a Lottery,

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-two, and for transferring the " Deficiencies of a late Malt Act to the Land Tax for " the said Year; and for giving Time for inserting " the Money given with Apprentices in their Indentures, and touching lost Bills, Tickets, or Orders,

" and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer " for Certificates, and for suppressing Lotteries denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries, and for " enlarging the Time for the Accountant General of u the Bank of England to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful " Gaming;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for licensing " Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of " Lottery Tickets;" and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " to render more effectual the Laws now in being for " suppressing unlawful Lotteries," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers, and other Publications, from certain Penalties incurred under several Acts therein mentioned, relative to Lotteries.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord- Mad* ing to Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Canal "dAsb; from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and -ham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same presemcJ. was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gaily Knight do make the Report itewis. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and closure !U inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest Commons, K*w"' and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Basford, in the County of Nottingham, was committed.

Mr. Gaily Knight accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the

Bill,

32 Geo. III. 17° Mail

801

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Common Rights and 64 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill, or being applied to gave no Answer, or could not be met with; and also, except the Owner of One Common Right, who lives in Ireland-, and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure consists of 74 Common Rights, and 1 ,350 Acres of Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for trying the Right to the Manor, between the Duke of Newcastle and Mr. Sanders, within a certain Time.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Grounds, Hills, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Lower otherwise Nether Hampen, Shipton Sollers, and Shipton

Olliff'e, in the Parishes of Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the County of Gloucester, and some Pieces of Land which extend into the Parishes of and Dmvdeswell, in the same County, was read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Captain Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Burton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Heaths, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Chapelry of leigh, in the Parish of Stanton in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not vacate a Lease of the Glebe and Tythes granted by Mr. Walsh to Mr. Walker, or the Lease of a certain Farm held by Mr. Walker under Doctor Sibthorpe.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for settling Doubts respecting the Tythe of Milk.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Vt)L. 47-

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom Whitehaven the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Harbour thereunder written, being Trustees of the Harbour, ^etUl'm r*-Town, and Port of Whitehaven, in the County of Cum- porte ’ berland was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Edward Burrow, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trade and Navigation to and from the Town, Port, and Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, have of late Years much increased, and are at present in a very improving State; but that the Harbour is too small for the Ships resorting thereto, and that it would be advantageous to the Trade and Commerce of the Country if the same was to be enlarged, and properly regulated, improved, and maintained:

Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, Tttat he knows the Town, Harbour, and Port of vent; and it would be of Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the Country, if the said Harbour and Port were enlarged, and properly regulated, improved, and maintained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further enlarging and improving the Harbour and Port of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland: And that Mr. Lowther and Mr. Senhouse do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Petition from City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, London

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and respecting Commons of the City of London, in Common Council the Duty on assembled. Coals.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, by the Act of the Ninth of Ann, Cap. 22, and several subsequent Acts, a local Duty of Three Shillings per Chaldron or Ton was imposed upon all Sorts of Coals and Culm imported and brought Coastwise into the Port of London, or the River Thames, within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, and was appropriated for the building certain Churches in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, and for other Purposes enumerated in the said Acts, and there is no Charge, Claim, or Incumbrance on the said Duty, other than an Annuity to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, granted in Consideration of their having advanced the Sum of 1,750,000l. for the Purpose of discharging certain Sums of Money which had been raised, from Time to Time, upon the said Duty; and that, besides the said local Duty of Three Shillings, there were other local Duties laid on the said Commodities by the Operation of Overcharges in the National Imposts 1779 ar>d *782* the Officers in computing those Branches having taken Five per Cent, of all the preceding Branches indiscriminately, although One of them was the aforesaid local Duty of Three Shillings, and the Consolidation Act, of the Twenty-seventh of His present Majesty, having added Eight-twentietlxs of a Penny to the total Duty on Coals, in order to raise the Fraction to an- Integer, and it appears, by Computations now made, that the Surplus arising from the said local Duties, after paying the Annuity to the Bank of England, is more than sufficient for paying off the Whole of the said Debt

802 17° M A. 1792.

of 1,750,000l.; and that, by the Act, of the Thirteenth of George the First, Cap. 21. it was provided, that so soon as the whole Debt and Interest should be paid, the Duty should be understood to be redeemed, and by the Act of the First of George the Second, Stat. 2. Cap. 8. it was enacted, That, on Payments being made to the Bank, not less than 500,000l. each, the Annuity should be proportionably reduced: And therefore submitting the Premises to the Consideration of the House, in Hopes that the said local Duties may be repealed, or that such other Relief may be granted to the Petitioners in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and other Suffolk Em- Owners of divers Marshes, and other Grounds and He-bankment reditaments, lying on each Side of the River Yare, in bill. the several Parishes of,

Brammerton, Surlingham, Rockland, Carlton,

Langley, Hardley, Norton, Thorpejuxta

wich, Postwick, Brundel, Buckingham,

singham, Cant ley, Limpcnho Thorpe,

hampton, Halvergate, and in the County of

Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending before the House for more effectually preserving certain Lands and Grounds, within the said County of Norfolk, from Injury or Damage by the Sea, and for repealing an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the speedy Recovery " of many Thousand Acres of Marsh Ground, and other Ground, within the County of lately

" surrounded by the Rage of the Sea in divers Parts "of the said County, and for the Prevention of the " Danger of the like surrounding hereafter;" in the Preamble of which Bill it is stated, That various Inroads or Breaches have lately been made by the Sea upon the Coast of the County of Norfolk, at and

Winterton, in the said County, and that sundry Marshes, and Lands adjacent thereto, have been Overflowed and much damaged by the Sea Water; and further Setting forth, That, from the Distance of the several Parishes above-mentioned from Horsey and Winterton aforesaid, and by Reason of divers Walls and Embankments made since the passing of the said Act, in the several Marshes in the said Parishes above-named, at the Costs and Charges of the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands therein, the same Marshes are so defended that no Salt Water has, within the Memory of Man, flowed, or is likely to flow, over the same, by Means of the Breaches of the Sea at Horsey and Winterton aforesaid, and that therefore the said Marshes are not liable, in any Respect, to be injured by the said Breaches, and ought not, as the Petitioners submit, in any Degree to be assessed towards the Repairs thereof; and that, for Want of regular Notices having been sent to the aforesaid Parishes, or other usual and proper Notices given them, many Proprietors in the said Parishes are entirely uninformed of such a Bill having been brought forward, and such of the Petitioners as have been lately informed thereof, in Consequence of no printed Copies of the said Bill having been made and dispersed in the usual Manner, and by Reason of the great Privacy with which the said Bill hath been hurried on, have not had sufficient Time to form a competent Judgment of the Extent of the operative Clauses therein contained: And therefore, on Behalf of themselves and the said other Owners and Proprietors, for the Reasons aforesaid, and in order that the Petitioners may have Time to employ One or more experienced and skilful Engineers to take the Levels of the different Marshes, and to draw Plans of such Marshes, and of the Walls and Embank*

ments thereof, and to obtain such further Information as may be wanting as to the Effects (if any) winch the' said Sea Breaches have, or are likely to have, upon; the Marshes and Lands in1 the above; named' Pat-rishes, and to make his or their Report: thereon, praying, That the further Reading of the said Bill may be put off for Three Months, or for such further Time as the House may think proper; and that the Petitioners may then produce such Evidence, as they may have obtained, before the House, and may be heard, by themselves, their Agents or Counsel, as they shall think fit, against such Part of the said Bill as may affect them or their Property, or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually preserving certain Lands and Grounds, within the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, from Injury or Damage by the Sea, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it-be an Instruction1 to the said Committee, That theydo admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said; Petition.

Sir James St. Clair Erskine, presented to the House, Scotch according to Order, a Bill for the better regulating the Burgfl!il Mode of Accounting for the Common Good and Re-prescrtR venues of the Royal Burghs of Scotland: And the same was received; and read ths First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That air humble Ad- Address -dress be presented to His Majesty, That He will be furtherR-graciously pleased to give Directions for making some further Recompence to John Ley, Esquire, in Conside- ' ration of his long and meritorious Services as Clerk, Assistant of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good whatever His Majesty shall order to be issued for this Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Membere of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is King’s C concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the sent to Open and Inclosed Common Fields; Common Woods, Gedling: Wastes, Commons, and other Lands, within the Parish g°jj0SUi: of Gedling, comprizing the several Hamlets of

Stoled Bardolph, and Carlton, in the County of Nottingham, which Bill was, upon the 9th Day of this Instant May, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they stall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill pawi be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosed Common Fields, Common Woods, Wastes, Commons, and other Lands, within the Parish of Gedling, comprizing the several Hamlets of Gedling, Stoke Bardolph, and Carlton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice

32 Geo. III.

17" M

803

Kiu^’s-Cob* bent to Lambley In* closure Bill.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s. Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Coppices, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish oi Lambley, in the County ham, which Bill was, upon the loth Day of this Instant

the Amendments made

said Bill, being read

a

by, the

Second

The Second, of

Committee to the Time,;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by. leaving out all the Trustees therein

May, reported from the Committee, to whom the same described as Members serving in Parliament for, certain had been committed; Places, for the Time being.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s And Question being put, That the Words, "the Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, " Members serving in Parliament for the Maritime having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, " Counties, for the Time being," being the Trustees First gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is described in the said Amendment, stand Part thereof; concerned; that the House may do therein as they shall The House divided, think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third

The Noes went forth.

Time.

Bill passed. Reached, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Coppices, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lambley, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tellers for the Yeas tellers for the Yeas,|Sir

Tellers for the Noes;

fSir Edward. Knalckbull, ’[Mr. Honywood:

Report on

Ramsgate Harbour Bill further considered*

:L

IT*

ito

U-Ii*

(jL:f

sSsi

*!ti

ate ,;i

Ir.teS! io 'u

the?*

l.fe*

:inej*

Mas?

\U

2

iteitt1 tri3

i'/a

iW

iif

'J*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enr " larging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, " and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandxoichand also, an Act, passed in

the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge certain Powers granted " by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the " Reign of King George the Second, intituled, " An, " Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of " Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and pre-' serving the Haven of Sandwichand for making other Provisions, for the Maintenance and Improvement

23-j 31-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then several other Amendments were made to the said Amendment.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Name of Sir Narborough Daeth, Baronet.

And the Question being put, That the Name of Sir Narborough Daeth, Baronet, stand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rr, c., v- /Sir Edward

1 ellers for the Y e&sX j —

Tellers for the Noes

24-

28.

Mr.

Colonel Phipps,

Mr. Burdon:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then several other Amendments were made to the said Amendment.

And the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second

of the said Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing. Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

amending, and preserving the Haven of , was

committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word "now." and at the End of the Question, to add the Words, " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now " stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the House being informed. That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {

Tellers for UreNoes,{ Mj. AJd=^; |

?4>

38.

Mr. Alderman Watson.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vox.. 47.

with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill- shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Sugar to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Exportation of Sugar, and allowing the Importation of "

Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Middlesex the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effec- JusUce=> tual Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace, furred in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Bill for extending certain Acts to Petty Officers and Seamen, &c. residing in Ireland, deferred.

Answer to Address.

Whitchurch Bridge Bill passed.

Carmarthen shire Roads Bill passed.

Royal Exchange Assurance Company’* Bill committed.

904

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, and residing in Ireland, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VeneiHs, 18* die Mail;

Anno 32* Georgii III‘a Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Parker reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for making some further Recompence to John Ley, Esquire, in Consideration of his long and meritorious Services as Clerk Assistant of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good whatever His Majesty shall order to be issued for that Purpose) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River Thames, from Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Pangbourn, in the County of Berks, wa6 read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River Thames, from Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Pangbourn, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of Llandilofawr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the

new Bridge over the River Toney to the Lime Kilns, in the Parish of Llandarog, and also the Road from Cae-Cappel-Issa, in the Parish of to the Town

of Llanelly, and also the Road, from the Cross Road in the Parish of Llanvihangel, to

Pentregwenlles, and the Village of Llandibye, and also the Road from a Place called Cross Inn, in the said Parish of Llangathen, to the Turnpike Road leading from Llandibye to Llandarog, all in the County of Carmarthen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of dilofawr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the new Bridge over the River Tawy to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandarog, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Carmarthen.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Company, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, *uid sell Annuities upon Lives, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Phelips, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A. 1792.

Mr. Lowlher presented to the House, according to Whiteha^ Order, a Bill for further enlarging and improving the HarbaurBiii Harbour and Port of Whitehaven, in the county of preseDted' Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Expences incurred in putting Water on E*pences, Board His Majesty’s Fleet at Portsmouth, Torbay, and Plymouth, respectively, from the 1st Day of January B^r"t°b"

1774 to the 31st Day of December 1783; distinguishing Fleet, each Year, and whether such Expences were incurred ordtre(i' by Transports, Hoys, or in what other Manner.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Southkigh Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Iaclocure Pastures, Commons, Heaths, Waste and other Com- Blllpassti monable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Chapelry of Southleigh, in the Parish of Stanton -court, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Heaths, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Chapelry of South-leish, in the Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Reco- Cireuccste very of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Cirencester, &t- Smajj Crowthome and Minty, BrightwellBerrrn, Rapsgale, ®^B|U Bradley, Bisley and Longtree, commonly called The pas'a' Seven Hundreds of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Cirencester, thoivic and Minty, Brightwells, Berrow, Rapsgate, Brad-

ley, Bisley and Longtree, commonly called The Seven Hundreds of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That the Lord Apsley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill in er Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower the Justices of Oyer " and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of for toconnr.

" the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Stssiuno " Session of Gaol Delivery of begun to be

" holden before the Essoign Day of Term and Sitting Xennimr.

" of the King’s Bench at Westminster, notwithstand- ordered.

" ing the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or " elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to continue a Session of the Peace, and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term and Sitting of the King’s Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lori Ord: h"veai*J

Mr. Speaker, 10

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lanerk

Act Roads r-

17° — 18° Mail

32 Geo. III.

18° Maxi.

805

South Mall* ing Road

BUI

b

Almond and Airdrie Roads Bill.

in

iOO-C

ito.*

'A ft

iG!*

Lit ft

:r. Cn-

K jffl

o

,'rj V£

liies

Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: of so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of And also,

the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to pro-repairing and widening several Roads leading through Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, vide *?T AP-the County of Lanark; without any Amendment: made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Ma- ^‘c^2o*fftl And also, lesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting cer- sum to R«-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An " tain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every duction of Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and amend the " Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the National Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty- " Reduction of the National Debt," and to provide ^t|^lt" second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the Application of an additional Sum to tire Re- menu,

and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present duction of the said Debt in case of future Loans;

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the South End with some Amendments; to which Amendments the

of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And the Town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence, also,

through Ftrle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Broad Stairs the Parish of Alfriston, in the County of Sussex (ex- Act for repairing or re-building the Pier adjoining to Harbour Bill,

cept so far as the said Acts relate to that Part of the the Harbour of Broad Stairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in Am*nd*

said Road which lies between a Place, commonly the County of Kent, and for the better preserving the Iuen,s* called Bopeep, in the Parish of Alciston, and Long- said Harbour, and for removing and preventing Ob-bridge aforesaid) and for amending and keeping in structions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regu-Repair several other Roads therein mentioned, in the lating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the s^tid County of Sussex; without any Amendment: said Harbour; with some Amendments; to which And also, Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An this House: And also,

Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The Lor<ls in Repair, the Roads from the new Bridge over the enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of ^*o^*e<* Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Prestwick cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lan- prMtw, eh Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate, caster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the cum Oldbarn to Baillieston, in the County of Lanerk, and for making, Glebe belonging to the said Rectory; to which the Bib. amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Branches of Road from the said Line of Road; and The I^ords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Churchill's

for building a Bridge over the Water of Avon at enable the Heir, or Heirs at Law, of the surviving Estate Bill. Torphichen Mill; and for discharging the Trustees for Trustee of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parishes executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and of Chalfont Saint Peters and Iver, in the County of Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Ma- Bucks, purchased with Part of the Personal Estate of jesty King George the Second, and Two Acts, passed Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased, by virtue of an in the Fourteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third Year of of His present Majesty, from the Care of such Part the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, of the Road from Nero House Inn to Glasgow, as leads to sell and convey the same Lands and Hereditaments, from the Confines of the Parishes of Monkland and for a Consideration to be paid into the Hands of the Shotts to the East Boundary of Baillieston aforesaid, Trustees of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill, and putting the same under the Power of the Trustees Esquire, deceased; and also to enable the said Trus-appointed by this Act; without any Amendment: tees to invest the said Purchase Money, and other the And also, said Personal Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands

Swell Wold The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses, and ;, and Chelten- Act for amending, widening, altering, and repairing with the Limitations, mentioned in the said Act of ham Roads the Roads from Swell Wold, in the Parish of Lmver Parliament, and again to sell and dispose of the same Swell, in the County of Gloucester, to or near the Lands and Hereditaments, and any other Lands that Sixth Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from may be purchased under the same Act, or by virtue the Borough of Tewkesbury to the Town of Stow, in of this Act, and to invest the Purchase Monies arising the same County, and from the North-East End of therefrom either in the Public Funds, or upon Secu-The Swan Lane, in the Parish of Cheltenham, in the rities, or in the Purchase of other Lands and Heredi-same County, to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the Parish of Sedgeborough, in the County of Worcester; and from the Town of Winchcomb, in the said County of Gloucester, by a Place called Stamp 1 Cross, to or near the Tenth Mile Stone on the said

' Turnpike Road, leading from Tewkesbury to Sloro

aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

Ae*sle, An- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An a by, Sec. In- Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, insure and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or

Bill.

lE-Drainage

t'; U

''t.Cuthbert’s iclosure ill.

taments, to be conveyed to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act TempW* to subject and charge a competent Part of the settled Bill. Estates of James Tempter, Esquire, in the County of Devon, with a Sum of Money to be applied and disposed of for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act rawin’* Hamlets of Hessle, Anlaby, and Tranby, in the County for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and other He- Estale of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a reditaments, in the Counties of Berks and Bucks Compensation, in lieu of Tythe, for certain ancient (being the Estates devised and settled by the Will of inclosed Lands, within the said several Townships or Catherine Edwin, Spinster, deceased) in Trustees, to Hamlets, and also within the Township or Hamlet of be sold and conveyed to John Martindule, Esquire, Wooferton, otherwise Wolfrcton, in the same County; and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising without any Amendment: And also, by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hereditaments, to he more conveniently situate an Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tract of therein mentioned, to be settled to the same Uses as Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Men- the said settled Estates now stand settled by the said dip, lying within the Manors of East Harrington and Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of Chilcot, in the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, this House: And also,

Vol.47. qT The

18* Mail

A.\m.

Campbell’* Estate Bill.

Templer's Estate Bill read.

Churchill's Estate Bill read.

The Lords have passed a BIB, intituled, An Act Olebe belonging to the said Rectory, was read the Rwt for vesting those Parts of the Lands and -Estate of Time.

Blythswood, and others, which lie in the County of Lanerk, in Trustees, for the Purpose of selling or feuing the same, and for investing the Money amine by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands mid Estates, more commodious and contiguous to the

other and greater Part of the said Estate of Blythswood,

Resotoed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House & House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. adi'>nm-

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to OakBait which lies in the County of Renfrew, and for settling resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Importat*, and securing the Lands and Estates, so to be pur- the Bill for allowing the Importation of Quercitron Bilidefems _i j j ° ' "* or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall

chased, to, and in Favour of, the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Restrictions, Conditions, and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hunded and Thirty-nine, by Colin Campbell, of Blythswood, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

be under the Price mentioned in an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

posed of for the Purposes therein mentioned, read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An E(lw"'s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and other ^te to subject and charge a competent Part of the settled Hereditaments, in the Counties of Berks and Bucks Estates of James Templer, Esquire, in the County of (being the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Devon, with a Sum of Money, to be applied and dis- Catherine Edwin, Spinster, deceased, in Trustees, to ~ ’ was be sold and conveyed to John Esquire, and

his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be more conveniently situate as therein An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act mentioned, to be settled to the same Uses as the said to enable the Heir, or Heirs' at Law, of the surviving settled Estates now stand settled by the said Will, was Trustee of Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes read the First Time, of Chalfont Saint Peters and Iver, in the County of Bucks, purchased with Part of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third Year of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bill fort from the Committee of the whole House, to whom tending -

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the Bill for extending certain Acts therein mentioned ‘ain to sell and convey the same Lands and Hereditaments, to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Offor a Consideration to be paid into the Hands of the fleers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may &c. r«i" Trustees of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill, have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, in Ireia Esquire, deceased, and also to enable the said Trustees and residing in Ireland, was committed, the Amend- rtPorlti

Campbell's Estate Bill read.

to invest the said Purchase Money, and other the said Personal Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses, and with the Limitations, mentioned in the said Act of Parliament, and again to sell and dispose of the same Lands and Hereditaments, and any other Lands that may be purchased under the same Act, or by virtue of this Act, and to invest the Purchase Monies arising therefrom either in the Public Funds, or upon Securities, or in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were One read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking neport into further Consideration the Report from the Commit- Middle... tee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more Justlte" effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of"®^;

for vesting those Parts of the Lands and Estates of Peace in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie conil(|er.. Blythswood, and others, which lie in the County of La- in and near the Metropolis, was re-committed;

Hector of Prtitwich cum Oldbun Leases Bill read.

net'k, in Trustees, for the Purpose of selling or feuing the same, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates, more commodious and contiguous to the other and greater Part of the said Estate of Blythswood, which lies in the County of Renfrew, and for settling and securing the Lands and Estates so to be purchased, to, and in Favour of, the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Restrictions, Conditions, and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, by Colin Campbell, of Blythswood, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Prestwick cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Jckn°Smytk: }

fSir St. Clair]

50-

Tellers for the Noes,< Erskine,

(The Lord North: So it was resolved in the Affirmative. Then the main Question being put;

37

Ordered,

A

32 Geo. III. 18" — 21° Mail 807

Ordered, That the AtnendmMte, made by the Committee to the said Bill* be now tread a Second Time.

The said Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the Honse.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Justices, and Other Persons appointed by virtue of this Act, shall not vote or interfere in the Election of Members of Parliament, for certain Places.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leo’» d for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Darnel Leo, Esquire, and Letitia his Wife, and committed.1 MaryPtdeston, Widow, of several Estates in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Caernarvon, late the Estates of John Dame*, of Llanerth, Esquire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black' bume, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Man- Mancli ter Chester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second "MU[j g"*

Time. commuted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackbume, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to Committee sit. and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow tositTo-Moming. morrow-

[ton Road commit-

Luna, 21* die Maii;

Anno 32* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1792.

Prayirs.

A

BILL to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Buck-nail to Weston Coyney, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head, and from Buc/cnall to Weston Coyney, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambei

A Petition of the Right honourable George Earl of Petition in Mount Edgcumbe, and Sir John St. Aubyn, Baronet, favour of was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice u \Yater of the Bill for supplying the Town of Plymouth Dock, Bill, and the Parts adjacent, with Water; and Praying,

That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Letters from Copy of a Letter from the Mayor of Plymouth to tie Mayor the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 14th of May 1792, relative to to supplying the supplying the Town of Plymouth Dock, and the Plymouth Public Works, with Water. Dock, &c.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy dercdf of a Letter from Robert Famhawe, Esquire, Commissioner of the Navy at Plymouth, to the Principal Officers and Commissionere of His Majesty’s Navy, dated the 8th of May 1792, relative to the Bill, now pending, for supplying the Town of Plymouth Dock, and Parts adjacent, with Water.

’s

Bill , and

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Griffith, Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in the Parish of Kiddington, alias Cuddington, in the County of Chester, and in the Parishes of Llanvilling and Penant, in the County of Montgomery, in Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, as Mortgagee in Fee Simple, and for vesting the Equity of Redemption thereof in the said Thomas Griffith, and his Heirs, and for settling an

Estate of the said Thomas Griffith, in the Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had -given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Vol. 47.

An ingrossed Bill for the further Regulation of Parish Ap-Parish Apprentices, was read the Third Time. prentices Bill

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Passtt1-be, An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom BeerllarUom the Bill for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, Bill reported, in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the Rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Major

808

21° Mail A. 1792.

Vicar of Major Maitland reported from the Committee, to

Islington’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Leases Bill An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish passed^ ** Church of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Major Maitland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Pr. 44. 1. 22. Leave out " Justices," and insert " Justice," and in the same line leave out " they are," and insert " he is."

1. 24. Leave out " or their."

Pr. 45. 1. 4. Leave out in the Margin to the Form of Conviction, from " Dover" to the End thereof; and in Line 10 leave out from " " to " by"

in Line 15.

Pr. 46. 1. 9. Leave out " or the Mayor of the " Town and Port of ."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Honywood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Bill to empower the Justices for Middlesex to continue a Session of the Peace, See. presented.

Petition from Battersea, against l’enge In-closure Bill.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to continue a Session of the Peace, and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term and Sitting of the King’s Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of MiddlesexAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Parish of Battersea, in the County of Swrey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and all other Owners and Occupiers of Land in the Parish of Battersea, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common, and observe, by the said Bill, that it is intended to divide the said Common among only a few Persons having Land adjoining thereto, which will be injurious to all the other Owners and Occupiers of Land in the Manor and Parish of Battersea having a Right of Common: And therefore praying, That the said Common may not be inclosed and divided without considering the Petitioners Rights and Proportions of the said Common, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Lords

Amendments to Broad Stairs Harbour Bill agreed to.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing or re-building the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broad Stairs, in the Isle of in the County of Kent, and for the better preserving the said Harbour, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the said Harbour.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followed!; viz.

Pr. 43* I- 36

and

37

Leave out from " Do" to " either"

in Line 40.

The Lord Hood, from the Commissioners for executing Letter fa the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- the sen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order, of PIynant

Copy of a Letter from the Mayor of Plymouth to the gUppyi^ Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Ad- Plymoa miralty, dated 14th May 1792, relative to the supplying the Town of Plymouth Dock, and the Public Works, '"*3® with Water. prw

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred lo the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the Town of Plymouth Dock, and the Parts adjacent, with Water, is committed.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawkins Browne do make the Atcham, Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of Atcham, Wroxeter, Berrington,

Cund, Eaton Constantine, Kenley, Leighton,

and Upton Magna, and the Chapelry of Cressage, in the County of Salop, was committed.

Mr. Hawkins Browne accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, pursuant to Extracts', their Order, Letters, 4:

N° l. Extract of a Letter from Governor Phillip to from^" Mr. Secretary Grenville, dated Sydney, New South Wales,

1st March 1791: And also, New&c

N° 2. Extracts of a Letter from Governor Phillip to Wales, pr. Mr. Secretary Grenville, dated Sydney, New Sou sentei1,

4th March 1791: And also,

N° 3. Extract from the Return of Settlers in Governor Phillip's Dispatch of the 5th November, 1791: And

also,

N° 4. Extracts of a Letter from Governor to the Right honourable Lord Grenville, dated Sydney,

New South Wales, 5th November 1791; And also,

N° 5. A Paper, intituled, " Return of Land in Cultivation at Parramatta-,in Governor Phillip's, N* 1,

" of 5th November 1791."

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered,

32 Geo. III.

21° Mail.

809

Returns of Qualifications of Deputy Lieu-( tenants and ^Militia Office ers, presented.

’ft

/^ewknor In-.I closure Bill Massed.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill

His

lePij

Fobs

kk

ft ij ct *il

raft'

.bi

.K »

i.rC2

:te. i oa:s id-fclb to i bjlT

!mS'

sag'

m

jtjft

10

>C*

ii:-v

0,

itC-

.V 1

A

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Com- Report from mittee, who were appointed to enquire how far the Committee Laws for preventing illegal Insurances, and other Evils fo/pre^ent-which have been found to attend the Drawing of State ing illegal Lotteries, are effectual to the Object proposed by them; Insurances. That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and &c-00 I*"t' had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to tenes-them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together

to His Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: tt T-, - - -- - ..... ,r w. Report was read; and is as followeth;

Home Department, since those presented to the House Where the of Commons on the 25th Day of May 1791.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb, in the Manor and Parish of Lewknor, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

To leave out the Clause beginning in Pr. 30.1. 37. and ending in Pr. 31.1. 24. as follows:

" And be it further Enacted, That if any " Proprietor or Proprietors of Lands by " this Act intended to be inclosed, or of " any ancient Inclosures within the said " Divisions of Lewknor and Postcomb, shall " not think it for their Advantage to have " their Land or Lands exonerated from " Tythe or Tythes to which they are now " liable, and shall signify to the Warden " and College, and Vicar for the Time " being, by Writing under their Hands,

" within Three Calendar Months after " the said Commissioners shall have made their Valuation of Rents and their final Award, that they do not consent and agree to the aforesaid Commutation in lieu of Tythe or Tythes, then and in such Case the Land or Lands of such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not be charged with any of the Rent Charges

The Committee appointed to enquire how far the Laws for preventing illegal Insurances, and other Evils, which have been found to attend the Drawing of State Lotteries, are effectual to the Object proposed by them, have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matters to them referred: And,

Your Committee have thought that they should better execute the Commands of the House, by pointing their Examination to the Generality and Magnitude of the Evils occasioned by Lotteries, rather than by investigating the innumerable Distresses which the House must see are the necessary Consequences of the Evil itself. Your Committee are convinced that Lotteries were productive of Two general Evils: One, that of Public Offices, without Licence, openly selling Tickets, Shares, and Chances, and making illegal Insurances; the other, making illegal Insurances privately and clandestinely.

With respect to the First Evil, your Committee find, That since a Determination of the Court of King’s Bench, in Michaelmas Term last, it has been wholly eradicated.

And as to the Second, your Committee find, That by the Vigilance of the Magistrates in the Country it has been totally suppressed; but that in the Metropolis the Practice still prevails among the Community at large, but more particularly among the lower Classes of People, to a very extensive and pernicious Degree.

Not to tire the House with too long a Detail, your Committee have subjoined an Appendix, containing the full Evidence that was given before them; by which the Extension of the Evil, together with its Consequences, the Fraud and Violence with which it is carried on and supported, and the Conduct of the

The House divided. The Noes w’ent forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

or Payments in lieu of Tythe or Tythes, Magistrates, and that of the Stamp Office, will fully

~ appear.

Your Committee therefore, upon the Whole, are of Opinion, That as to the First Evil, the Laws have been fully effectual; and as to the latter, which your Committee consider as the most important, the Laws, within the Metropolis, have had little or no Effect.

but shall remain liable to Tythe or " Tythes in the same Manner they now

" are; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding."

And the Question being put, That the said Clause stand Part of the Bill;

Tellers for the Noes,

14.

46.

fThe Lord,

\Mr. Amyatt:

{Mr. Popham,

Mr.

So it passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the said Clause was cut out of the Bill at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Divisions of Lewknor and , in the

Manor and Parish of Lewknor, and for the Exchange of Lands and Estates within the respective Parishes of Lewknor and Adtocll, in the County of Oxford.

Vol. 47.

APPENDIX.

Mr. Thomas Wood being examined, informed your Committee, That he is the Inspector of the Lottery Offices, appointed by the Commissioners of the Stamp Office to report to them any illegal Practices which may be carrying on against the Lottery Acts — that he has been in that Situation nearly Three Years.

That there are Two Modes in which illegal and clandestine Insurances, which may be more properly called the Game of Betting, upon the Drawing of the State Lottery Tickets, is usually carried on.

That One Mode is in Houses or Rooms, which are taken and kept, many of them throughout the whole Year, for that Purpose — These Places are generally marked by a large Number upon the Windows, or a

9 U Green

810 21° 1792.

Illegal in- Green Curtain or Blind, and are cased with Oak quired the Assistance of all the Magistrates and their siirancesi, &e. pian|c> and plated with Iron — At the Door commonly Constables to apprehend them. — That Eighty-seven on ttenea. gtanc|g a Man with an Alarum Bell; and when any Persons were taken by -the Officers employed by the Person comes, whom he suspects of an Intention to Stamp Office.

interrupt them, he rings this Bell, and the Doors are That the Magistrates used very few if any Efforts then fastened, and the Persons escape over the Tops in their Districts, to suppress the Insurance Offices, of the Houses, or the Back Walls, or in such other though very willing to act in the Conviction of Offen-Matiner as they are able — That notwithstanding Doubts ders when brought before them; yet, instead of exert-had been entertained of the Legality of Search War- ing themselves, and sending People to Places of which rants to enter Houses under the Acts of 17th they had Information, they sent these Informations to

II. and 27th Geo. III. Warrants for the Purpose of the Stamp Office, and left to the Office the whole

searching Houses to discover Offenders against those Burthen of proceeding against them — That he had Acts had been entrusted to him by Magistrates; and been sent for by Magistrates in London to apprehend that acting under them he had entered by Force into Offenders in their own Wards, and never had any As-Kouses and Rooms barricadoed in the Manner before sistance from them — That he thinks, if the Magistrates described, and had discovered many Persons assembled would do their Duty by apprehending Offenders, and for the Purpose of taking illegal Insurances, most of binding the Witnesses by Recognizances to give their whom made their Escape by some of the Ways before Evidence at the Sessions, the Evil would not be eradi-mentioned — That in One Instance he apprehended cated, but that very little of it would remain — that Seven Persons, and carried them before the Magis- his Reason for thinking so is, that in Bath, in Bristol, trates, Two of whom were committed, and the rest and in Norwich, this Evil had made its Way; and the discharged for Want of legal Evidence of their Guilt Magistrates being well-disposed to put the Laws in — That the Persons whom he thus discovered were Force, but not knowing the Method of proceeding, sitting behind Oak Partitions, in which Holes were wrote to the Stamp Office for Information; and the cut to receive the Money, whilst their Persons were Commissioners in Consequence sent him to each of screened from being seen. the Places, and the Magistrates acting from his Informs-

That the other Mode of making clandestine In- tion completely suppressed the Evil, surances, or of betting upon Lottery Tickets, is thus That in some Cases, where Persons had been ap-

effected: Hundreds of People are sent every Day, as prehended, the Magistrates had thought proper to dis-

well from the licensed as unlicensed Offices, from House charge them, because in the Agreement stated to be to House, and from Public House to Public House, to made for the Insurance, Words had been omitted collect such Insurances or Bets, which some do to a very which they judged necessary to complete the Evi-large Amount, for which they in general receive a dence — That One Instance occurred to his Memory: Commission of Six or Seven per Cent. — That he had A Magistrate sent an Information to the Stamp Office, taken upon him to stop many of those People in the of an Insurance Office being close to his House; that Street, and had seized their Books, of which he now the Witness went, and apprehended the Person keep-has a great Number. — That in some Houses Persons ing the Office, and brought him before the same Ma-are provided with Bull Dogs, to attack those who gistrate, and proved an Insurance to have been made come to interrupt them, particularly in or near to with him; but because the Word "Ticket" was not Markets. — That the People in general take Part with mentioned in the Contract, as stated, the Magistrate the Office Keepers; and in poorer Neighbourhoods discharged him.

the Inhabitants are not inclined to detect these Offices, That the Magistrates refused to convict during the except they are to get a Reward, or have been very Drawing of the Irish Lottery, because Evidence was considerable Sufferers. not given that there was an Irish Lottery; and that

That he has Reason to believe there is a House in he found the Majority of the Magistrates disposed to Northumberland Street where most of the Insurers insist upon such Niceties — That lie knew of many Inmeet, and in which the Business carried on is of this stances of Offenders being taken before a Magistrate, Nature — Such Licensed Offices as make these Insurances and by him committed to in which at the

send the Persons thither, whom they have employed Sessions the Witnesses had not appeared to support to collect Insurances for them, to dispose of such In- the Commitment; nor could he find they had entered surances as exceed the Amount which they had proposed into any Recognizances to give their Evidence at the to insure — those poor Persons, who go about from Place Sessions — That in such Cases he had repeatedly ap-to Place to make Insurances on their own Account, and plied personally, by Order of the Solicitor of the having no Property are afraid to run the Risk of the Stamp Office, to the Magistrate, desiring that he Drawing, go to this House to have such Insurances would furnish him with the Names of the Witnesses, taken off their Hands, which is done at a certain Profit and the Evidence that was taken before him, that the to them. — That many of the latter Class, after they Commitment might be followed up by the Stamp have received from the Persons who take these In- Office; but that he never could get any satisfactory surances off their Hands the Money which ought to be Answer from him.

paid to such Adventurers as happen to be fortunate, That he believed about a Dozen Persons had been run away with this Money, to the Loss of the Adven- discharged in consequence of such Want of Evidence, in turer. — That he believes there are other Houses for the the Course of the last English and Irish Lotteries, same Purposes in other Parts of the Town. That where he had personally acted, every Informa-

That many Persons have been reduced to extreme tion had been attended to as much as possible; and Distress by the Premiums they have paid for clandes- every Witness employed and paid by the Stamp Office tine Insurances; and that in several Cases of Distress, had appeared at the Sessions to support the Conviction, which he instanced, he had caused the Money paid by with the Exception of Two or Three Instances only, the Sufferers to be returned to them, particularly in in which the Witnesses had been taken ill. the Case of One Woman, who had flung herself into That out of the several Persons he had apprehended the River. for illegal Insurances, he believed not more than Four

That in his Endeavours to apprehend Persons making were Principals — That these were now under Prosecu-Insurances in Houses or Rooms, the Resistance has tion by the Stamp Office; and the Offence of One of been such, that he has been obliged to take others with them was, for keeping an Office at a Public House; him, all armed with Pistols, and that they have been in that the Public House was called The Red Lion, at imminent Danger of their Lives. Islington; and he had applied to the Magistrates who

That the Offenders were so numerous, that it re- grant Licences for that District, and they had pro-

r, mised

Pa

ft.

51$

?*t*

H

it%

-di

i*t

‘"x

a*4

; fcv,

sent

Sea i Ida ed tat 001 tie £t faorj lOfiu e;thai n keep. JK Mi en tK

WisX

imo Jaxs 15 di i$4l wilt] i. I-2) 3jp

mn & or as

I D£-

fe

M"

icsc

fiiife

ic'

sis

tlCC5

isM

ipfc

JGtiSI

Iticfc

Ifflfst

W

[he1

Joes

jd

;e;«i'

.df

32 Geo. III. 21° 811

tnised him that they would not renew the Licence of the House at the next Licensing Day.

That there were fewer illegal Lottery Offices and Insurance Offices, during the Drawing of the Irish than the English Lottery.

That with respect to illegal Lottery Offices, by which he meant Offices for the Sale of illegal Shares or Chances — before he had been Three Days appointed Inspector, he seized One of the Clerks in the Office of Shergold and Co. as a Vagrant, and carried him before Mr. Alderman Clark, who took Two Days to consider the Case, and then discharged him, as not being within the Statute of 27 Geo. III.; after which the other Aldermen, until the present Lord Mayor came into Office, had declined to act in such Cases.

That the Decision of the Court of King’s Bench, in Michaelmas Term last, in the Case of the King against Oldman, had the Effect of totally suppressing these Offices for the Sale of illegal Shares and Chances; and that towards the Middle of the last English Lottery there was not One such Office in the whole Kingdom — Before that Decision, there had been about Twelve such Offices in London and Westminster, and many of them in the Country. That the Practice of making clandestine Insurances does not begin above a Day before the Drawing of the Lottery commences.

That he has no Salary annexed to his Office, but is paid as the Commissioners of the Stamp Office think he deserves.

Mr. Robert Sharman was next examined; who said, That he lived at N° 50, in Lombard Street — That he knew Insurances had been made in the last Lottery, where the Premium was against the Insurer, from Five to Twenty per Centum — He knew that the Practice of Insurance had been very general; and he thought never more so than in the late Lottery — In a great Line it was, he observed, carried on in great and respectable Houses, mostly unlicensed; but in a lower Degree, in obscure Shops and Rooms, where a Green Blind and a Number are put up, which is perfectly understood by the People; it was also carried on in Houses where no external Signs were shewn — He had seen Insurances done himself in some of the Houses above described, though not in many — The Insurances were made sometimes in Books, sometimes on Paper only — The Clerk took down the Numbers wished to be insured, and then received the Money — At some of the Places Duplicates ,of the Numbers were given, but hardly ever where the larger Sums were insured.

Mr. Sharman, on being asked as to the Amount of the Sums to be insured, observed, that between Three and Four hundred Pounds had been the highest, and Half a Guinea the lowest — That Four Pence or Five Pence was paid as the Premium for the Half Guinea on the First Day of Drawing, and that it regularly increased every Day. — He produced to your Committee a small Numerical Book, and said that the Use of it was to enter the Numbers as drawn every Day, and that without such a Book, Insurances (at least to any Extent) could not be carried on — That the small Book above mentioned, being more portable, was better adapted to the carrying on of illegal Insurances; and that they were the same as those carried about to Public Houses — Mr. Sharman then observed, that the Persons who take the Insurances carry the Accounts to the several Offices, and procure the highest Poundage they can, in order to cover those they have made — That many of the Inferior Offices very often closed without paying; and that he never knew so many in that Predicament as there were in the last Lottery — And finally, he observed, on being asked, Whether, and in what Degree, the Encrease of Insurance in the Course of the last English Lottery ought to be ascribed to the Prevention of the Sale of illegal Policies? That he did not believe there had been a single legal Insurance made during the whole Drawing of it.

Vol. 47.

Mr. John Copperthrvaite was next examined, who

said, That his Residence in general was at Walworth, in Surrey; but being bred in a Merchant’s Counting House, he was often employed by Tradesmen and others in the adjusting of difficult Accounts, and was in the Habits of frequenting Coffee Houses, and other Houses of public Resort, near the Royal Exchange, and in different Parts of London and Westminster, where he had an Opportunity of being a Witness to the Mode in which illegal Insurances were made — He stated that he had seen various Persons carrying Numerical Books from House to House, where, immediately on their Arrival, they withdrew into a private Room, followed by those who wished to insure; and he has seen the same Persons afterwards come out with the Ticket, or rather with the Duplicate, in their Hands; and that he had himself been applied to, to take a small Numerical Book round to Coffee Houses and Public Houses, for which he was to have a Per Cenlage — Two of the Persons who made this Application to him had regular Licences, the other he believes had not

Mr. James Hawkins being examined, said, That he is a Stationer in Wells Court, Queen Street, Cheap-side — That he was in the Habit of selling Numerical Books for the Lotteries; but the particular Purpose for which they were used he knew not — that there were Two Sorts, One of the largest, and one of the smaller Size — That his were of the same Species as that shewn to him, though the Size was smaller — That he supplied Lottery Office Keepers, and other Persons, indifferently, with these Books — he thought he sold about Eighty in the Course of the Year, small and large together — He observed the same People frequently bought both small and large.

Mr. Thomas Cooke being examined, said, That he is an Engraver and Printer, and lives in Little Britain — That he sold Numerical Books of Four different Sizes, indiscriminately to all Customers. — In Licensed Offices they were used for registering Tickets; but whether they would answer any other Purpose he could not tell — he knew the small Books were used by the Clerks attending the Drawing of the Lottery — he thought he sold, during the Drawing of the English and Irish Lotteries, about 350 of these Books — and that he printed about Fifty more for the English than for the Irish Lottery.

Mr. Garnet Terry being examined, said, That he is an Engraver and Bookseller, in That he had formerly sold Numerical Books, though he had quitted that Line of Business this last Year — he knew that these Numerical Books were used by the Clerks to the Lottery Offices, and by Deputy Insurers for taking Numbers in Private Houses, but more particularly in Public Houses and Coffee Houses — That for his Part he left off selling them, because it had brought latterly such a Vagabond Set to his House — While he continued in that Line of Business, he had Customers, as well during the Drawing the Irish as the English Lottery — That he sold in One Year about 300, the greater Part of which were of the Size of the One then shewn to him; but that he knew there were a smaller Size than that.

Mr. Benjamin Bunn being examined, said, That he is a Pawnbroker, and lives in — That he

had been in that Branch of Business many Years — that he served about 100 Customers Daily; but that during the Drawing of the English and Irish Lotteries (excepting in the last Week) his Number was increased to about 130 — he thought the English Lottery brought upon an Average more Customers than the Irish; and he observed, that the Jews, to whom he chiefly lent Money, were more addicted to Gaming, than any other Set of People — he also remarked, that many

Illegal Insurances, cvC on Lotteries

812 2r Mail. A. 1792.

Illegal in- of the People who dealt with him, declared it was for surances&c. purpose of procuring Money for Insurance; and on Lotteries, generajiy were with him between Seven and

Nine, in the Morning, and very late in the Evening — and he thought no greater Proof could be given of the Truth of what they said — He likewise mentioned, that the Sales in his Branch of Business during this Period were always very dead, and but few Things redeemed, in Proportion to what were at other Times.

Mr. William Windsor being examined, said, That he is a Pawnbroker, and lives in the Minories — and upon Mr. Bunn's Evidence being read to him, he confirmed the same in every Part.

Mr. John Beck Heather being examined, said, That he is a Pawnbroker, and lives in Long Acre, where he has carried on his Business these 25 Years — He said, be served Daily, on an Average, between Seventy and Eighty Customers; but that during the Drawing of the Lottery he generally had Thirty more each -Day, excepting as to the last Week of it, when he found but little Difference from his usual Business — With regard to his Sales, he scarcely took a Shilling a Day; and he believed One hundred Pounds would not answer the Loss he always sustained from the Drawing of the Lottery; he likewise observed, that not Half the usual Quantity of Things were redeemed at this Season.

Mr. William Parker being examined, said, That he is a Pawnbroker, and lives in Princes Street, Soho — That during the Drawing of the Lottery, he found no great Difference as to the Number of his Customers, but that his Sales were quite dead during that Time, nor did Persons redeem what they had pawned — that he has often remarked, that when People came into his Shop to pledge Goods, the whole Conversation was about Insurances.

Mr. John Salkeld being examined, said, He was a Pawnbroker — that he lives in Fleet Street, and has been in Business many Years. — During the Drawing of both the English and Lotteries, particularly the

English, he serves more Customers than at other Times, but that his Sales are dead, and very few redeem during that Period — that he has often heard People mention that they pawn their Goods for the Purpose of having Money to insure with.

William Rix, Esquire, Town Clerk of the City of London, attending according to Order, produced to the Committee Two Resolutions of the Court [of Common Council of the said City, of the 5th of April last; which are as follow:

" Resolved, That the Drawing of the State Lottery

" in the Guildhall of this City, is a great Interruption " to the Peace and Commerce of this Metropolis, " and renders the Attendance upon public Business in "the said Hall inconvenient and dangerous.

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Court, " That the State Lottery ought not in future to be " drawn in the Guildhall of this City."

Ebenezer Maitland, Esquire, Foreman of the Grand Jury of the City of London, attending the Committee, said, That the Reasons which induced the Grand Jury of London to call the Attention of the Court at the Old Bailey to the Practice which so much prevails of making illegal Insurances, were, that the Practice is so notorious, that the Jury in their individual Capacities were acquainted with many Instances of Evil having arisen from it; and the Evidence of the Witnesses examined in Support of the Prosecution of many of the Prisoners being of such a Nature as to satisfy them, that Insurance of Numbers in the last Lottery was the Cause of their committing the Crimes which brought them before the Jury.

Henry Barford, Esquire, Foreman of the Grand Jury

for the County of Middlesex, being examined, confirmed the Whole of the Evidence of Mr. Maitland.

Mr. John Harwood, Governor of Clerkenwell Bridewell, attending according to Order, produced to the Committee an Account of the Number of Persons committed to the House of Correction as Rogues and Vagabonds, for unlawfully insuring Lottery Tickets, as follows:

In the Year 1788 - - - 28 Persons were committed.

1789 - - - 39

1790 ---46

1791 - - - 18

1792 - - - 29

And being examined, he said, That the Persons committed appear to live very well, most Part of them dining with the Turnkey, and paying for Beds.

Mr. Alexander Fenwick, Keeper of Tothill Fields Bridewell, attending according to Order, produced to the Committee an Account of the Vagrants committed to Tothill Fields Bridewell, for unlawful insuring in the Lotteries, from April 1787 to \April 1792, as follows:

In 1787 - - - 4

1788 - - - 14

1789 ---18

1790 - - - 10

1791 ----6

1792 - - - 8

And being examined, said. That the Persons committed appear to live well — dining with the Turnkey, and most of them able to pay for their Beds.

Thomas Underhill, Deputy to Mr. Thomas Holt, Porter of Bridewell, in the City of London, produced to

the Committee an Account of the Number of Lottery Vagrants confined in Bridewell, in the City of London, from the 12th March 1787 to the present Time, as follows:

In 1787 7

1788 - - - 12

1789 - - - 9

1790 - - - 2

1791 - - - 21

1792 9

And being examined, he said, The Persons committed in general appear to live tolerably well.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon instruct® the 7th Day of this Instant May, " That it be an ‘uGente " Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to fPP°mte<|l!

1 1 r , bring m h

prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Reso- forabolist* " iutions which, upon the 1st Day of this Instant May, the slave " were reported from the Committee of the whole Trade, d» " House, to whom it was referred to consider of Mea- c arjed*

" sures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade " carried on by British Subjects for the Purpose of " procuring Slaves from Africa, and which, upon the " 1 st and 2d Days of this Instant May, were agreed " to by the House, That they do make Provision " therein pursuant to the Resolution which, upon the " said 7th Day of this Instant May, was reported from " the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was " referred to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons " of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves " from the Coast of Africa, and was then agreed to by " the House,’’ might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon the said 7th Day of this Instant May, " That it " be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they

" do

32 Geo. III. 21°

813

" do make Provision in the said Bill for regulating " the carrying and transporting of Slaves from the " Coast of Africa, during a Time to be limited," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

s Bill for regulating the

-s shipping of Slaves ordered.

Instruction v respecting Bounties to Masters and Surgeons of r,- Slave Ships.

Por-ed to i lot-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: And that Sir William Dolben and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved. That the Resolution which upon the 7th Day of this Instant May was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as folio weth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds " be allowed to each Master, and Fifty Pounds to " each Surgeon, of every Ship employed in conveying " Slaves from the Coast of Africa, upon Proof being " made, that not more than Two Slaves, in each Hundred that shall have been taken on board such Ships, " have died; and of Fifty Pounds to each Master, " and Twenty-five Pounds to each Surgeon, where " not more than Three Slaves in each Hundred have " died within a certain Period."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein, pursuant to the said Resolution.

mu' _

1 " Committee on Oak Bark Importation Bill.

:rd

i: £'

in]

iefc

ie ft1

rife' e b

'lf.1 Bill for Relief of the Coast vTrade com-W mitted.

iJj*

11 it«

lc-

1I?$

jj*

IB?

ilia®

[»ti

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Quercitron or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called the Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Com and Grain brought Coastwise to be trans-shipped into Lighters, for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from Grangemouth to Glasg was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

V01. 47.

Jj

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.*

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Proclamation, dated at the Queen’s House, this 21st Day of May 1792.

And the said Proclamation was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

By the KING,

A Proclamation.

GEORGE R.

Whereas divers wicked and seditious Writings have been printed, published, and industriously dispersed, tending to excite Tumult and Disorder, by endeavouring to raise groundless Jealousies and Discontents in the Minds of Our faithful and loving Subjects, respecting the Laws and happy Constitution of Government, Civil and Religious, established in this Kingdom, and endeavouring to vilify and bring into Contempt the wise and wholesome Provisions made at the Time of the glorious Resolution, and since strengthened and confirmed by subsequent Laws, for the Preservation and Security of the Rights and Liberties of Our faithful and loving Subjects: And whereas divers Writings have also been printed, published, and industriously dispersed, recommending the said wicked and seditious Publications to the Attention of all Our faithful and loving Subjects: And whereas We have also Reason to believe, that Correspondencies have been entered into with sundry Persons in Foreign Parts, with a View to forward the criminal and wicked Purposes above mentioned: And whereas the Wealth, Happiness, and Prosperity of this Kingdom do, under Divine Providence, chiefly defend upon a due Submission to the Laws, a just Confidence in the Integrity and Wisdom of Parliament, and a Continuance of that zealous Attachment to the Government and Constitution of the Kingdom, which has ever prevailed in the Minds of the People thereof: And whereas there is nothing which We so earnestly desire, as to secure the Public Peace and Prosperity, and to preserve to all Our loving Subjects the full Enjoyment of their Rights and Liberties, both Religious and Civil; Wre therefore being resolved, as far as in Us lies, to repress the wicked and seditious Practices aforesaid, and to deter all Persons from following so pernicious an Example, have thought fit, by the Advice of Our Privy Council, to issue this Our Royal Proclamation, solemnly warning all Our loving Subjects, as they tender their own Happiness, and that of their Posterity, to guard against all such Attempts, which aim at the Subversion of all regular Government within this Kingdom, and which are inconsistent with the Peace and Order of Society; and earnestly exhorting them at all Times, and to the utmost of their Power, to avoid and discourage all Proceedings tending to produce Riots and Tumults; and We do strictly charge and command all Our Magistrates, in and throughout Our Kingdom of Great Britain, that they do make diligent Enquiry, in order to discover the Authors and Printers of such wicked and seditious Writings as aforesaid; and all others who shall disperse the same: And We do further charge and command all our Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Chief Magistrates in our Cities, Boroughs, and Corporations, and all other Our Officers and Magistrates throughout Our Kingdom of Great Britain, that they do, in their several and respective Stations, take the most immediate and effectual Care to suppress anil

g X prevent

Bill to continue Acts for regulating the shipping of Slaves presented.

Copy of Proclamation presented.

814 21° — 22° Mali. A. 1792.

prevent all Riots, Tumults, and other Disorders which may be attempted to be raised or made, by any Person or Persons; which, on whatever Pretext they may be grounded, are not only contrary to Law, but dangerous to the most important Interests of this Kingdom: And We do further require and command all and every Our Magistrates aforesaid, that they do, from Time to Time, transmit to One of Our principal Secretaries of State, due and full Information of such Persons as shall be found offending as aforesaid, or in any Degree aiding or abetting the rein; it being Our Determination, for the Preservation of the Peace and Happiness of Our faithful and loving Subjects, to carry the Laws vigorously into Execution against such Offenders as aforesaid. Given at our Court at the Queen’s House, the Twenty-first Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, in the Thirty-second Year of our Reign.

God Save the KING.

Ordered, That the said Proclamation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Proclamation be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Copy of a Letter from Robert Esquire,

Commissioner of the Navy at Plymouth, to the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, dated the 8th of May 1792, relative to the Bill, now pending, for supplying the Town of Plymouth Dock, and Parts adjacent, with Water.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the Town of Plymouth Dock, and the Parts adjacent, with Water, is committed.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Constefc Committee, who were appointed to take into Conside- of Repoit ration the Standing Orders of the House respecting Bills for making Navigable Canals, and to report their Sp«ctioc NV Opinion thereupon to the House, be taken into further vigatiotBilii. Consideration upon Thursday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Address for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Information humbly praying His Majesty to give Directions that there

respecting / r j o# %> j o #

the Riots at he laid before this House, an Account of such Information Birmingham, as has been laid before His Majesty’s Ministers concerning the Conduct of the Magistrates of the County of Warwick, as far as the same had any Relation to the Riots at Birmingham in July 1791, or the Trials of the Rioters; and also, of such Measures as have been taken by His Majesty’s Ministers for the Purpose of proceeding, according to Law, against such Magistrates as may have appeared to have neglected their Duty; and also, that His Majesty will be further pleased to order an Account to be laid before this House, of any Intelligence that may have been received by His Majesty’s Ministers, relative to such of the Authors and Instigators of the said Riots as have not already been prosecuted according to Law;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Whitbread, 1

Tellers for the Yeas,-! Sir James St. Clair > 46.

[ Erskine: J

Tellers for the Noes, .

So it passed in the Negative,

]i89.

Report on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Sugar re- the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred. to w*10m the Bill for regulating the Exportation of Sugar, and allowing the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Middlesex Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third deferred ^ea<^'n8 the Bill, now ingrossed, for the more effec-

e erre ’ tual Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace

in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Letter re-

laiive to the The House being informed that Mr. Walker, from Blvin0rpT-’ Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called mouth Dock, m» an<3> at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant fcc.withWa- to their Order,

ter,p resented#

Marlis, 22* die Mali;

Anno 320 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, Amende, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Appfc Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain of an ><! " Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter ditionalS; " of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction " of the National Debt," and to provide for the Ap- Debt, pi plication of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the for Thru said Debt in case of future Loans. Montti:'

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz. *

Pr. 5. 1. 14. After "to" insert " the Day on which " the Act or Acts of Parliament by " which."

1. 15. After "Loan" insert "shall be crea ted, shall have received the Royal " Assent."

Pr. 7- 1- 33- After " the" insert " Speaker of " the."

I.34.I After "Fourteen" leave out "sit-& J- " ting;" and in the same line,

35J after "any" leave out to " for"

in Line 38, and instead thereof insert "Act of Parliament"

L 39. After "aforesaid," insert "shall have " received the Royal Assent"

Pr. 8. 1. 27. After "the" insert "said."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill to Am render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, additionil " An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners Sum to " at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by Reduction 0: " them applied to the Reduction of the National " Debt," and to direct the Application of an addi- or Je[ii tional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward Janies Eliot, the Earl of Mornington,

the

the Lord Bayham, Mr. Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rote, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Medw*y Na- Mr. Bloxam reported from the Committee, to whom vigation Bill the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River reported, Medway, from the Town of Maidstone through the seve-

mitted"COm* ra* E®"8*1®* of Maidstone, Baxley, Allington, and -ford, in the County of , was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River under their

Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone though the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Bill to em- A Bill to empower the Justices of the Peace for the power the County of Middlesex, to continue a Session of the Peace, Justices for and Qf Oyer and Terminer, begun to be holden before

ml!* »» to the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King’s continue a . , ,. ® P

Session of the Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening

Peace, &c. of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court committed. of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hastings. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 47.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Templer* to subject and charge a competent Part of the settled Estate Estates of James Templer, Esquire, in the County of 0 Devon, with a Sum of Money to be applied and disposed of for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Templer, Sir William Lemon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rector of to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church Pre,t'^l1 of Prestwick cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the committed. Glebe belonging to the said Rectory, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Templer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rosolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to continue Acts lor regulating the shipping oi' Slaves, committed.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, stoke Chapel to whom the Bill for re-building the Chapel and en- Bill reported, larging the Chapel Yard of Lane End, within the Parish of Slake upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, w«^ committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendmends were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A-Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pcpys and The Lord* Mr. Ord: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carmarthen for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for Gaol and the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for &c*

supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the 1 Liberties thereof, with Water, and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes,

Ways, Roads, and public Passages, and for widening and making the same more commodious, and removing

O t ' O

and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Trevethin Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or and Newport Canal from, or from some Place near, Canal Bl1'

into the River Usk, at or near the Town of Newport, and a Collateral Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farm, to, or near to,

Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from such Cuts or Canals, to several Iron Works and

Mines,

22° Mali.

A. 1792.

Mold Insure Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords have passed

Earl of Radnor's Estate BiH.

Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Estate Bill An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act committed. *° enable the Heir, or Heirs at Law, of the surviving Trustee of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Chalfont Saint Peters and Iver, in the County of Bucks, purchased with Part of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to sell and convey the same Lands and Hereditaments, for a Consideration to be paid into the Hands of the Trustees of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased; and also, to enable the said Trustees to invest the said Purchase Money, and other the said Personal Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses, and with the Limitations, mentioned in the said Act of Parliament, and again to sell and dispose of the same Lands and Hereditaments, and any other Lands that may be purchased under the same Act, or by virtue of this Act, and to invest the Purchase Monies arising therefrom either in the Public Funds, or upon Securities, or in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hoghlon, the Marquis of Titchfield, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

CampbelEs Estate Bill committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting those Parts of the Lands and Estate of Blytliswood, and others, which lie in the County of La~ Jierlc, in Trustees, for the Purpose of selling or feuing the same, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates, more commodious and contiguous to the other and greater Part of the said Estate of Blytliswood, which lies in the County of Renfrew, and for settling and securing the

Lands and Estates, so to be purchased, to, and in Favour of, the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Restrictions, Conditions, and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, by Colin Campbell, of deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major Maitland, Mr. Anstrutlicr, &c: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commits to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lor upon the Bill for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Docu-

ments from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise to be transshipped into Lighters for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from Grangemouth to Glasgow, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Oaklkrk from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Impomr the Bill for allowing the Importation of Quercitron or Billrrpot:; Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty; and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy East ludb of a Letter from the Nabob of Arcot to Lord -wallis, dated 5th February, and of his Lordship’s Reply, dated 26th February 1787, relative to Tanjore. ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a separate Letter from the Court of Directors, in their Political Department, to the Governor and Council of Madras, dated the 19th of May 1790.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Paragraphs 78 to 88, 90 to 95, and 100 and 101, of the Letter from the Governor and Council of Madras, in their Political Department, to the Court of Directors, dated the 16th of January 1792.

Manchester Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, vndef L^e *° w^om Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Canal Bill re- Manchester to or near Ash ton under Lyne and Oldham, ported. in the County Palatine of ,was committed.;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EatMlut for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments, of which ror’skut Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees, Bl11 rrti' to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise there-

e, from

817

ISl

I 32 Geo. III.

22° Man.

a»i -a

!fe>.

‘"Jii

a?t>

Bill to direct the Application of an additional Sum to Reduction of National Debt, presented.

I’ W

;:4Bill to ex-;/r-.. empt Letters of Agreements as to ?! Merchan-:i£ (V, dize, &c. from Stump Duty, ordered.

l-e Cor.

ifje ^redirected i rat

.MO

from in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End " of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied " to the Reduction of the National Debt," and to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " several additional and new Duties upon Stamped " Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and also, for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt any Letter or Letters, passing between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce in the Kingdom, containing an Agreement with respect to Merchandize or Bills of Exchange, from the Stamp Duty now imposed on written Agreements: And that IVIr. Attorney General and Mr. Alderman Watson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sugar Bill reported,

T, tO r.an(j again re.

to ^committed

mr.

iriiit

Life

L7 I ml

i'm

£c id? nil i-c efed rti It thrsf d f

j ajs

diitS-

onsidered.

'oust !f Loni^ lip': fc rt

0 1

ill'.

oi. J*

tic*

It#

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Exportation of Sugar, and allowing the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made some further Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Report be now received.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word "now" stand part of the Question;

V o l. 47.

I-'

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {£; Ung:

Tellers for the Noes, (Mr.

’ (Mr. Grey:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report-in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 2. 1. 2. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 2. 1. 2. which was to fill the Blank with " Sixty Shillings," being read a Second Time, it was proposed to disagree with the Committee in the said Amendment, in Order to fill the Blank with the Words " Fifty-five Shillings."

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f£%v,h . } 63.

{Sir James Sanderson, 1 Mr. Alderman Wat- V 32. son: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Second Amendment in Fo. 3. 1. 1. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment in Fo. 3. 1. l. which was after " directed," to insert " and the Bounty now " payable, or which may hereafter be payable, on " the Exportation from this Kingdom of Refined Sugar, produced from Muscovado Sugar, imported " from His Majesty’s Plantations in America, shall " cease to be allowed and paid on any such Refined " Sugar which shall be exported thenceforth after the " End of Twenty-nine Days from the Port of London,

" and after the End of Thirty-one Days from any " other Port in that Part of Great Britain called England, and after the End of Thirty-three Days from " any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

" respectively, until the Thirtieth, Thirty-second, and " Thirty-fourth Days respectively, after new Average " Prices shall have been made up and computed upon " the Six last Weekly Returns, and notified in The " London Gazette, in Manner herein directed," being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words "Twenty-nine Days," and inserting the Words " Two Months," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Twenty-nine Days" stand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } «'

Tellers for the Noes, Burdon’ } l6‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

9 Y The

818

22 — 23° Maii.

A. 1792.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty s Ships, and residing in Ireland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, and residing in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whitehaven A Bill for further enlarging and improving the Har-

Harbour Bill fj0ur anc[ port of Whitehaven, in the County of -

committed. , j e j rr-

land, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gar-

forth, Mr. Senkouse, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

Bill for extending certain Acts to Petty Officers and Seamen, &c. residing in Ireland, passed.

Scotch Burghs Bill deferred.

Middlesex Justices Bill deferred.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating the Mode of Accounting for the Common Good and Revenues of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis, be read the Third Time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,23° die Maii; Anno 32* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

Prayeu s.

ORDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

An ingrossed Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Manchesa Manchester to or near Ashton under and Oldham, an(l Asllt,(i in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time. passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making a Harbour in the Cove BeerM of Beer, in the County of De, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and certain other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery and; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, called Hexhamshire and Allendale Common, and also certain Town Fields within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for stinting the Depasturing of the other Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Waste Land; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Teem and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stathern, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and belonging to the Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act of th^ Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and

" widening

The Lore? have agrt: to

MontgoE ftc. Poor Bill.

Hexham

Aliened

Inclosur:

Bill.

Farringl and Burt Road BJ

Stathern I closure ft:

Tewkeiburj

Poor Bill.

Berwick Roads, ic. Bill.

1

9*

iy

rjo

b

m

32 Geo. III.

23° Mail,

819

t-C

tili

Bury Saint Edmunds

tr.ei*

tel,

Kik

for, t

to the

widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Walls,

" to Comptons Lanes and Ey mouth, and from the " Town of Ecctes to and from

" Muir, to Comptons Lanes, in the County of " wick;" and for repairing, widening, and amending several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour, in the said County of Berwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading Road Bill from t*ie Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, to and through the Town of in

the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Lynn, through the Parish of Cranwich, in the said County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

Portsea Pav- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An "’g* *c- Act for the better paving, cleansing, widening, and regulating the Streets, Courts, Roads, Lanes, Ways, Rows, Alleys, and public Passages and Places, within the Town of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, within the said Town; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and improving the Canal called Tattcrshall Canal, from the River to the Town

of Tattcrshall, and extending the same into the River

Ilorncastle

Navigation

Bill.

making the said River into the

Ba'm

Navigable

id Mr.

.hi:

Ffc: b

p*b

ti-ii

lib

u-

rt. 'i

! IE*

iii*;# id 12 ife:

)S?

m

(0

Kinghorn and Brunt-island Harbour Bill.

lilfe

I in 3 t:

ed, i

oi 6

i:U life

Bain, and for from thence to or into the Town of all in

the County of Lincoln; and also for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the said River and the Fosdike Canal,

through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

Westerham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Road Bill. Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham in the Parish of Westerham,

in the County of Kent, through the Village of field, to the Village of , over Botley Worms

Heath, and Wallingliam Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by the Passages or Ferries cross the of Forth, between

Leith and Newhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland, in the County of Fife, and for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places more commodious; without any Amendment: And also, Sleaford Na- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An vigation Bill, Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Amendment. Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of

ford, in the County of Lincoln, along the Course of Sleaf ord Mill Stream, and Kyme to the River Witham, at or near Chappel in the same County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N* t. Copy of a Letter from the Nabob of Arcot to Vol. 47.

Mr. Hast-

ings’s Trial.

East India Papers relative to Tanjore, &c. presented.

Lord Cornwallis, dated 5th February, and his Lordship’s Reply, dated 26th February 1787, relative to Tanjore: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a separate Letter from the Court of Directors, in their Political Department, to the Governor and Council of Madras, dated the 19th of May 1790: And also,

N° 3. Copy of Paragraphs 78 to 88, 90 to 95, and 100 and 101, of the Letter from the Governor and Council of Madras, in their Political Department, to the Court of Directors, dated the 16th of January 1792.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Basford In-Open Fields, Meadows, Forest Commons, and Waste c*l,s"re bill Lands, within the Parish of Basford, in the County of lwsie Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Forest Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Basford, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Gaily Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in Stone and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stone p°s^et) 1 to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Sunion, on Meir Heath, and from Mto Trentham, and from thence to Stablej'ord, in the County of Stafford, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and for repairing and improving the Road from a Place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to in

the said County of Stafford, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Road betw een Leek and on

Meir Heath, and from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stablej'ord, in the County of Stafford, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and for repairing and improving the Road from a Place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Eccleshall, in the said County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Captain Gardner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Chapel, and Stoke Chapel enlarging the Chapel Yard, of Lane End, within the Bill passed. Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for re-building the Chapel, and enlarging the Chapel Yard, of Lane End, within the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Captain Gardner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Amendment An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of a<Tree(j to Mold, in the County of Flint.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 23. After" defrayed" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted, That " the said Commissioners, or any " Three of them, shall, previous

" to

820

Edwin’s Estate Bill committed.

Atcham, Wroxeter, &c. Poor Bill read the Third Time.

23® Mail,

to the making of such Survey, direct proper Meer Stones, or other durable Land Marks, to be fixed in such Places as the same Commissioners shall think proper, in order to ascertain and perpetuate the Limits of the said Commons and Waste Lands so intended to be inclosed, and to prevent any Disputes concerning such Limits, or the Mines and Minerals under the said Commons and Waste Lands, in case the Walls or Fences at present adjoining thereto should be hereafter taken down and removed; and the Copies " of the Map or Plan hereinbefore

" directed to be made and delivered to the said Thomas Suymmer Champneys Lord Da-

" ere, Grace Trevor

" cawen, and John their

" Heirs or Assigns, shall specify " and distinguish therein such Meer " Stones and Land Marks as aforesaid, and such Copies of the said " Map or Plan shall from Time to " Time, and at all limes here-" after, be admitted and allowed " upon all Occasions whatsoever

A. 1792.

it

it

U

it

County6lk of the PeaCC am°ngSt the Record8 of the

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

A"°ther ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that if the Expenditure shall exceed a certain Sum, the Act shall cease, after the Time therein mentioned; and for making certain Provisions in that Case.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the said Clause;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon,

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of the Treaty of Peace between the Empress of Russia and The Ottoman Porte, signed at the 29th December 1791; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth; viz.

TRANSLATION of the Treaty of Peace between the Empress of Russia and The Ottoman Porte, signed at Yassi, the 29th December,

Debate on

Amending

adjourned.

Treaty between Rum and The Porte pr;. sented.

1791’

In the Name of Almighty God.

Her Imperial Majesty, the most high and most

" as legal Evidence.’’

And the House being informed, that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendment made by the Lords, and gave their Consent

to the said Alteration; puissant Empress and Autocratrix of all" the Russias,

said Amendment was read a Seco"d Time MjP the most high and most puissant Ot-

and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by intending sincerely and mutually to

the House. E,ld tQ the War which has continued to this

Ordered, That Mr. JVigleydo carry the Bill to the P between their respective Empires, and to re-Lords,-and acquaint them, that this H°use hath agreed: Friendship, and good Harmony upon

to the Amendment made by their Lordships. soIid Foundation, have thought fit to confide this

good and salutary Work to the Care and Direction of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tj}ejr supreme Plenipotentiaries; namely, on the Part for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and other Here- q£ her Imperial Majesty of all the Russiasy the most ditaments, in the Counties of Bei'ks and Bucks (being illustrious and most excellent Lord Alexander Count the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Catherine Bcsborodko, her actual Privy Councillor and Knight of Edwin, Spinster, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold her Orders; and on that of his Majesty the Ottoman and conveyed to John Martindale, Esquire, and his Emperor, the most illustrious and most excellent Lord Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising by such Pacha, Grand Vizir of the Sublime Ottoman

Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Heredita- to the End that the said Work of Pacification

ments, to be more conveniently situate as therein men- may be completed by Persons respectively chosen, tioned, to be settled to the same Uses as the said namecj> and invested with the necessary full Powers for settled Estates now stand settled by the said Will, was stipulating, concluding, and signing the present Treaty read a Second Time. of peace. In consequence whereof there are chosen,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry named> and invested with full Powers, to wit, on the Hobart, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this part the £mpire of all the Russias, the most excel-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers lent and most honourable Alexander de Samoiloff, Lieu-Chamber. tenant General of her Imperial Majesty's Armies, her

actual Chamberlain, Director of the Chancery of her An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Em- Supreme Council, and Knight of different Orders, -ployment of the Poor within the several Parishes of de Ribas, Major General of the Armies, Com-

Atcharn, Wroxeter, Bcrrington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, mander of the Galley Fleet, and Knight of different Kenley, Leighton, Uffington, and Upton Magna, and the Orders, and Serge de Lascaroff, Councillor of State and Chapelry of Cressage, in the County of Salop, was read Knight; and on the Part of the Sublime Ottoman Porte,

the Third Time. the most excellent and most honourable the Reis Ef-

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the fendi, Abdallah Birri, the Ordu Cadissi called

Bill, by Way of Ryder, that no larger Sum of Money Stambol Effendi, Seid Ibrahim Ismet Bei, and the Rous-shall be levied in One Year than what has been raised namadzii Ewel, Mahomet Durri, Effendi: who having ""the Average of Three Years. met at Yam, have stipulated and agreed lo the

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the ing Articles, for establishing a perpetual Peace between

SM &hy80?^re H°USe' ,0 be the Tw° £m»ires; " under: P P

Article I.

All Acts of Hostility shall cease from this time and for ever, between her Majesty the Empress and So"

reign

~ , . —: ’ ? J U1 Avyuer.

JmI'TI01";" ?ffered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that a Cony of the

Account of Receipts and Expenditure shall belled by

Googh

32 Geo. III. 23° Maii. 821

reign of all the Russias, and his Imperial Majesty the Grand Signior, their Heirs and Successors to the Thrones, as well as between their Empires and Subjects; as also all Enmity, which shall be buried in eternal Oblivion; and there shall be from henceforth a perpetual Peace by Land and Sea; a constant Friendship and unalterable Harmony shall be re-established, and maintained with the most sincere, attentive, and strict Observance of the Articles of the Treaty of Peace now stipulated; so that neither of the Two Parties shall hereafter attempt against the other, either secretly or openly, any unfriendly Act or Proceeding; and in virtue of the Renewal of so sincere a Friendship, the Two contracting Parties grant a reciprocal Amnesty and general Pardon to all those of their Subjects, without any Distinction, who have committed any Crime against either of the Two Parties, setting at Liberty those who are in the Gallies or in Prison, permitting all Persons in Exile, or banished, to return to their Homes, with Promise to restore to them, after the Peace, all the Honours and Estates which they before possessed, without committing or suffering others, with Impunity, to commit against them any Insult, Damage, or Offence, under any Pretext whatever} but that each of them may live under the safeguard and Protection of the Laws and Customs of his Country equally with his Countrymen.

Article II.

The Treaty of Peace concluded the 10th of July 1774, in the Year of the Hegira 1188, the 14th of the Moon Zemaxiel Evvel; the Explanatory Convention of the 10th of March 1779, that is to say, the 20th of Zcmaziel Ahir 1193; the Treaty of Commerce of the 10th of June 1783, that is to say, the 20th 1197; and the Act touching the Incorporation of the Crimea and Taman to the Empire of Russia, which declares the River of Cuban to be the Frontier, concluded the 28th December 1783, that is to say, the 15th Safer 1198, are confirmed, by this new Treaty of Peace, in all their Articles, excepting only those which have been by the present or by former Treaties successively changed; and the Two high contracting Parties engage to observe them religiously and unalterably, and to fulfil them with good Faith and Punctuality.

Article III.

In consequence of the Second Article of the Preliminaries, declaring that in future the Dniester shall be the Boundary between the Two Empires, so that from henceforth the Frontiers of the Empire of Russia shall extend to that River; the Two contracting Parties have agreed with each other, and ordain by these Presents, that the River Dniester shall constitute the Frontier for ever between the Empire of Russia and the Sublime

Porte; so that the whole Territory situated on the left Shore of the Dniester, shall remain in Perpetuity under

the full and incontestable Dominion of the Empire of

Russia; an<4 the whole Territory situated on the right Shore of the said River, shall be restored and remain in Perpetuity, under the full and incontestable Dominion of the Sublime Porte.

Article IV.

In consequence of this Regulation fixed, touching the Limits of the Two Empires, and in virtue of the Fourth Article of the Preliminaries, declaring that all the other Frontiers shall remain the same as they were at the Commencement of the present War, and that the Countries occupied by the Troops of the Empire of Russia during this War, shall be restored to the Sublime Porte, with all the Fortresses therein, and in the State in which those Fortresses now are; her Imperial Majesty restores to the Sublime Porte, Bessarabia, conquered by her Armies, with the Fortresses of

Akierman, Kilia, and Ismail, and with the Burghs, Villages, Habitations, and every Thing included in that Province.

Vol. 47.

In like Manner her Imperial Majesty restores the Treaty Province of Moldavia, with all the Towns, Habita- betweea tions, and every Thing included in it, and the Sublime ®J^Spo^d Ottoman Porte receives them on the following Condi- r tions, under a solemn Promise of perfectly observing the m.

1. To observe and accomplish religiously every Thing that was stipulated in Favour of the Two Provinces of JVallachia and Moldavia, in the Treaty concluded in 1774, that is to say, in the Year of the Hegira 1188, the 14th of the Moon Zemaziel Evvel-, in the explanatory Convention concluded in 1779, that is to say, the 20th of Zemaziel Ahir 1193; in the Act of the 28th December 1783, or the 15th of the Moon Suffer 1198, signed by the Grand Vizir in the Name of the Sublime Ottoman Porte.

2. Not to demand or exact from those Countries any Payment for old Accounts, of what Nature soever.

3. Not to exact from those Countries any Contribution or Payment in the whole Period of the War; but in Consideration of the great Variety of Losses and Devastations which they have sustained during the Course of this War, to exempt them from all Imposts and Charges for Two Years, to be computed from the Date of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty.

4. To grant to the Families who shall desire to quit their Country and remove elsewhere, free Egress with all their Property; and, in order that the said Families may have sufficient Time to give to their near Relations,

Subjects of the Ottoman Empire, or to whomsoever they may think proper, equally Subjects of the Ottoman Empire, and to sell their moveable and immoveable Property to Subjects of the same Empire, according to the Laws of the Country, and for the Settlement of their Affairs, the Term of Fourteen Months is granted to them for such Emigration from their Country, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty.

Article V.

In Testimony of the Sincerity with which the Two high contracting Parties seek to re-establish Peace and good Harmony with each other, not only for the present, but also to secure it in a lasting Manner for the future, by removing every Thing which might hereafter give the slightest Pretext for Dispute or Coolness; the Sublime Porte promises, in renewing at present the Firman formerly issued, to send Orders to the Pacha of Ahaltzik or Ahiska, commanding the Frontiers, and others, forbidding them, most strictly, to disturb or molest hereafter, under any Pretext, either secretly or openly, the Countries and Inhabitants which are under the Government of the Czar of Cartalinia, expressly enjoining them not to disturb the good Harmony and good Neighbourhood in any Part

Article VI.

Having confirmed, by the 11th Article of the present Treaty, amongst other anterior Stipulations, the Act of the 28th of December 1783, concerning the Incorporation of the Crimea and Taman to the Empire of Russia, and fixing the River of the Cuban as the Boundary between the Two contracting Parties in those Countries, the Sublime Ottoman Porte, as a Proof of its sincere Desire to prevent in future every Thing that might disturb the Peace, Tranquillity, and good Harmony between the Two Empires, promises and engages solemnly to employ its whole Authority, and all the Means proper, to restrain and check the People bordering on the left Shore of the Cuban, so that they make no Incursions into the Territory of the Empire of Russia, nor do any Damage, Injury, Waste, or<iRob-bei-y whatever, to or upon the Russian Subjects, or their Settlements, or the Lands or Inhabitants, either openly or secretly, under any Pretext whatsoever; and that they

9 Z do

822 23* Mail A. 1M

Treaty <j0 not cany away any of the People ifrto Slavery: In

between tfjjg view, the Sublime Ottoman Porte shall give the

Itustia ana /, °

The Porte, most positive Orders to whom it may concern, together with the strongest Prohibitions, under the most rigorous Penalties, which are to be absolutely proclaimed in those Places after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Peace. If, after the Stipulations made in the present Treaty, and the Prohibitions declared to the said People, any One of them should still presume to make Incursions into the Territory of the Empire of Russia, to cause any Damage Or Injury whatever, steal Cattle, or any Thing else, or carry away Russian Subjects into Slavery, in such Case, after having made Complaint thereof, Justice shall be done without the least Delay, by restoring what may have been pillaged or stolen. Above all, no Difficulty shall be made relative to the Restoration of, and Search for, Russian Subjects who shall have been carried off, making Compensation likewise for all Expences which may have been incurred, and rigorously punishing the Offenders, in the Presence of the Russian Commissary appointed by the Chief who shall command on the Frontier. Supposing that, contrary to all Expectation, such Justice shall not be done in the Space of Six Months, to be computed from the Day of making the Complaint, the Sublime Porte engages to pay out of its own proper Treasury, all the Expences which those Offenders shall have occasioned, in the Space of One Month after Claim shall have been made by the Russian Minister: Provided, that the Punishments above specified, for disturbing the Repose of good Neighbourhood, are nevertheless to take place without the least Delay.

Article VII.

Commerce being the true Pledge and the most solid Bond of reciprocal Harmony, the Sublime Ottoman Porte, renewing Peace and Friendship with the Empire of Russia, in Testimony of the Sincerity with which it desires that a secure and advantageous Trade between the Subjects of the Two Empires may flourish in the best Manner possible, promises, by these Presents, to observe and follow the 6ist Article of the Treaty of Commerce with the Empire of relative to the

Corsairs of Algiers, Tunis, and Tripoli; and namely, that if a R,ussian Subject should meet with Corsairs of Algiers, Tunis, or Tripoli, and should be taken Prisoner by them, or if those Pirates should seize a Ship, or any Effects whatsoever from Russian Traders, in such Case, the Sublime Ottoman Porte engages to employ its Authority with the said Cantons for the Release of every Russian Subject, who, in such case, should have been reduced to Slavery, and for the Restitution of the Ship, Merchandize, and Effects which may have been taken, and for making Compensation to the injured Party for all the Damages which might result therefrom: And when Intelligence should arrive, certifying the Nonexecution of the Firmans by the said Cantons of

giers, Tunis, and Tripoli, the Sublime Porte, upon the Requisition of the Minister or Charg£ d’Affaires of the Empire of Russia, engages to pay and satisfy the injured Party from the Imperial Treasury, in the Space of Two Month*, or sooner, if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the aforesaid Requisition.

Article VIII.

All the Prisoners of War, and other Slaves, of either Sex, and of what Quality and) Rank soever, who may be found in either of the Two Empires, excepting those who in the Russian Empire, being Mahometans, may have voluntarily embraced the Christian Religion; and those who being Christians, may have also voluntarily embraced the Mahometan, Religion in the Ottoman Empire; all such, immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, without any Pretext whatsoever, are to be reciprocally delivered up, surrendered, and restored, without any Ransom or

Payment. Irt like Mahner all other Christians reduced to Slavery; that is to say, Polanders, Moldavians, tVat-lachians, the Inhabitants of Peloponnesus, Islanders, Georgians, and all others, without any Exception, are also to be delivered up, without any ftafisom or Payment. All such Russian Subjects as by any Accident whatever, after the Conclusion Of this salutary Peace, shall be reduced to Slavery, and be found in the Ottoman Empire, shall also be restored and given up; which the Empire of Russia promises to observe, with perfect Equality and Reciprocity, towards The Ottoman Porte and its Subjects.

Article IX.

Although, after the Cessation of Hostilities on the Occasion of the happy Negotiation of the Peace now concluded, no Misunderstanding can arise relative to hostile Operations, yet, after the Signature of the Treaty of Peace, the supreme Plenipotentiary and actual Privy Councillor of the Empire of Russia, shall give Notice thereof to the Commanders in Chief of the Armies and Fleets of the Empire of Russia; and in like Manner, the Supreme Vizir of The Ottoman shall notify

to the Ottoman Armies arid1 Fjjfets, that Peace ana Friendship between the Two great Empires are entirely re-established. 1; "

Article X.

In order that the happy Peace and sincere Friendship between the Two Empires maybe the more solidly confirmed, Ambassadors Extraordinary shall be solemnly sent on each Part, at such Time as the Two Courts shall determine with One Accord.

The respective Ambassadors shall be received and treated upon the Frontiers with art equal Etiquette, and with the same Honours and Ceremonies as are observed in the respective Embassies between the Powers the most honoured by the Two Empires. As a Mark of Friendship, Presents suitable to the Dignity of the Two Empires, shall be reciprocally sent by the said Ambassadors.

Article XI.

After the Conclusion of the Treaty of Peace between the Two great Empires, and the Exchange of the respective Ratifications of the Sovereigns, the Imperial Russian Troops and the Galley Fleet shall proceed to the Evacuation of the Territory of the Ottoman Empire.

But as it is necessary to combine the said Evacuation by the Troops and the Galley Fleet with the Circumstances of the Season, the Two high contracting Parties have agreed to fix, as the latest Term, the 15th of the Month of May, Old Stile, of next Year 1792, by which Time all her Imperial Majesty’s Troops shall pass to the left Shore of the Dniester, and the Whole of the Galley Feet shall entirely quit the Mouths of the Danultc.

As long as the Imperial Russian Troops-shall remain in the conquered Countries and Fortresses, which, conformably to the Treaty of Peace, will be restored to The Ottoman Porte, the Administration and Order of Affairs shall continue as it now is, under their Government, and The Ottoman Porte shall not intermeddle therewith in any Shape, till the Time of the Retreat of all the Troops. The Imperial: Russian Troops, to the last Day of their Retreat, shall receive in those Countries all Things necessary, and Provisions, as are now furnished to them.

Article XII.

The actual Privy Councillor and Supreme Plenipotentiary on the Part of her Imperial Majesty, the Aui* tocratrix of all the Russiasy and the Supreme Vizir, on the Part of the Sublime Ottoman Porte, after the Signature of the present Treaty of Peace, by the respective Plenipotentiariea, shall exchange at in the

Space of Fifteen Days, or sooner if it can be, dope, by

u the

1

pH

:n'H

5w-

, S*H

5!t

U: £

:^u

2.rf *>

32 Gao. III.

23° M

823

file Hands of these same Plenipotentiaries, reciprocal liament, notwithstanding the Time For presenting Petitions Acts, certifying the Conclusion of this happy and salutary for private Bills is expired.

Work.

Article XIII.

The present Treaty of perpetual Peace happily concluded, shall be confirmed, on the Part of her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias, and on the Part of his Imperial Majesty the Grand Signior, by solemn Ratifications, signed with their Hands; which Ratifications shall be exchanged by the respective Plenipotentiaries,

Ordered^ That, in Consideration of the particular Leave given. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said William Russell, Esquire.

Then a Petition of Joseph Smith, John Kettle, John Lee* Benjamin Mansell, Thomas Russell, William Russell, and John Ryland, all now or late of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, on the Behalf of themselves

where the Treaty has been concluded, in the Space of and j0f,n Roebuck, late of Birmingham aforesaid, now Five Weeks, or sooner if it can be done, to be com- of Boness, in North Britain, Doctor in Physic, being puted from the Day of the Conclusion of this Treaty, offered to be presented to the House;

' fas

& k: & In

Bill to exempt Letters of Agreements to Merchandize, &c. from Stamp Duty, presented.

which the respective Plenipotentiaries have signed, confirmed by their Seals, and exchanged with each other this 129th Day of December 1791, at Yassy.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac-r cording to Order, a Bill to exempt any Letter or Letters, passing, between Merchants or other Persons

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command,) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are, under certain Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the 19th and 20th Days of June 1758, and the 6th and 7th Days of January 1764, the surviving

Petition for Relief on account of a Dissenting Meeting House ut Birmingham having been destroyed in the late Riots there.

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

B are ot>

fcV'flKj

kills

lily of i tv fei

Kibts OIK*, Ic fcjffli

'risk

a! Em :ti) fit

CK3

11, id

Yearly.

ii

efai

rm'i (fei r Gs®

MBS*

t He*

fpxfi is tit 115, S*

F'niip k A* 'iar#

ie sir

re;?5-'

Mr. Russell’s Petition for Leave to present a Petition respecting the Destruction of

carrym? on Trade or Commerce in this Kingdom, T of tba', Picca „f'’Building, some Tims

containing an Agreement mthrespect to Merchandize or erected> and „hich has been ev° si until Bills of Exchange, from thejtamp Duty now imposed f Tjme hOTeinafter mentioned used as a Mecti

on written Agreements: And the same was received; HouJ(, or p|ace for the Public Exercise of Religion|

Worship, by Protestants dissenting from the Church of England, commonly called Presbyterians, with the Vestry and Yard, or Ground thereunto adjoining and belonging, and therewith used, which said Building ‘ or Meeting House and Premises were situate in a

A Petition of William Russell, Esquire, one of the certain Street or Passage called Nerv Meeting Street, surviving Trustees of a certain Protestant Dissenting and bounded by the 9aid Street and Moor Street, on Meeting House, lately standing in New Meeting Street, some or most Parts thereof, and the said Building within the Town of Birmingham, on Behalf of himself was neatly and substantially fitted up in the Inside and the rest of the said surviving Trustees, was pre- with Pulpit, Galleries, and Pews of Oak, and the sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Pews Were furnished with Bibles, Psalms, and ^DUsenting on the 44th Day of July last, the said Meeting House Hymns, and with Cushions, Hassocks, Drawers, and Meeting was, by a lawless and tumultuous Rabble, so far de- Elbow Boards, which had been provided at a con-Houseat stroyed, than nothing remains thereof but the Outside siderable Expence by those who usually attended Di-Birmingham. \yaiis or Shell of the Building; and that, soon after vine Worship at that Place; and that, on the 14th the said Meeting House had been destroyed, the said Day of July last, a lawless and tumultuous Rabble, Trustees gave Directions to their Attorney to com- which had assembled to the Terror and Consternation istence and prosecute an1 Action upon the Riot Act of the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, after ag&mst the Hundred, for" the Recovery of the Da- having destroyed the Windows of the Hotel in Temple mage* sustained 6y the Destruction of the said Meet- Row, proceeded to, and made an Attack upon, the ing House, but they tvere afterwards informed, that said Place about Nine ©’Clock in the Evening, and, there was not, among the Title Deeds, any Certificate after destroying the Glass Windows, forced open the of the Place being registered pursuant to the Act of Iron Gates which inclosed the Yard or Ground ad-the First Year of King William and Queen Mary joining, and then, by main Violence, broke down the (commonly called The 'toleration Jet) whereupon they Doors of the Meeting House, and, having obtained immediately caused Search to be made in the proper an Entry into the Place, tore up the Pews, and Offices for such Registry, bnt without Effect; and that brought them with the Books and Furniture into the the said Trustees are advised, that, for want of such Yard, in the Front of the Meeting House, and there Certificate of the Register of the said Building as a heaping them together set Fire thereto, and carrying Place of Religious Worship, they cannot recover the Fire into the Inside of the Building, the same was en-Damage done to the same against the Hundred under tirely consumed, and nothing now remains thereof the Riot Act, and are without Relief, unless the except the bare Outside Walls or Shell of the Build-House shall afford them Aid and Assistance under this ing: That, soon after the Destruction of the said heavy Loss, amounting, as the said Trustees have Place of Public Worship, the Petitioners and others, bfceh well informed, to upwards Of 1,894/.; and that who had been accustomed to attend there, did, at a the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that, by an considerable Expence, take and fit up a Temporary . Order made in the early Part of this Session, the Building, where Divine Service might be performed Time for presenting Petitions for private Bills was according to the Sentiments and usual Form of the limited to the 2d Day of March last, but the said Petitioners and those heretofore frequenting the Place Trustees did not know that the said Registry did dot of Worship so destroyed, and for which they are appear to have been duly and' regularly made until bound to pay, for Three Years, an Annual Rent; long after the Day so limited as aforesaid; and that and that the Petitioners did, soon after the said Build-a Petition of the said Trustees, praying such HdHef in ing and Premises had been so destroyed, give Di-the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, has rections to their Attorney to commence and prose-been lately prepared, and is signed by the surviving cute an Action upon the Riot Act against the Hun-'IVustees, and now ready for being presented': And dred,_for the Recovery of the Damages sustained by

therefore praying, That Le ave may be given to present the said Petition in the present Session of Par-Vot. 47.

the Petitioners in the Destruction of such Building and Premises, when; very much to the Surprise of the

the Petitioners, they were informed that there was not, among the Title Deeds, any Certificate of the Place being registered pursuant to the Act of the 1st of William and Mary, Cap. 18, (commonly called The Toleration Act) and the Petitioners immediately caused Search to be made in the Offices of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Warwick, and the Courts of the Bishop and Archdeacon of the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, but without Effect; that the Petitioners always understood and believed that the same was duly registered when the Building was first erected and used as a Place for Religious Worship, and several of the Persons who usually attended at the same have heard that it was duly registered, and the Petitioners therefore apprehend, that, by some Error or Omission, it has been neglected to be entered upon the Books of Record of the Clerk of the Peace, or Bishop, or Archdeacon, but they verily believe the same was certified to one or other of those Courts by the Trustees or Subscribers at the Time of the first Erection thereof; and that the Petitioners are advised, that, for want of such Certificate of the Register of the Building as a Place of Religious Worship, they cannot recover the Damage done to the same against the Hundred under the Riot Act, and are without Relief, unless the House shall afford them Aid and Assistance under the heavy Loss that is sustained by the Acts and Outrages of the lawless and tumultuous Rabble who effected the Destruction thereof, and who, in committing those Acts of Violence, broke and disturbed the Peace of Society, infringed the Laws of the Country, and caused to the Petitioners and others, the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood, great Terror and Alarm; and that the Petitioners are well informed the Loss sustained by the Destruction of the said Building and Premises, and the Books and Furniture therein, amounts to 1,894/. 6s. and upwards, and, being unable to recover the same by any legal Proceeding, rest their Case upon the Equity thereof: And therefore praying, That the House will take their Case into Consideration, and afford them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bill for Relief Mr. Henry Jlobart, according to Order, reported of the Coast from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Trade re- Bill for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great;

ported. for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp

Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called the Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise to be trans-shipped into Lighters for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from Grangemouth to Glasgow, was commited, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Middlesex The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Justices Bill Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the more effectual passed. Administration of the Office of a Justice of Peace, in such Parts of the County of Middlesex as lie in and near the Metropolis;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17.1. ult To leave out the Clause for apprehending idle and disorderly Persons.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Clause stand Part of the Bill;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out from the Beginning of the said Clause to the Words " such Persons shall," in Pr. 19.1. 8.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.'

fMr. Serjeant Wat A.

Tellers for the Yeas, j son, > 114,

[ Mr. Henry H]

fSir James St. Clair\

Tellers for the Noes, ! Erskine, > 36.

(Mr. P lamer: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out from the Word " shall" in Pr. 19.1. 8. to the End of the Clause, and inserting the Words " be liable to Imprisonment for any Time not " exceeding Three Months," instead thereof;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend

" and make more effectual the Laws relating to " Rogues, Vagabonds, and other Idle and Disorderly " Persons, and to Houses of Correction," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment following was also proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20.1. 14. At the End of the Clause to insert,

" Provided always, That no Person convicted under this Act " shall thereby become liable to " any other Punishment than Imprisonment to hard Labour, for " a Term not exceeding Six Months, taking into the Computation any actual Imprisonment such Person shall have.

" suffered by his Commitment till " such Session."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Billtodh Reading of the Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for, vesting certain wMce " Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quar- of Naum " ter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt," and to direct the Ap- mm'i plication of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

!D

Uk

Sail,',

32 Geo. III.

23" — 24°

825

orJs

m

Bill to empower the Justices for Middlesex to continue a Session of the Peace, &c, deferred.

Bill to continue Acts for regulating; the shipping

of Slaves, de-frrred.

lie hi e Mrs

: aij t Scotch JlKCto Burghs Bill, j deferred.

lr± pro-

si lal*

isisar. at no Ft-; a- k

o fei

It lk.br

Lite b

ctCE; X 3 lit GiJ

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to continue a Session of the Peace, and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King's Bench, at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels trom the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better regulating the Mode of Accounting for the Common Good and Revenues of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord-

Jovis, 24° die Mail;

Anno 32° Georgii III*1 Regis, 1792.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of Oak Bark Quercitron or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Importation Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in an Act 8,11 Passed-of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty; and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing the Importation of Quercitron or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty; and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, Daniel’s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate Bill An Act for vesting certain settled Leasehold Lands ^orta'^ej and Tenements of Eduard Daniel, Gentleman, and Catherine his Wife, in that Part of the Parish of Clifton which lies within the City of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled upon the Trusts of the said settled Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment* And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

u»

endment

>leaford

ngation

agreed

tual sect WF itio2 ever;

the Bs®1 ect W loi#*

fi

2

Co

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, along the Course

of Sleaford Mill Stream, and Kymc Eau, to the River Witham, at or near Chappel Hill, in the same County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 27. 1. 20. After " expressed" insert " Provided " always, That if at any Time the " said intended Stanch should be " lowered, so as that the Head of " the same Stanch should be less " than Four Feet above the Upper " Sill of the said Lock, the Bottom of all the Tunnels between " the First and Second Locks " shall be lowered in proportion, " so as to be at all Times Nine " Inches below the Head of the " said Stanch, any Thing in the " said recited Act, or in this Act " contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

Vol. 47.

The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, Curtis’s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Leases Bill An Act to enable Edward Curtis, during his Life, and, and after his Death, the Guardians of his Children, during pa se their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Pieces of Ground at Clifton, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Report on into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to take into Specting Na-Consideration the Standing Orders of the House, vigation respecting Bills for making Navigable Canals, and to Bills, re-report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be now conjmitt<‘d-read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

10 A Ordered,

24? Man.

A. 1792.

Sugar Bill passed.

Committee on Bill to direct the Application of an additional Sum to Reduction of National Debt.

reported.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee who were appointed to consider of the said Standing Orders.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for regulating the Exportation of Sugar, and allowing the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. i. 1. 25- To leave out " Third" and insert " Fourth" instead thereof.

Pr. 6. 1. 26. To leave out " Third" and insert " Fourth," and to leave out " Months" and insert " Month," instead thereof.

1. 27. After " and" to insert " on the " Third Wednesday in the Month " of."

1. 29. After " and" to insert " on the " Third

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Susar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums " in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a " Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of " the National Debt," and to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

grossed.

A Message frdm. the Lords, by Mr. Pans and Mr. The L*jns Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Great Carl. Act for more effectually draining and preserving cer- ton Drain: tain Low Lands within the Parish of Great Carlton, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Glasgow Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, YokerBr:; made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the " Term of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and " Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several " Roads leading into the City of so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow " to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile " House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village " of Gorbals to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Couoties of Lanerle and Renfrewso far as the said Act relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoke)' Bridge, and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road and the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgozv to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from

The Forth to The Clyde’, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An KithBr. Act for regulating and improving the Salmon Fishery Fisheryf in the River Nith, in the County of Dumfries; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Billtoau Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act, Hutton of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York, to the Township of West Ayton, in the Parish of Hutton Bushell aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Boiforc Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering-the Leachl‘ Road leading from the Town of Bwford, in the County of Oxford, to Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, and for making a Road from thence to the River Isis, or Thames; for building a Bridge across the said River, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road leading from Leachlade to Inglesham, and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said last mentioned Road to and through the Town of Highworth, in the County of Wilts, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in the same County; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An cheslu Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common closure’ Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, called Cheslyn Common, in the Liberties or Great Little Saredon, and Great Wyrley, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lds Act for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town Church I of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Rote Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common 4c-Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and jjM,. other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within BilU the several Parishes of Rodm and Coates, in the Am® County of Gloucester; and also, for settling and ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Parishes; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

« The

32 Geo. III.

24* M

827

Liverpool Church Bill, with au Amendment*

Bill to exempt Letters of Agreements as to Merchandize, &c. from Stamp Duty, committed.

-n. i

U:

Petition against the Royal Exchange Assurance Company's Bill.

L\;t.

An!

Act,;

for;

M-'

irj .'f

3 "

ed if :r

* i

lIjcj

ci*

rtvDt

i at

fjSttt

in* a r-t*

Uri i-1 {0 fed

OLt

ulei d teV-)il> '

.Vis

ja»;

y,

re:'^:

(inri

asc*

Also?*

T*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a new Church or Chapel within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to exempt any Letter or Letters, passing between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce in this Kingdom, containing an Agreement with respect to Merchandize or Bills of Exchange, from the Stamp Duty now imposed on written Agreements, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Assureds by the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Company and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon Lives; and Setting forth, that his late Majesty King George the First was pleased, by Letters Patent, dated the 2 2d Day of June, 1720, to incorporate certain Persons therein named to he a Corporation by the Name of The Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and afterwards by other Letters Patent, dated the 29th of Apri 1721, incorporated the same Persons to he a Corporation for the Assurance of any Life, or Lives, and against Casualties and Accidents by" Fire, by the Name of The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, and both the said Corporations consist of one and the same Governor, and of the same Directors and Persons, and they are possessed of Sums of Money laid out in the Public Funds and other Securities, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes, mentioned in such respective Charters; and that the Petitioners have severally made Insurances with the said Companies, and are materially interested in their respective Capitals, and in the Sums of Money so invested by them as aforesaid, and the said Companies are not, nor is either of them, now possessed of any other Capital or Sum of Money, than as aforesaid, for the purchasing of Annuities, rvor are or will be possessed of any other Capital or Sum of Money, for securing and paying any Annuities that they may grant and sell (except such Sum and Sums of Money as shall, from Time to Time, be received by them for the granting and selling of such Annuities) and the Petitioners are therefore apprehensive that the Bill, now depending, to empower the said Companies to grant, purchase, and sell, Annuities upon Lives, and to become another Corporation also, by the Name of The Royal Exchange Annuity elusive of their

Two former Corporate Names) will he injurious to the Public in general, and to the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, against the same, and that the said Bill may not pass info a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard*, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

V01. 47.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast Of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall Ire then

ingrossed.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, <! An Act for enlarging " and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for " cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of " Sandwich;" and also, an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge certain Powers granted by an Act, " passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, " and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the " Haven of Sandwichand for making other Provisions for the Maintenance and Improvement of the said Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sanduich, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to exempt Vessels belonging to Margate and Broad Stairs from Payment of the Duties.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

And it being proposed to add the Names of several Persons as Trustees; and the Name of Sir Brook William Bridges, Baronet, being the First on the List of such Persons so proposed to be added;

The Question was put. That the Name of Sir Brook William Bridges, Baronet, be there inserted.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

’ Sir Edward Knatch-' bull,

Sir Martin Browne Folkes:

Mr. Alderman Wit-son, ',) 29.

_ Mr. Wigley:

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 7. 1. 2. by inserting the Name of Philip Stephens, Esquire, as a Trustee.

And

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes>.

Committee on Bill to continue Acts for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

reported.

Ramsgate Harbour Bill passed

4

828

24° — 25° Man.

A, 1792.

Committee on Bill to empower the Justices for Middlesex to continue a Session of the Peace, &c.

reported.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

The Amendment following was also proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 27. To leave out " to whom" and insert " to the Chairman for the "Time being " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " to " whom " stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments following were likewise severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. *

Pr. 56. 1. 12. To leave out "Fifty," and insert " such Fifteen " instead thereof.

1. 19. To leave out " Fifty," and insert " Fifteen" instead thereof. '

1. 32. To leave out " Fifty," and insert " Fifteen " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That-the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to continue a Session of the Peace, and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King's Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring took the Chaifof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Mainwaring accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Debate on Amendments to Atcham, Poor Bill, further adjourned.

Scotch Burghs Bill deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Debate upod the Amendments which were Yesterday proposed to be made to an ingrossed Clause then offered to be added, by Way of Ryder, to the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of Atcham, Wroxeter, Berrington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, Kenley, Leighton, Uffington, and tlpton Magna, and the Chapelry of Cressage, in the County of Salop, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating the Mode of Accounting for the Common Good and Revenues of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 5°die;

Anno 32* Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1792.

Praters.

THE House proceeded to take into Considers- Lor*

tion the Amendments made by the Lords to Amendmtw the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing to Ko<imar' the Open and "Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Laftds and Boundwy Waste Grounds, w’ithin the several Parishes of - Bill agreed marton and Coates, in the county of ; and to,

also for settling and ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Parishes.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; vis.

Pr. 3. I.20. Leave out from "is" to "a" in line 22.

I.24. After " Sapper ton " insert "which " is wholly surrounded by the " Lands of the said Parish of " Coates

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lor* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Amendmtt. An Act for building a new Church or Chapel in the keds Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of ' York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Leave out " the late " and insert " Christopher."

Leave out " late."

Leave out " late " and insert " Christopher."

Leave out " late " and insert " Christopher."

Leave out "late" and insert " -

" topher."

Leave out from " Bristol " to " freed " in 1. 6, and insert " his " Heirs and Assigns."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Amenta An Act for building a new Church or Chapel within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Pala-tine of Lancaster.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 3. After " Ordinary " insert " of the

" Diocese."

The

Pr. 1. 1. 35-

Pr. 2. 1. *7-

Pr. 3- 1. 12.

1. 25-

Pr. 5- 1. 2.

1. 3-

*r.

Committee on Whitehaven Harbour Bill.

Bill to con-linue Acts «jj j. for regulating the \ shipping of V Slaves passed.

i i

Bill to em- power the Justices for Middlesex to continue a Session of the Peace,

B v) and of Oyer and Ternii-' ner, passed.

VTul'-

izt

Bill for Relief of the Coast Trade passed.

-ft

err-

1 it off

3*3#

Whitchurch Poor Bill parsed.

15 if

of S'

r«

32 Geo. III. 25° J/«m.

829

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for further enlarging and improving the Harbour and Port of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, is committed, have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a Time to be limited, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to continue a Session of the Peace, and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King’s Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to continue a Session of the Peace, and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King's Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Maimcaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called the Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise, to be transhipped into Lighters for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from Grangemouth to Glasgow, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called the Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Com and Grain brought Coastwise, to be transhipped into Lighters for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from The Forth to The Clyde.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and within such Part of the Parish of Whitchurch, maintaining its own Poor, as lies within the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that no Apprentice Vo t. 47.

shall be turned over without the Consent of the Directors.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for chusing a President and Directors.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for taking the Examination of the Poor with respect to the Place of their legal Settlements.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, empowering a Justice of the Peace to settle Disputes between the Directors and the Masters of Poor Persons.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, appointing the Number of Directors required to be present on certain Occasions.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that the Day of the Delivery of certain Notices should not be included in the Time appointed for giving such Notices.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill

Pr. 4. 1. 7.

1. 8.

Pr. 5. 1. 24.

1. 30-

1. 33-

Pr. 7- 1. 3 Pr. io. 1. 1.

1. 6.

Pr. 18. 1. 18.

1. 19.

Pr. 28. 1. 27. Pr. 54. 1. 10.

After " the" to insert " Twenty."

To leave out " J and insert " September" instead thereof.

To leave out " Guardians" and insert " Directors" instead thereof.

To leave out " Guardians" and insert " Directors" instead thereof.

To leave out " Guardians" and insert " Directors" instead thereof.

To leave out the Clause.

To leave out " June" and insert " September" instead thereof.

To leave out " June" and insert " September" instead thereof.

To leave out " First" and insert " Twenty-second" instead thereof.

To leave out " August " and insert " September" instead thereof.

To leave out the Clause.

To leave out from " levied " to " unless" in 1.16, and insert " and " recovered as other Forfeitures " are herein after directed to be " levied and recovered."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and within such Part of thfc Parish of Whitchurch, as maintains its own Poor, and lies within the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Colonel Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

10 B Ordered,

Debate on Amendments to Atcham, &c. Poor Bill resumed.

Clause

amended and agreed to.

Bill passed.

The Lords Lave agreed to

Livingstone and Glasgow Roads Bill.

Monk Fry-bton Inclosure Bill.

Tockwith Inclosure Bill.

Servants Characters Bill, with Amendments.

Shipton Sellers, &c. Inclosure Bill reported.

830 25° Mail A. 1792.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Amendments which, upon Wednesday last, were proposed to be made to an ingrossed Clause, then offered to be added, by Way of Ryder, to the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of Atcham, Wroxeter, Berrington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, Kenley, Leighton, ZJffmgton, and Upton Magna, and the Chapelry of Cressage, in the County of Salop, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the said Clause was amended, and read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Rill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 44. 1. lo. To leave out "Ten" and insert " Five" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of Atcham, tcr, Berrington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, Kenley, -ton, Uffington, and Upton Mag, and the Chapelry of Cressage, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Hazckins Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr and Mr. Ord: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingston, by the Kirk of Shots, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads

therein mentioned, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Thee and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgozv; for altering a Part of the High Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of the Hills, and another Line of Road by the South, and for straightening and making the Roads more convenient; as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgozv to the Town of Hamilton, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde below the present old Bridge, called Bothwell as also for altering the Road from the Town of Hamilton, Eastward, until it joins the Great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgozv; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Monk Fryslon, in the West Riding of the County of York without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Toclczcith, in the Parish of Billon, in the County of the City of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitule'd, An Act to prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Grounds, Hills, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands,

e

within the several Manors of Lower otherwise Nether Hampen, Shipton Sollers and Shipton in the Parishes of Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the County of Gloucester, and some Pieces of Land which extend into the Parishes of Whittington and Dowdeswell, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bilk of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord: The Loris Mr. Speaker, bave P2*1

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for Rt-for granting Relief to Pastors, Ministers, and Lay ltjrfgt04f"' Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland; to the Episo(p! which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. CommuM

And then the Messengers withdrew. 10 Scot1*-

And the said Bill was read the First Time. Bill read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, reported from the Committee, to Royal & whom the Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance ^"e8^5 Company, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and pany’s bu sell Annuities upon Lives, was committed; That the reported. Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons, Assureds by the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, who petitioned the House Yesterday, praying to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, be permitted to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Freeholders, Justices Petitionfe of Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, of the County the County, of Aberdeen, thereunto subscribing, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by certain Laws nisten,&c. now in Force, the Pastors or Ministers, and Lay Per- the Epsop sons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, are laid Comnww under peculiar Restrictions in the Exercise of theiriu Sc0iMil Religious Worship, and subjected to Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, which, at the Time of passing those Laws, were judged necessary for the Security of His Majesty’s Person and Government; and that the Circumstances which gave Occasion to those Penal Statutes no longer existing, and the Persons affected by them having, in their Principles and Conduct, given every Proof of their Loyalty and Attachment to the Constitution which the Law has put in their Power, it

seems

5

i,

mt

i>

it,

fl*;

U

7 is ii

y.

:!jg

32 Geo. III.

25‘

Petition from the City of Aberdeen for Relief to Ministers, &c. of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland.

i" le' it i.;

'j'&

Time

:-SC It. L\ ' *

seems reasonable to the Petitioners, that the Restraints and Disabilities imposed by the said Acts should be removed, and those Persons restored to that Religious Liberty, as well as to those Privileges as Citizens, which are enjoyed by all other Dissenters: And therefore requesting, in Behalf of the Pastors or Ministers and Lay Persons of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, such Relief from the Penalties and Disabilities they at present lie under, as to the House may seem expedient.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Aberdeen, in Council convened, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that, by certain Laws now in Force, the Pastors or Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Scots Episcopal Church, are laid under peculiar Restrictions in the Exercise of their Religious Worship, and are subjected to heavy Penalties and Forfeitures, which, at the Time those Laws were enacted, were judged necessary for the Security of His Majesty's Person and Government; and that, from the Observations made by the Petitioners on the Conduct of those of the above-mentioned Communion, within their Jurisdiction, they have every Reason to believe that the Circumstances which occasioned the passing of those Penal Laws are now completely removed, and that they are ready to give every Proof of their Loyalty and Attachment to the Constitution and Government of this Country, as by Law established: And therefore the Petitioners, moved with Sympathy for a numerous and respectable Body of their Fellow Citizens, who are deprived of that Toleration which all other Protestant Dissenters in that Part of the Kingdom fully enjoy, beg Leave to recommend to die House the Consideration of the Case of the Persons of the above-mentioned Description, and pray that they may be relieved from the Restrictions and Penalties to which they are at present subjected, in such Manner as may seem most expedient to the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

lit ’I Penge Inclo-_ sure Bill re-" . ported.

5

vA r la A-

writ

,.r-- 11

.. „\ri.

tefss

ids*

si*

JJ; g , Sli* of 3s , b

:p. sit'1 iat Pe® ifo* t,?>* lot'

)»1

Sir Elijah Impey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common or Parcel of Waste Ground called Penge lying

within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Parish of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committtee had considered the said Petition, and had exarhined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 25 Acres and Three Quarters of Land in the Hamlet of Penge, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and also, except the Lord of the Manor of Battersea, within which Manor and Parish the Hamlet of Penge lies, who declined signing the Bill, unless all the other Parties had signed, but who declared, that he was no Enemy to the Bill; and also, except the Owners and Occupiers of Land within the other Part of the said Parish of Battersea, who claim to be entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common, who have not been applied to; and that the Whole of the Lands within the Hamlet of Penge, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common, consists of 237 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Vol. 47.

p

Mali.

831

Bill to direct t)ie Application oi an additional Sum to Reduction of National Debt, passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the 1 bird Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth \ ear of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of " every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to " the Reduction of the National Debt," and to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to " be by them applied to the Reduction of the National " Debt," and to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act. Duke of W-for effectuating and establishing an Exchange agreed ?*1'

upon between Charles Duke of Norfolk, and Francis Exchange* FerrandFoljambe, Esquire, of certain Lands and other Bill com-Hereditaments, in the Counties of Nottingham, fitted,

and Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Scotch Reading of the Bill for the better regulating the Mode committed of Accounting for the Common Good and Revenues of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House to

House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning a'li",rn to next. Wednesday.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take l'rochima-into Consideration His Majesty’s Proclamation, dated tlu" consi-at the Queen’s House, the 21st Dav of this Instant deret1-May.

And the said Proclamation was again read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed. That an humble Address be presented to His ^ddress Majesty, to assure His Majesty that we have taken into t,c'eui"m-our most serious Consideration Mis Majesty’s Royal Proclamation, which has, by His Majesty’s Command, been laid before us; and we beg Leave to testify to His Majesty our warm and grateful Sense of this fresh Proof of His Majesty’s constant Solicitude for the Welfare and Happiness of His People:

That we cannot see without Indignation the Attempts which have been made to weaken in the Minds of Mis Majesty’s Subjects the Sentiments of Obedience to the Laws, and of Attachment to the Form of Government,

Civil and Religious, so happily established within this Realm:

That the Advantages which, under the Government of His Majesty and His illustrious Ancestors, have been derived from legal and well regulated Freedom, and the unexampled Blessings which we actually enjoy,

afford

832

25° Mali.

A. 1792.

Address on ajforc| to His Majesty’s Subjects peculiar Motives to re-to-sur'ress-" ^ect Gratitude on their present Situation, and to ing Seditious beware of those delusive Theories which are incon-I’ublications, sistent with the Relations and Duties of all Civil So-kc- ciety; and that we deem it, under the present Circum-

stances, the peculiar Duty of every good Citizen to discourage and counteract every Attempt, direct and indirect, against Public Order and Tranquillity:

That we are confident that the Sentiments which we now express to His Majesty are the general Sentiments of the Nation; that they must feel with us, that real Liberty can only exist under the Protection of Law, and the Authority of efficient and regular Government: They have seen, by happy Experience, that the mixed Form of our Legislature comprehends and provides for the various Interests of the Community through all its several Descriptions, and maintains and preserves those Gradations of Property and Condition which furnish the great Incentives to useful Industry, and are equally essential to the Vigour and Exertion of every Part, and to the Stability and Welfare of the Whole: That they therefore know that the collective Strength and Prosperity of the Empire, its Wealth, its Credit* and its Commerce, as well as the only Security for the Persons, the Property, and the Liberties, of each Individual, are essentially connected with the Preservation of the established Constitution:

That, impressed with these Opinions, we think it our Duty to assure His Majesty of our firm Determination to support His Majesty in the Resolution which His Majesty has adopted; and that we are fully persuaded, that every Exertion w'hich may be necessary will be seconded by the Zeal and Gratitude of a free and loyal People.

Amendment, An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Words, " That an " humble Address be presented to His Majesty," to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words: " To thank Him for the gracious Communication " which He has been pleased to make to this House " of His Royal Proclamation:

" To assure His Majesty that His faithful Commons " will be at all Times ready to manifest their Attachment to His Majesty’s Royal Family and Person, " and to the Constitution of this Country as established " at the Time of the glorious Resolution, by openly " resisting, to the utmost of their Power and Ability, " wherever they may appear, any Attempts which aim " at the Subversion of all regular Government within " this Kingdom, and which are inconsistent with the " Peace and Order of Society:

" To assure His Majesty that His faithful Comnions most cordially participate in the gracious Sentirnents expressed by His Majesty, and that there is " nothing the y so earnestly desire, as to secure the Publie Peace and Prosperity, and to preserve to a loyal " People, the full Enjoyment of their Rights, both " Religious and Civil: That they are confident this " benevolent Desire cannot be defeated, when they " consider His Majesty's paternal Care and Regard " for His People, and the fixed Attachment which " His Majesty’s faithful Subjects bear to the happy " Form of our Government, and the genuine Principles of the Constitution: These His Majesty’s " faithful Commons cherish as Objects of just Act'ection, not from any implicit Reverence or habitual " Su[>erstition, but as Institutions best calculated to " secure the Blessings of Liberty and Order, and because they are convinced that on them the Wealth, " Happiness, and Prosperity of this Kingdom do, under Divine Providence, chiefly depend:

" Humbly to represent to His Majesty, that if any " wicked and seditious Writings have been printed, " published, and industriously dispersed, tending to " excite Tumult and Disorder, by endeavouring to raise "groundless Jealousies and Discontents in the Minds

" of His Majesty’s faithful and loving Subjects, respecting the Laws and happy Constitution of Government. Civil and Religious, established in this " Kingdom, and endeavouring to vilify and bring into " Contempt the wise and wholesome Provisions made " at the Time of the glorious Resolution, that His Majesty’s faithful Commons, at the same Time that " they cannot help expressing their strongest Disapprobation of all such Proceedings, humbly conceive " that His Majesty’s Government is already vested with " sufficient Powers to punish any open Violation of the " Law; and that if any Writings, which His Majesty’s " Ministers consider as proper Objects of Prosecution, " have for any Length of Time been published and " circulated with Impunity, the said Ministers have "been guilty of a criminal Neglect, in not sooner taking such Measures as were necessary for the Purpose " of bringing to Punishment the Authors of such Publications:

" Further, to represent to His Majesty, that if on. " this Ground alone His Majesty has been advised to " issue His Royal Proclamation, His Majesty’s faithful Commons, with the firmest Confidence in His Majesty’s gracious and benevolent Intentions, feel " themselves in Duty bound to express their Regret " that His Majesty should have been induced to take " a Measure, which, under such Circumstances, they " cannot but regard as unnecessary, and which may produce the Effect of exciting groundless Jealousies " and Alarms in the Minds of His Majesty’s faithful " and loving People:

" To assure His Majesty that His faithful Commons are always ready zealously to concur with " His Majesty in such Measures as may be found " most effectual for the Suppression of all Riots, " Tumults, or other Disorders, on whatever Pretence " they may be grounded, as well as to use all legal " Means for the Prevention of similar Disorders in " future:

" To express to His Majesty the deep Regret which " His faithful Commons felt at the Tumults and Disorders which took Place at Birmingham in the Course " of the last Summer, to the Disgrace of all good " Government, the utter Subversion of Law, and the " Destruction of the Security and Property of many " of His Majesty’s most faithful Subjects: Humbly to " suggest to His Majesty, as the best and surest Means " of averting the Calamities inseparable from such " Disorders in future, and of discouraging and suppressing the lawless Violence which gave Occasion " to them, the Expediency of proceeding with all the " Severity of the Law against such Persons as may " have been instrumental in aiding and abetting the " said Riots, who have not already been punished; " and particularly to express their earnest Wish that " speedy Measures may be taken for the Prosecution " and Punishment of such Magistrates, as upon the " aforesaid melancholy Occasion, may appear to have " been guilty of gross and criminal Neglect in the " Discharge of their Duty:

" These Sentiments, dictated by an unfeigned Love " for His Majesty’s Royal Person and illustrious " House, an anxious Regard for the Peace and Happiness of the Country, and a steady and zealous At* " tachment to the true Principles of our happy Constitution of Government both in Church and State, " His Majesty’s faithful Commons have thought it " their Duty to lay at the Foot of the Throne, humbly hoping that His Majesty may be induced to take " them into His most gracious Consideration, as the " Sentiments of Men who have no Interest but to preserve that Freedom which is the Birthright of all " Englishmen, and who look to no Means of doing so,

" but in the Maintenance of good Order, and a steady " Adherence and dutiful Submission to the Laws," instead thereof.

And

32 Geo. III.

25° Mail.

833

Address on considering Proclamation.

to

JUil*

'ODl-

»ili

!>®4

ctvtits, Meat i itjl

t*x

ih

G:js

il C Jt

' I£T i.p V-3

ja 5*

1 Lit

Si $

IU’3

’iiiiZ s# pc: 5 10^ t:i

eJ'j*

!t3»

KiH?

loci'

,vtl-

Sgi-i '

»V 10 2* H5®

flf

0fal

sft

Jf

Report from the Board of Land Revenue.

leaf

0i

>1

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to assure His Majesty that we have taken into our most serious Consideration His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation, which has, by His Majesty’s Command, been laid before us; and we beg Leave to testify to His Majesty our warm and grateful Sense of this fresh Proof of His Majesty’s constant Solicitude for the Welfare and Happiness of His People:

That we cannot see without Indignation the Attempts which have been made to weaken in the Minds of His Majesty’s Subjects the Sentiments of Obedience to the Laws, and of Attachment to the Form of Government, Civil and Religious, so happily established within this Realm:

That the Advantages which, under the Government of His Majesty and His illustrious Ancestors, have been derived from legal and well regulated Freedom, and the unexampled Blessings which we actually enjoy, afford to His Majesty’s Subjects peculiar Motives to reflect with Gratitude on their present Situation, and to beware of those delusive Theories which are inconsistent with the Relations and Duties of all Civil Society; and that we deem it, under the present Circumstances, the peculiar Duty of every good Citizen to discourage and counteract every Attempt, direct and indirect, against Public Order and Tranquillity:

That we are confident that the Sentiments which we now express to His Majesty are the general Sentiments of the Nation; that they must feel with us, that real Liberty can only exist under the Protection of Law, and the Authority of efficient and regular Government: They have seen, by happy Experience, that the mixed Form of our Legislature comprehends and provides for the various Interests of the Community through all its several Descriptions, and maintains and preserves those Gradations of Property and Condition which furnish the great Incentives to useful Industry, and are equally essential to the Vigour and Exertion of every Part, ana to the Stability and Welfare of the Whole: That they therefore know that the collective Strength and Prosperity of the Empire, its Wealth, its Credit, and its Commerce, as well as the only Security for the Persons, the Property, and the Liberties, of each Individual, are essentially connected with the Preservation of the established Constitution:

That, impressed with these Opinions, we think it our Duty, to assure His Majesty of our firm Determination to support His Majesty in the Resolution which His Majesty has adopted; and that we are fully persuaded, that every Exertion which may be necessary will be seconded by the Zeal and Gratitude of a free and loyal People.

Ordered, That the said Address be communicated to the Lords, and the Concurrence of their Lordships desired thereto.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them that this House, having taken into Consideration His Majesty’s Proclamation, dated at the Queen’s House, the 21 st Day of this Instant May, have agreed upon an Address to be presented to His Majesty, to which Address this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls do carry the said Message.

The House being informed that Mr. Harrison, from the Board of Land Revenue, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Twelfth Report of the Commissioners appointed

to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to "1Tn*nr sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable v_ Rents.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report, together with the Appendix* thereunto, is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Twelfth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

The Royal Forests, on which we have completed our Enquiries, are few in Number, though of considerable Extent. They differ from each other in the Nature of the Soil, in the Advantages of Situation, in the System of Management, the prevailing Abuses, and in the Rights claimed by Individuals, as well as in those reserved by the Crown. To Circumstances so dissimilar, it is obvious that One general Regulation, or Plan of Settlement, could not apply. We thought it our Duty, therefore, to view them ourselves, to have Surveys and Plans taken of all of them, and to report to the Legislature on each separately, suggesting such Plans of Improvement, and future Management, as seemed to us best adapted to their peculiar Circumstances.

But the demised Estates of the Crown consisting of a great Number of Manors, Lands, and Houses, dispersed in almost every County of England, it is obvious that the same Means of acquiring Information concerning them could not be followed, and that our Reports must be of a different Kind.

The Circumstances and Value of each Estate, with the Plan which should be adopted for its Improvement, cannot, indeed, be accurately known without particular Surveys, and minute Enquiry: But this, though a necessary Object for the Attention of whatever Office shall be entrusted with the permanent Management of the Landed Estates of the Crown, could not, in our Opinion, have been so well executed under a temporary Commission.

Wishing, however, to obtain as much Information as we could of the State of the Crown Lands, without such Minute Surveys, and, at the same Time, to create some Check upon the Conduct of the Lessees, we, very soon after our Appointment, employed Surveyors to take an Account of the Wood and Timber on every Estate, those being the Parts of the Property most exposed to Injury and Waste; and we directed those Surveyors, who must have Occasion, in examining the Wood and Timber, to traverse every Field, to pay some Attention to the Land, and to give us such general Information concerning it, as might enable us to judge of the State of Cultivation or Improvement, when compared with the neighbouring Estates belonging to Individuals. We ordered also minute Plans and Surveys to be made of some Estates, in different Parts of the Kingdom, that, by comparing the estimated Value now, with that which had been put upon them when formerly surveyed, we might have some Means of forming a Judgment, of the Increase of Rent which may be expected when the present Leases shall expire.

Having given the Reasons which, in our Judgment, render it necessary to be more general in our Reports on the demised Estates of the Crown, than we have

Note. — This Appendix was not presented to the House until the 5th day of June.

10 C

been

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

Domesday Book. Davenant, pa. 105. Ol d. Vi tali*, pa. 523.

Domesday Book.

Cottoni Fosthuma. pa. 179.

Ord. Vitali*, pa. 523.

Bla«kstone, Vol. IV. pa. 419.

Domesdayillustrated, pa- 24. Brady’sHisf.pa2U.

Rot- Pari. 2 Ri. II. pa. 1. N*. 24.

Rot. Parl. 6 H. IV.

N° 14.

Littleton, Vol. III. pa. 464.

Henry, Vol. IIJ. pa. 28 and 352.

Hume, pa. 277 j and Sir J. Sinclair,

Vol. I. pa. 44 and 45.

.834 25° Mail. A. 1792.

been in those concerning the Forests, and to leave more minute Circumstance's to those who shall be entrusted ^/with the Management, we shall now proceed to lay before the Legislature the Information we have obtained, in the Course of our Enquiries, together with the Opinions we have been led td form on the Subject. In‘doing this we shall adopt the following Arrangement, dividing our Report into Three Parts.

In the First, we shall give a very general and brief Account of the Land Revenue of the Crown, from the Time of William the Conqueror to the parsing of the Act of the First of Queen Anne, by which the Crown was restrained from making farther Alienations of any Part of the Landed Property, or of granting Leases of Houses for a longer Time than 50 Years, or of Lands for more than 31 Years, or Three Lives.

In the Second Part, we shall give the best Account in our Power, of the demised Estates of the Crown, since the passing of the Act before mentioned, explaining the System of Management, and shewing what they have yielded to the Public.

And in the Third Part, we shall make such Observations as seem calculated to shew the Necessity of an Alteration of the present Plan of Management; and shall, with great Deference, suggest the System, Which, in our humble Opinion, ought to be adopted instead of it.

PART I".

In very early Times, the Rents or Produce of Lands formed the principal Source of the Revenue of the Sovereigns of Europe; but in no other Country can it be so well ascertained as in this, what Share of the Landed Property was allotted for that Purpose.

Domesday Book contains an authentic Account of the Division of all the Lands in England, between the Ring and his Barons, or Tenants in capite. To the Crown were appropriated 1,422 Manors, or Lordships, besides Lands and Farms in Middlesex, Shropshire, and Rutland.

These Estates, which had belonged to Edward the Confessor, and are supposed to have been the Remains of the Property of the Kings of the Heptarchy, constituted what is called the ancient Demesnes of the Crown. To them were added many Quit Rents payable out of other Manors; and the whole Income of William the Conqueror is said, by an Author who lived in the succeeding Reign, to have amounted to 1,061/.* io$. 1 d. per Diem. The Crown had also certain Prerogatives by which Estates in Land were acquired. The Barons, and other Proprietors of Land, were, at the same Time, obliged, by the Conditions of the Feudal Tenures, at their own Charge, to bring out, as a Militia, 60,000 Knights, or Horsemen completely armed, and to attend the King for Forty Days in every Year, in case of Invasion, or domestic Insurrection.

The Intention seems to have been at Once, to set apart an adequate and permanent Provision for the Support of the Dignity of the Crown, and the Defence of the Realm;. and in order that the Revenue might undergo little Alteration, a. Distinction was made, between the antient Demesnes of the Crown, and those which it afterwards acquired by its lucrative Prerogatives, namely by Escheat, Forfeiture, or Feudal Deliriquency. The last, it seems to have been understood, the Sovereign might dispose of at

his PJeasure; but the antient Demesnes, of the Crown, Sir Robert Cottpnsjiys, it was , held impious to alienate.

Our Kings were not, hpwever, absolutely precluded from the Power of disposing of any part of that Estate; but an effectual Remedy for the Abuse of was provided by the Constitution. The King might, at dll Times, make Q rants, which were Valid, and pleadable against him and his Successors; but the Legislative Power Shad an undisputed Right to make them void whenever they were, thought exorbitant; anjd when farther Aids wpfe demanded from. the People, Parliament seldom failed, in antient Times, to resume what had been too lavishly alienated. " Had the " Prince’s Hands," says Davenant, " been absolutely " bound up, then, by Forfeitures, and Attainders, he " must have become Lord of the Soil in a long " Course of Time. The- Constitution, therefore, seeufe " to have left him free, but, upon the tacit Trust, ..that " he should do nothing which might tend to the " Destruction of his Subjects."

No Fear seems to have been eptertained that the Power of the Crown should become , too great, from having an independent Revenue, equal to the Exigencies of the State. There was no Fleet, Arsenal, or Standing Army, at the Command of the King; and though the Proprietors of Land were obliged, by their Tenures, to attend him in Time of War, the Arms were in their own Hands. The principal Expence of the King was occasioned by the Hospitality with which he entertained his Barons, when they attended his great Council, or at Tournaments, and stated Festivals*: They had, therefore, an Interest in supporting the Affluence of the Crown; nor does any Danger to the Rights of private Property, appear to have been apprehended from such Resumptions. The Share of the Landed Property, which ought to be possessed by the Crown, having been determined, the Acceptance of a Grant of any Part of it was thought to be, in some Degree, criminal, and was, sometimes, made punishable. On many Occasions our Ancestors expressed their Desire that the King should " live upon his own, so as not to burthen the " State, nor require any Relief from them."

These Powers of Alienation, and Qf Resumption, were often exercised. The greater Part of the vast Estate settled on the Conqueror was dissipated by his immediate Successor, who was compelled to resume the Grants he had made. In Consequence of similar Profusion, Acts of Resumption Were passed in almost every subsequent Reign, during the 12th, 13th, and 14th Centuries. There were, however, many Exceptions from those Acts. Th,e Revenues of the Crown, accordingly, soon became inadequate to the Support of1 Government; and the Demands for Relief were frequent, but always unpopular, often submitted to with Reluctance and Complaint, and sometiines refused. The Wants of the Crown, consequently, increased, and it often had Recourse to irregular and oppressive Means of supplying the m.

In the Beginning of the 15th Century the Revenues of the Crown were still farther reduced. Henry the IVth was called upon by the House of Commons to resume the Lands, Parcel of the antient Inheritance of the Crown, which had been granted away by Edward III. and Richard II. and to annex those Lands to the Crown for ever. Henry V. had only 56,966 /. a Year; and in the Time of Henry Vi.

A Pound contained, in ilie Time of William the Conqueror, three times the Weight or Quantity of Silver that our present Pound does. 1,0611. 105 1 d. which is about ^.00,000l. per Annum, was therefore equal to 1,200,000l. of our Specie.

Historians differ in the Computations which they make, in comparing the Value of Money then, with its present Value, and conse-

1 t. 4" »f # 1 Vi''* ' j j 1 .* i #' i 1

quenily in the Amount of this Income in modern Money, varying from 5,369,^28/. to 8 or 10 Millions Sterling. Those who wish to investigate this Matter, may do it by comparing the Prices of the Necessaries of Life, mentioned in Domesday Book, with, the -present Prices of the same Articles"

the

Cott. Pos?r. pa. 179.

Davenant r and Reiuicp. pa-278 A: r

Ibid.

Rot.P-i; N°i4.

Christa y, and Whi,.

Rot. Pi-pa. I. N’t: 21 Ri-7 Her 7 Ed?

Daniel, ".

Rot. Pari 1 v N° 100 6 D®, N° u Cott. Posth: ‘ Dav. pi. if Rot Pr t\ H VIN; 19 H.Vl-.V-33 H VI V

1

'0 <. i

it

s it

‘6c

*-ki

k &

t:il;

ti

;ei k

'ari

alt pi* fey at’ yd retin eaay1

?*i

'-ft 4 i'LuiC

i:* d

'.S.0

b

l'L2

:. '6:

i:i: rsa

i-i

te:i X'Z

e,-:t

ar,i

iiic

:v:„: CO# in the t

It*

to

to 2S

V. ii

' it' n.

:0": ;:

32 G.eo. III. 25° Maii 835

i Edw. iv. N« ,the Rent of the Estate of the Crown was reduced to j & Edw. 5,51 / a Year. . It was again increased, by Resomp-iv. ' tions, called for by Parliament during that Reign, Jh?vh?n<»’ ^ose Edward IV. and Henry VII. It was l&\. ’ afterwards still more considerably increased by the Summary of Seizure of the Estates of the Monasteries, in the all the Keli- Reign of Henry VIII. The Annual Income of the fn°Engiande* Religious Houses suppressed by this Monarch ap-and Wales, pears, by, an Account drawn up in .1717, to have of the Disio- amounted to about 273,00 o/.;and itis supposed that lution, pa. 63. those Estates would now yield at least Six Millions

cIaiK*Hist*of ^nnum-

Revenue, Vol. Many Circumstances concurred, during the 15th 1. pa. 114- and 16th Centuries, to render a greatv Change in the

Mode, of providing for the Expences of'Government absolutely necessary.

From the more expensive Mode of carrying on War, which was introduced in consequence of the Use of Fire Arms, and the Establishment of a 1 Royal Navy in the Beginning of the 16 th Century, it must have become evident that the ordinary Revenues of the Crown could not sufficiently provide, for the increased Expense of Government; yet a very long Time elapsed before the proper Means were discovered for suppying the Deficiency.

The System by which Individuals, might be made to contribute to that Expence, in Proportion to their private Fortunes, was not easily formed: There had been little Call for the Investigation of such Subjects; and the Principles:of Taxation were but little known. Frequent and heavy Taxes would, perhaps, have been less willingly submitted to, than those Measures of Henry VIII. which, though more violent and dangerous, brought no immediate Burthens on the People.

For the Management of the vast Property that King 27 Hen. vill. had acquired, various iPlans were adopted. A new cap. 27. Court, called the Court of Augmentations, was erected; 3j Hen. viii. and in a few Years afterwards another, called the Court cap. 39. Qf General Surveyors of the King’s Lands. But this last, which was made a Court of Record, and had a ^Hen *viii 1 Privy Seal, was dissolved by Letters Patent, and a new 3 en' ’ Court of Augmentations was constituted by the same Authority.

The far greater Part of those Estates were, however, alienated by the same King. By numerous and extensive Grants, and by the general Profusion of his Administration, the Exchequer was found in an exhausted Condition, and the Revenues of the Crown reduced to a low State, at the Accession of his Successor.

During the short Reign of Edward VI. the Measures adopted by Henry VIII. of supplying the Public Exigencies, by selling the Lands of the Church, were continued. The Estates belonging to 2,374 Religious Establishments, being all the Chauntries, Free Chapels

1 Ed. vi. cap. and Colleges, in the Kingdom, were, by Act of Parlia-

*4' ment, seized, and given to the Crown; but the Ministers

at the Time are supposed to have profited more than the Crown, by this Pillage of the Church.

2 & 3 P. & M. By the Act of the 2d and 3d Philip and Mary, Par-tap' 4’ sonages Impropriate, Tythes, Glebe Lands, and other

Ecclesiastical Livings, were, on the other Hand, given back to the Church; and it was enacted, That the Payment to the Queen of First Fruits of Spiritual Livings should cease. The Court of Augmentations was, during this Reign, confirmed by Act of Parliament; but wqs afterwards altered, and annexed to the Court of Exchequer; sipce which no Alteration has taken Place.

notwithstanding the frugal Disposition of Queen Elizabeth, and the general (Economy which then pre* vailed in (he Public Expenditure, the Landed Property of the Crown wa? lessened during her Reign, as she disposed of Part of her Domains, in order to avoid the Unpopularity of demanding Supplies from her Subjects.

Vol. 47.

A much greater Reduction Of the Land Estate of the Twelfth Report Crown took Place in the succeeding Reign, in conse- ®" the Land quence of the unbounded Profusion of James I. to his "evenue-Favourites. But though his Grants were lavish and v extravagant, it appears, from many Documents, in the Collection of Papers of Sir Julius Ceesar, lent to us by Mr. Morton Pitt, arid from others in the British Museum, and Surveyor General’s Office, that, during his Reign, very great Attention was given to the Management and Improvement of Estates, while they remained in the Possession of the Crown.

At the Accession of James I. Sir Robert Cotton says, that besides-Places of the King’s Residence, Parks, spacious Wastes, or Forests, all the Lands of the Crown which remained either in the Annexation,

Custody Lands, or Queen’s Jointure, did not exceed 32,000l.; but "that although largely estated out in CottoniPouseveral Natures, 6ome for Lives, some for Years, they h"mawould, one with another, be immediately advanced " to a Treble Rent, if passed in Fee Farm." This would have, been 96,000l. of immediate Rent; but as they were " largely estated out," or, in other Words, generally let for long Terms, Allowance being made on that Account, they must, at that Time, have been of much greater Value.

A Bill was brought into Parliament in the early Part of this Reign, to prevent the future Alienation of the Crown Lands; but though agreed to by the Lords, it 8 May. 7ja.i. was thrown out by the Commons. This Measure is referred to in a Document, intituled, " The Instrument * of Annexation," by which the King affected to entail on the Crown of England, for ever, a certain Part of the Landed Property; and pointed out other Parts of it, which it was his Meaning to dispose df, reserving at the same Time to himself a Power to alienate any of them; a Power which he soon after very liberally exercised, for he raised by the Sale of Lands, during his Reign, no less than 775,000 /. To this Deed or Instrument, under Si rj. Sinclair’s the Great Seal of England, Two Schedules are annexed; the First contains the Names of " the King’s Majesty’s " Castles, Mansion Houses, Parks, Forests, and Chases,

" within the Survey of the Exchequer, and Dutchy of " Lancaster." The other Schedule contains the Names

and Value of all the Manors, &c. annexed to the Crown of England, the Total of which is as follows:

OF Manors, Lands, and Tenements, n 1

within the Survey of the Exche- *' quer - - - 40,054 10 1 |

Of Fee Farms, and Reserved Rents in D* - - - 16,781 12 io|

And of Manors, Lands, and Tenements, within the Dutchy of Lancaster ----- 10,034 — 1

Total - - - £. 66,870 3 1

Besides these, there is in the Surveyor General’s Office, a Schedule, intituled, " A Book, containing the " Names and Values of all the Manors, Lands, and " Tenements, taken out of the Intail, to be disposed " of at His Majesty’s Pleasure;" the Totals of which are 5,717 /. 185. This Schedule bears Date 2d July 1609, and was among the Documents left by Sir Julius Ceesar.

Charles the First, in his Endeavours to support the Expences of his Government, without the Aid of Parliament, sold many of the Estates of the Crown. He borrowed at one Time 320,000l. from the City of London, to enable him to carry on a War with Scotland, giving Security on the Estates of the Crown; and Grants of Lands to Trustees for the City were afterwards made for the Payment of this Money.

Under the Usurpation of Cromwell almost all of the Land Estates of the Crown were sold.

By a Statement, published by Sir John Sinclair, in ®»t. of Re*e-

his nue<

836

25° Mail.

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report his History of the Public Revenue, it appears, that the an Act of Parliament having been found necessary to

on the Land Revenue.

Rent or Yearly Value of those Estates was at that Time 120,000l. and that being sold at 10 Years Purchase, they yielded 1,200,000l.; and that certain Forests and Houses belonging to the Crown were sold for 656,000l.

With a View to this Sale, the Whole of those Estates were vested in Trustees, who were directed to have them surveyed by skilful Men, acting on Oath. — Some of the Surveys then taken have unfortunately been lost, the rest are preserved in the Offices of the Auditor, the Surveyor General, and the Augmentation Office. But immediately after the Restoration, all the Sales which had taken Place during the Usurpation, were 16 July 1660. made void, and the King was declared to be restored Lords Jour- to the Possession of all his Honors, Lands, Rents, and nals, Vol. I. Hereditaments. The Revenue is, however, supposed to have suffered a considerable Diminution by Concealments, and by Forbearance or Favour to

jide Purchasers, and to those who had promoted the Restoration.

A Resumption of all Grants made since May 1642, was proposed in Parliament in 1660: And a Bill for that Purpose w-as brought in by the Commons, and read a First and Second Time; but it did not pass.

4 Sept. 1660.The Revenue of Farms and Rents was at this Time

Commons stated to be 263,598/. from which was to be deducted 45,698/. 18$. 7 d.being casual, and for the most Part lost.

The Nation having become sensible, from the fatal

Pa. 93-

St. John on the Land Revenue.

Journals, Vol. Vi J1 Pa. 150.

render those Rents saleable, the Acts of 22d and 23d Charles II. were obtained, by which the Sales previously made by the King were confirmed, and the Remainder of those Rents were vested in Trustees for Sale.

What Sum was raised by Means of those Sales cannot now be easily discovered, owing partly to the careless and lavish Character of the King; for many Rents were granted away without any valuable Consideration, and without the Deeds being recorded in the Office of the proper Auditor of the Land Revenue, before whom the Rents were in Charge; and it appears from a Report of Lord Hawley, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir William Appwfe Heywood, and Sir John Talbot, who were themselves N*i. Trustees appointed by those Acts, that no exact Account of the Alienations was ever kept, or could even have been made out by them. The Sale was continued, with Intermissions, to the End of the Reign of Queen Amte, and never having been completed, the Act of 26th of 26GeaJi His present Majesty repealed those Acts, and authorized c> 87 us to dispose of all that remained unsold at the Time of our Appointment.

Little Change took place in the Landed Property of the Crown during the Reign of James II.; but it suffered as much Diminution by the Rewards which William III. bestowed on those who had aided in the Resolution, as it had done by the Prodigality of Charles II.

These numerous Alienations of the Royal Domains drew the Public Attention, and gave rise to frequent

Events in the preceding Reign, that a different Provision for the Support of Government was necessary, Proceedings in Parliament, many wise and beneficial Alterations concerning the Various Accounts of the Grants which had been

12 Cha. II. Revenue were made accordingly. The Profits of made since the Restoration were called for, and laid Cap.24. Military Tenures, and the lucrative Prerogatives of before the House; and a Bill was again brought in, Wardship, Marriage, Livery, and of Purveyance and and read a First and Second Time, for the Resutnp-

Pre-emption, were abolished. Some of these, which tion of all Grants of Land and other Revenues of the

in former Times had been the Source of great Op- Crown, made since 1684; and for preventing the pression, had fallen into Disuse during the Suspension farther Alienation of any Part of the Land Revenue. — Blacks tone, of Monarchy; and Parliament settled on the Crown But it appears from Accounts which we shall annex Vol. I. certain Duties, computed to be of the Value of 100,000l. to this Report, that the Rents of the demised Estates

Pa. 287. a Year, in Recompence for the filial Resignation of in England, which, at that Time, remained in the

them. Possession of the Crown, amounted to no more than

482/. 16s. 7

The Death of the King happening at this Time, a Sort of Compromise appears to have taken place between the Ministers, who opposed those Measures, and the Party by which they were supported. The Measure

Commons Journals. Vol. VIIL Pa. 478 &

498.

A Revenue of 1,200,000l. a Year was voted for the King, which was considered as the permanent Peace Hist, of Rev. Establishment; and is the first Time that this Distinction was made.

Among the Funds which composed the permanent Income of the Crown, the Royal Domains were, in of restraining the Crown from making Grants in Fee,

1663, reckoned at 100,000 /. besides the Forest of Dean, was agreed to; but the Bill for resuming former Grants which was stated at 5,000l. and besides all Forests, w'as dropt; and it deserves Notice, that prior to the Parks, and Chases, and such Lands and Rents as had 16th Century, or as long as the Land Revenues of the been alienated by Letters Patent. Crown could be expected, if preserved, to afford a

Though it is probable that the greater Part of the Fund sufficient for the Support of the Expences of Difference between the Statements in 1660 and 1663, Government, Acts of Resumption were common; but was owing to the Grants of Land profusely made by that since that Time no such Measure has ever taken the King, the Amount of those Grants cannot, on this Place. — In the Beginning of the succeeding Reign, the Account, be exactly ascertained, because the first is Civil List Act was passed, which took from the Crown 1 Ami, C.-described to consist of Farms and Rents, which might, the Power of granting Leases of Houses for a longer

perhaps, comprehend Duties let in Farm; whereas the Term than 50 Years, or of Lands for more than 31

last is only Lands and Rents. Years, or Three Lives.

It was again proposed in Parliament, by a Com- As this forms a new iEra in the History of the mittee appointed to consider the State of the Kings Land Revenue, and the Act still remains in Force and Revenue, that an Act should pass for the Resumption unaltered; we shall give, in the Appendix, a Copy of Appendix, of all Grants made since 29th May 1660, for any that Part of it which relates to the Object of our longer Term than One, Two, or Three Lives, or Enquiries.

31 Years, reserving One Half or more of the ini- We have thus briefly traced the most material

proved Value in Rent; and a Bill was brought in, Changes which took Place in the State of the Land and read a First and Second Time, but afterwards Revenue of the Crown, from the Conquest, when it was rejected. fully adequate to all the necessary Expences of Govern-

The permanent Revenue settled on the King, and ment, down to the close of the Reign of William III. all that he had received by the Sale of Landed Pro- when in consequence of the lavish and wasteful Conduct perty, being, however, still unequal to his Expences, of many of our Kings, it had been almost all granted

he was driven to seek Relief from the Sale of Fee away.

Farm Rents, which, to a considerable Value, still Neither the . Doubts, which arose about the Means remained the Property of the Crown; and the Aid of by which the Deficiency should be provided for, after the

15th May 1663.

4)

' Vi

X.

’ X \

N &.

fi

>:‘l;k

'a

hr.

I.J:

vi r;

-its

X J )0!Cj£5

i\m

Mid

ks®

5 din

k

it*.

irn.

lb

ah

32 Geo. III.

25° M

837

: J:ki :.sn nc fe

):;(£ e:2 c :jc,) ilV.! pecs:

reri

,ei;i j e fa '24

m;.

I of i XCc £

X;:

cl £

BISS ieiii nil fi ?5*»

till

onto

pi!f-

Jfdi

; t

'J

the Land Revenue had been reduced, and the Expence of Government had increased, nor the Struggles which took place between the Crown and the People, nor the important Events which ensued, have been here taken Notice of, as not lying within the Limits of our Enquiry. We shall conclude this Part of our Report with observing, that the Crown Lands, while our Kings had the sole Power of disposing of them, were not preserved for the Support of the Dignity of the Crown, or the Expences of Government; but were a Source from which they relieved their own Necessities, and rewarded and enriched their Ministers, and Favourites; and that every Attempt to obtain an Act, by which this Power might be restrained, was opposed by Ministers, as long as those Lands seemed to be of such Value as to deserve Attention; that during the Period we have described, and in consequence of the Circumstances we have mentioned, a very important Change took place in the Nature of the Trust reposed in the Crown, and in the Security preserved by the Subject. In the early Part of that Period, the Crown had an independent Revenue, adequate to all the Expences of Government; but our Ancestors had the Arms in their own Hands. Whereas in the latter Part of it, the Arsenals, Magazines, Fleets, and Armies came necessarily to be entrusted with the Sovereign, while the far greater Part of the Money required for the Support of the Dignity of the Crown, and all that was necessary to provide for the Defence of the Kingdom, was, on the other Hand, kept in the Power of the Subject.

PART II4.

When an Act had passed by which the Crown was deprived of the Power of alienating any Part of its Landed Property, we naturally expected that minute Statemeiiin ol what remained, and w'as to be preserved, would be laid before the Legislature. There had been frequent Attempts during the 17th Century, to obtain an Act of that Kind; and Surveys of all the Crown’s Estates had been made during the I Jsurpation ot Cromwell. It would hardly, therefore, be supposed that, in the short Time which had intervened, either the Value would be lost Sight of, or that the Officers in that Department would, when called upon by Parliament, be found unprepared. It appears from the Journals of the House of Commons, that on the 9U1 of April 1701, and the 13th of February following, the Surveyor General was 47 74a- ordered to lay before the House, " An Account of all

" Lands belonging to the Crown, both in Possession " and Reversion, undisposed of."

No such Account, however, is to be found; and on Reference to the Office of the Surveyor General, we are informed, that on the Receipt of the First Order the Surveyor sent Warrants to the Auditors, and Clerk of the Pipe, for Certificates of the Land Revenue within their Charge; and that an Account was prepared by him to be laid before the House, intituled, " An " Account of Lands, Rents, and Estates, belonging to " the Crown, undisposed of, as far as the Surveyor " General hath obtained Information, by Certificate

7 v

" from the Auditors, or otherwise." Of that Account, which bears Date 16th March 1701, no perfect Copy has been preserved in the Surveyor General’s Office. Some Leaves are wanting of the Draft or foul Copy which remains in that Office, and which we have perused; but it is still more imperfect from the Defect of Information obtained by the Surveyor General. For the Counties of Lincoln, Essex,

Hertford, and Middlesex, the Auditor certified that no particular Rentals had been delivered to him by his Predecessor, so that he could not set forth the particular Rents, but only the gross Charge, with the Yearly Pensions. For the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, he made no other Return, than that no Accounts had Vol. 47.

Commons

Journals,

Vol.XIII.

Appendix,

been made up since 1674, and that he was informed Twelfth Report the Rents unsold would not discharge the Pensions; °"e‘le'*ue'anil

and in that Part of the Account which purports to be v__________’ _____

an Account of such Estates in Jointure to Catharine* Relict of Queen Dowager, who was then living, as had not been Cha.ll. granted away, there is no mention of the Counties of Bucks, Cambridge, Essex, Middlesex, Nottingham, Suffolk, or Warwick, in all which Counties there are valuable Estates now held under Lease from the Crown, which were then in Jointure to the Queen Dowager, and had not been alienated.

From so defective an Account it is obvious that no satisfactory Information could be derived. There were, indeed. Circumstances which rendered it at that Period very difficult to give any distinct Account of the Land Revenue of the Crown. There were then no less than Ten separate Offices or Departments concerned in the Management or Disposal of it, acting independently of each other; namely, those of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, the Seven Auditors of the Exchequer, the C.’lerk of the Pipe, and of the Trustees for the Sale of Fee Farm Rents. Resides these, there was a distinct Set of Officers for the Management of that Part of the Queen Dowager’s Jointure, which was granted out of the Land Revenue, consisting of Manors, Lands, and Rents, of the Value of about 30,000l. per Annum, the actual Possession Commons and Management of which, with the Surveys, Rentals, y°"nht!j’, and Documents concerning them, were transferred to p" '2y8 the Queen and her Trustees, and remained out of the View and Controul of the Officers of the Exchequer for upwards of Thirty Years. During that Period, a Practice prevailed of making Reversionary Grants of Parts of the Queen’s Jointure, to commence at her Death; and though there existed in the Surveyor General’s Office Accounts of the Land Revenue settled q^I »# on the Queen, yet many of those Grants, as well as of jojntUre. other Parts of the Land Revenue, between the Restoration and the Death of King William, having passed without any Reference to the Surveyor General, and some of them having been omitted to be inrolled with the Auditors, those Officers must, in many Instances, have been left without Information what Estates really belonged to the Crown, and what had been granted away.

'l he Difficulty to ascertain the Amount of the Land Revenue which belonged to the Crown at the beginning of the present Century, is naturally much increased by the Lapse of Time since. We issued our Precepts, however, to the Auditors, desiring that they might endeavour to do it by every Means in their Power; and they have with very great Labour and Assiduity compiled, from the Accounts of the different Receivers about that Time, the Account N° 4. in the Appendix, Appendix containing a State of the Rents of the Land N"4. Revenue, as given in Charge upon or immediately after the Death of the Queen Dowager in 1705, from soDee.ijos, which Period we thought it proper to commence our O. s. Examination concerning this Part of the Revenue, as the Remainder of the Lands and Rents settled on that Queen, which had not been granted away in Reversion during her Life, then reverted to the Crown, and were again put under the Management of the Odicers of the Exchequer.

The Rents of the Land Revenue, except those called Viscontiel Rents, w'ere then, as they now are, in Charge before Three Auditors (to which Number the Seven Auditors of the Exchequer were reduced in the Year 1706); viz. One for the Four Counties of Chester,

Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham; another for all the remaining Counties in England, except Monmouth; and a Third for the Principality of / with Monmouth; and the Rents in those Divisions are collected and accounted for by Thirteen Receivers, of which Eleven were for the English Counties, and Two for North and South Wales. The Viscontiel Rents are

10 D in

338

25° Maii. A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

in Charge in the Pipe, and are collected and answered __ by the Sheriffs.

The Rents in the Collection of the Receivers for the English Counties are classed under Three general Heads or Titles, namely, " Yearly Revenue, Queen " agers Jointure, and New Rents." The First com-

prehends that Part of the Land Revenue which was not included in the Settlements on Queen Catharine, but remained in the Possession of the Crown during her Life Time. The Second, as the Title expresses, consists of the Queen Dowager’s Jointure, or rather that Remnant of it which had not been alienated before the passing of the Act of the 1st of Queen Anne; and the Third comprizes New Rents, reserved either by Lease, or in Perpetuity, in lieu of, or in Addition to, other Rents formerly payable for the same Estates, and comprized under One of the preceding Heads; and also Rents reserved for Estates newly granted, and for which no Rent had been before reserved.

The Rentals and Accounts kept in those Offices, and the Inrollments, and other Documents, from which they are compiled, being considered as Matter of Record, it appears to have been a Rule of Office not to strike out any Rent once inserted in the Charge, without some Record or Document of equal Validity to authorize the discharging it; and hence it happened that many of the Fee Farm Rents sold by the Trustees under the Acts of 22d and 23d Charles II. were afterwards continued in Charge by the Auditors, the Deeds of Sale not having been inrolled before them. It has been also the Practice, when Rents have been granted for Terms of Years, or Lives, or in Fee Tail, to continue such Rents in Charge, though they ceased to be

payable to the Crown, in order to keep the Reversionary Right of the Crown in View, and prevent Concealment or holding over, after the Determination of the Grants. The Rents of all these Descriptions are, of course, constantly deducted, or allowed, in the Discharge of the Accounts, where they are entered under the Titles of Rents alledged to be sold, Rents granted away, Rents exonerated, and desperate and illeviable Rents and Arrears, which latter are also called Supers.

The Land Revenue is charged with certain Annual Payments, denominated " Perpetual Pensions," consisting of numerous small Pensions, Stipends, and Allowances, to Colleges, Schools, and Hospitals, and other Payments, of an eleemosinary Nature. Most of these are of very antient Date, and were confirmed and established by the Act of 2 2d Charles II. for the Sale of Fee Farm Rents; in pursuance of which Act, by a Deed, dated 3d June 1677, a certain Portion of those Pension Rents was set apart by the Trustees, and excepted from Dte(1' Sale, as a Provision and Security for the perpetual Payment of those Charges. The Rents so set apart have nevertheless continued to be received, and accounted for as Part of the Land Revenue; and the Pensions charged on them are paid by the Receivers, by virtue of Debentures from the Auditors. The Pensions pro- Append vided for by the Pension Deed amounted to 2,624/. ^*5 m. 7id. per Annum; some of which have ceased, in Consequence of the Discontinuance of the Schools, Chapels, or other Foundations, to which they were payable; and others have been added, as specified in the List annexed. The Pensions now payable amount to 2,614/. 6s. $d. per Annum.

1706.

Appendix,

N*4-

The Rents in Charge before the Auditors of the several Counties of at the Period before-mentioned, amounted to the gross Sum of But in that Total were included Rents sold or granted away -And illeviable Arrears ——

These being deducted, reduced the Sum of receivable Rents to -Out of which were paid or allowed for perpetual Pensions -Other constant Yearly Payments charged thereon -Fees and Wages to the Auditor, Receivers, Collectors, Stewards, and Bailiffs ——

And Land Tax on the Rents received, about ——

£. s. d.

« 13,569 5 6

9,404 16 H

2,550 11 1

1,046 18 if

1,307 18 5»

1,051 3 8|

£. s. d. 29,807 19 6f

22,974 1 71

6,833 *7 *t

5,956 11 4f

Leaving as the Net Annual Produce to the Crown

877 6 Gf

The Revenue of the Hospital of the Savoy, which came to the Crown on its Dissolution, in the First Year of Queen Anne, and at that Time produced in Rent the clear Sum of 369/. ioj. id. per Annum, is included in the preceding Account. The Net Produce therefore of this Part of the Land Revenue, at the Death of King William, was only 482/. i6j. 7 id. per Annum.

The Viscontiel Rents in Charge in the Great Roll of the Pipe, prior to the Sale of the Fee Farm Rents In Surveyor in the Reign of Charles II. were certified by Sir General’s Of- bert Croke, Clerk of the Pipe, in 1661, to amount to

ice‘ 8,765/. 5 s. b^d. per Annum; whereof 4,046/. os. 1

were stated to be assigned to the Queen (

Relict of rietta Maria) for her Jointure. A farther Sum of Cha. I. 2,294/. igs. 3d. out of the Rents in Charge in the Pipe, was settled on Queen Catharine, as Part of her Jointure. The Rents which remained in Charge, and unalienated, in the Year 1701 (exclusive of what were so settled) were certified by the Clerk of the Pipe Appendix, to amount to 419/. 19s. 2 besides a Rent of

N° 6. 2,276/. for the Farm of the Post Fines, which were

then in Lease for a Term of Years. After the Death of Queen Catharine, sundry Rents in Charge in the Pipe, to the Amount of 207/. 14$. id. per An-

num reverted to the Crown, being all that remained unalienated of the Viscontiel Rents included in the Queen’s Jointure; and those Two Sums, making together 627/. 13s. 3 id. per Annum, are the Amount of the Viscontiel Rents which remained undisposed of in 1705.

The Rents reserved on Leases, as well as the Fee Farm and unimproveable Rents, are comprized in the foregoing Statements: But as the Accounts from which they are taken do not distinguish the Leasehold Rents from the rest, nor contain any Particulars of the Value of the Estates then held under Lease from the Crown; and as it is particularly desirable to ascertain what Portion of demisable Land Revenue remained unalie-nated at that Period, we required to be furnished with that Information from the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands. The Account we have before spoken of, as having been prepared to be laid before Parliament in 1701, being so defective that no Reliance could be placed on it, the Particulars we desired could not be obtained in any other Way than by first ascertaining every Addition which has been made to the demised Land Revenue, since the Accession of Queen Anne, and separating those Additions from the other Part of the Revenue belonging to the Crown

at

25° Mail 839

at the present Time; and then referring back to the Surveys and Accounts of prior Date, to ascertain the estimated Value of the latter at that Period, as well as Appendix, the Rents reserved by the then subsisting Leases. This 7- has been done; and from the annexed Account it appears that the estimated Yearly Value of all the demised Estates in the English Counties remaining undisposed of at the Death of the Queen Dowager was 53,366/. 12s. and that the reserved Rents payable to the Crown for the same, were of the Annual Amount of 3,296/. 4s. 8 the greatest Part of which Estates had been granted by Charles II. and William III. for 99 Years, or other long Terms, which were then outstanding, under small or merely nominal Rents, and some even without the Reservation of any Rent.

Such was the State of the Crown Lands and Rents at the Commencement of the present Century, when Parliament thought fit to restrain the farther Alienation of this Branch of the Royal Revenue. We shall now give a very brief View of its Produce and Increase in Value, from the Time of the Queen Dowager’s Decease, to the End of the Reign of his late Majesty.

We must here observe, that whatever Improvement is Twelfth Hcpo-t at any Time made on any Estate held under Lease from ®n l,ie Land the Crown, no Account of it appears in the Offices con- enl^ cerned in the Management of the Land Revenue, until a Renewal of the I ease is applied for. An Enquiry into the Value then becomes necessary, for the Purftose of setting a Fine for the new Lease; but no Survey or Examination into the Condition of the Estates being made at intermediate Times, no Variation appears in the Ao counts returned to us of the Value of the demised Estates at different Periods, with respect to such as have not been in a Course of leasing since the Death of the Queen Dowager.

It would be more a Matter of Curiosity than Use, to trace minutely the Increase in the Annual Value of the Estates, or the reserved Rents. It may be sufficient here to observe, that at the Death of the late King, the Yearly Value of the demised Revenue had risen from 53,366/. 12*. 1 d. 1078,049/. 7*. 8 and the Rents Appendix, reserved on the Leases thereof from 3,296/. 4*. 8 to N° 8. 10,000l. 4*. 2d. and to state the progressive Advance in the Fines during that Period.

Per Annum. For Houses. For Lands.

For the First Ten Years, from the Queen Dowager’s-] Death to 17151 the Average Amount was no more than - -J £. s. d. 675 10 4 £.s. d. £.s. d.

Of which the Proportions were - - 220 13 — 454 17 4

In the next Twenty Years, from 1715 to 1735, the'] Average Produce of the Fines was - - -J 2,918 11 11 1,825 10 11 1,093 1 ~

From 1735 to 1755 4»294 2 11 1,43.5 7 1 2,858 15 10

And from 1755 to 1760 - - - 5.382 4 ~ 1,377 4,005 4 —

N* 9,10.

In the whole Period of 55 Years, from the 20th December 1705, to die 25th of October 1760, the Amount of Fines was 177,921/. 3*. and the Average Yearly Produce 3,234/. 17 j.; the respective Proportions of which were 1,351/. 1 s. for Houses, and 1,883/. 16*. for Lands.

The Augmentation in the Land Revenue during that Period arose partly from new Accessions to the demised Revenue, by granting Leases as well of Ground and Buildings which belonged to the Crown before 1705, but had not then been in Lease, as of Estates which came to the Crown after that Time, by Escheat or Forfeiture; and partly from the gradual Increase in the Value of Landed Property in general. But it is principally to be accounted for from the falling in of the Leases of that Part of the Crown’s Estate which is called the Bailiwick of Saint James, (consisting of about Fifteen hundred Houses in the Parish of Saint , and other Parts of the Liberty of Westminster) and by Improvements made by building upon the Scite of the Palace of Whitehall, and other Parts of the Crown’s Estate in and about Westminster. By Means of those Improvements the Property of the Crown, in Houses, is become of very great Value, and constitutes, at this Time, the most considerable Part of the demised Revenue.

The greatest Part of the Bailiwick of James w'as granted by Charles II. to Trustees for his Son the Earl of Saint Albans, for Two separate Terms, which

expired in the Years 1734 and 1740; and the Ground having been parcelled out by the Grantee, and sold to Builders, and others, for the Whole of his Terms, separate Leases were afterwards granted by the Crown to the Purchasers, reserving, as Ground Rents, an Eighth Part of the Yearly Value of the Houses, and taking Fines for the surplus Value. Another Part of the same Estate reverted to the Crown in 1722, and was leased out under similar Ground Rents. The Rents which commenced in 1722 amounted to 194/., those com-

Vol. 47.

mencing in 1734 to 364/., and those in 1740 to 2,544/., making 3,112 /. per Annum. The Value of the Houses, according to that Rule, must then have been estimated at about 24,896 / per Annum.

The Increase in the Rents reserved on Leases, which we have stated to have risen, between the Years 1706 and 1760, from 3,296/. 4s. 8 to 10,000l. 4*. 2d. ascertains the whole Advance in the Annual Rental during that Period; for no Increase could be made in the Fee Farm Rents, which are fixed and uniin-proveable. The Net Produce of the Rents, of both Descriptions, in the English Counties, during the same Period, gradually rose from 877/. 6*. to 3,400l. 1 *.

can be stated from the Materials we are\ possessd of, wras -J

Which, with the Average Yearly Amount-] of the Fines during the same Time, > being - '

Makes the whole Net Produce of the"! Land Revenue in Engfrom 17061

to 1760, communibus Annis

-J

£. s. d.

2,439 6 5

3,234 17 —

5,674 3 5

Appendix,

11.

In every Reign antecedent to the present, the Land Revenue constituted Part of the Fund appropriated to the Support of the Civil Establishment. On His Majesty’s Accession, a different Arrangement took Place; and by the Act then passed for the Support of 1 Goo. III. the Royal Household, " the Revenue arising to the ’

" Crown by Rents of Lands, and F’ines for Leases of " the same," except the Revenue of the Dutchy of Cornwall, was directed, during His Majesty’s Life, to be carried to and made Part of the General or Aggregate Fund established by an Act of the First Year of King George the First; except the Charges of Management, and also except such Revenues, Rents, or Hereditaments, as had been granted to any Person in pursuance of

25® Mali.

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report of any Act of Parliament, and all Charges of Annuities, might be expected to produce, would have been laid

r% # n A I #i n /I C _ . 11 1 f* 1 A & 1 T\ 1 a 1 1 / 1 PT^ f

on the Land Revenue.

Appendix, I*0 12.

Appendix, N° 8.

Appendix,

N* 13-

Appendix, N« 14.

Doddridge IIiit- Wale*, Pa. 12.

or Sums of Money, made or allowed of by any Act of Parliament.

It was natural to expect, that when the Land Revenue was about to be transferred from the Crown to the Public, some Account of the Income which had arisen from it, or some Estimate or Computation of what it

From the Returns made to us by the Auditors for the English Counties, we learn that the Rents in Charge before them at the Time of His Majesty’s Accession (including those reserved on Leases) £. s. d.

amounted to-.....- 31,541 1 4*

before Parliament. As we have found no Traces of such an Account, we have thought it our Duty to endeavour to ascertain the Value of the Land Revenue at that Period, what it has produced since, and in what Manner that Produce has been applied or disposed of.

In which Sum were comprized, Rents sold and granted away -And illeviable Arrears -

£. s. 8,986 18 9,223 13

d.

i4-

9 i

The Amount of the Rents deemed receivable was therefore -

The constant Payments and Deductions out of those Rents were;

Perpetual Pensions 0 -

Salaries to Keepers of Prisons, Forest Officers, and others Fees and Wages to Auditors, Receivers, Stewards, and Collectors Land Tax on the Rents received ——

£. s. d. 2,567 15 5 i 1,165 19 11 i 2,039 1 8 i

2,219 3 4

Net Annual Produce in Rent

The annexed Account, transmitted to us from the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, in pursuance of our Precept, states the Annual Value of the demised Revenue in the English Counties in October 1760, according to the Surveys and Accounts in that Office, to have been 78,049/. 7 8 per Annum, and

For Houses ——

Lands -

18,210 12 8f

i3,33 8 8

7,992 — 51

5,338 8 2 *

the Amount of the Rents reserved by the Leases thereof 10,000l. 4 s.2 d.as hath been before observed; and the Amount of the Fines for Crown Leases in,

from the 25th October 1760 to the End of the Year 1786, was 183,995/. 17 j. 4 viz.

Gross Amount.

- £ 56,538 13 4

- 127,457 4 —

Yearly Average.

£. 2,174 n 3

4,902 13 9

Total - - £. 183,995 17 4 £-7,077 5 —

A State of the Amount of the Rents within the Divisions of the Two Auditors of the English Counties, and of the Charges thereon, as they stood at Michaelmas 1786, is inserted in the Appendix.

As the frequent Additions to the Rents of the demised Estates on the one hand, and the Variations in the Land Tax on the other, occasion a Fluctuation in the Income; and as there are also considerable and increasing Arrears, even on those deemed good Rents, we required from the Auditors, as the most effectual Method of ascertaining the real Produce of the Rents since 1760, an Account of all Debentures paid by the Receivers General, by virtue of Warrants from the Treasury, out of Monies arising from that Revenue from His Majesty’s Accession to the End of the Year 1786, when the Sale of the Fee Farm Rents began. The Amount of those Debentures was 161,878/. 18$. 6± d.;and the Balance then remaining in the Hands of the Receivers, was 3,848/. 7 s-3d. The actual Produce in Rent during these 26 Years was therefore

165,727/. 5s. gd. or, One Year with another ——

Which, with the Average Yearly Amount of Fines for Leases in the same Counties, being -

Makes the Net Annual Receipt from the Land Revenue in England, in Charge before the Auditors ——

To which it is to be added a Rent of 1,200l. a Year for Midgrave Estate in Yorkshire, in Charge in the Pipe, but paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and reduced by the Deduction of Land Tax, at 4$. per £. to -

Total Average Produce

6,374 2 7,077 5

13,451 7 6

960 ——

14,411 7 6

The Land Revenue belonging to the Crown in JValesappears to have been formerly of much greater Value than it now is. Sir John Doddridge, One of the Justices of the King’s Bench in the Reign of James the First, in his History of the Principality of Wales, states, on the Authority of a Survey made in the 5th of Edward III. (1377) that frie Produce thereof, on a Medium of three Years Receipt, was

In North Wales ——

In Flintshire (there stated as Part of the Earldom of Chester) In South Wales ——

3,041

242

1,730

s.

7

19

4

d:

6*

5

nf

Together -

£. 5,214 11 101

An

ft

32 Geo. III.

25" Maii.

841

’377-

Chronicon ' Pretiosum. ( Pa. 77.

Doddridge, tit, P*> *7 &76-

! 5

Doddridg*.

i Geo. I. C. 37.

: as ?ial lea

ij.U

VC,*

i:

Doddridge, pa. 35-

An Annual Income of that Amount, according to the comparative Value of Money at the Time of taking the Survey, was at least equal to a Revenue of 40,000l. per Annum at the present Time. This however was only that Part of the Revenue which was settled on the Prince of Wales; and did not comprize all the Crown’s Landed Property within the Principality, which may be presumed to have been of much greater Value, as neither of the Counties of Glamorgan or Monmouth, nor any more of Pembrokeshire than the Profits of Courts of Haverford, are mentioned in the Account given by Sir John Doddridge.

It has been imagined by some, that the Land Revenue in Wales appertains to the Princes of Wales in Right of that Dignity: But this appears to be an erroneous Opinion: It is Part of the Hereditary Revenue of the Crown; and whenever the Princes of Wales have been possessed of a Landed Estate in the Principality, it has always been by virtue of some special Charter or Grant from the Crown, entirely distinct from the Patent of Creation, by which the Title and Dignity of Prince of Wales is conferred. The last Grant of that Nature was made in the 1st of George the First, to the late King, when Prince of Wales, by virtue of a special Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose. On the Determination of that Grant, by the King’s Accession to the Throne, the Revenues of course merged again in the Crown.

The principal Part of the Land Revenue in Wales arises from Annual Fee Farm Rents, payable out of Estates held under Grants from the Crown, and Quit Rents due from the Proprietors of Estates within certain Manors, Lordships, and Hundreds belonging to the Crown; which Rents are collected by the Reeves or Bailiffs of those Manors, Lordships, or Hundreds, and paid by them in a gross Sum for each, at the Annual Audits. There is besides a particular Kind of Rents, called Comorthas, payable every Second,

Third, or Fourth Year, in some of the Counties of South W[lies, out of Estates for which Annual Rents are also payable.

One Species of Revenue, called Mises, seems to be peculiar to the Principality of Wales, and County of Chester. Sir John Doddridge says, the Mises were Sums of Money granted by the People on the Creation of every new Prince, and were paid to him for his Allowance of their Laws and antient Customs, and for a general Pardon of their Offences fineable or punish-

North Wales Receipt

Disbursements -

4th Apr.

1 Hen. VII.

able by the Prince; and in a Debate in the House of Commons in 1696, it was said by Mr. Griffith , Commons afterwards a Baron of the Exchequer, that Mises were Debate*, payable to the Prince of Wales, on his Creation, out of Va°1-11 * Estates in Denbighshire. But m a Commission issued p '1 in the 1st of Henry the Seventh, for levying the Mises in North Wales and Chester, they are described to be due, by the Royal Prerogative, to the Kings of England, on their Accession to the Throne. This is also confirmed by an Account dated James I. of the Mises in North and South Wales, which are there expressed to be due to the King, on his coming to the Crown of England; and it is remarkable, that there was not a Prince of Wales at either of those Periods; for Prince Arthur was not created Prince of Wales until the 5th Henry VII. and Prince Henry not until the 8th of James I. Esther, therefore, Mises were payable both to the Kings of England on their Accession, and to the Princes of Wales on their Creation; or, which seems most probable, the Mises due to the Crown having, in some Instances, been granted to the Princes of Wales, with other Revenues in the Principality, it has from thence been supposed that they were due to the Princes in their own Right.

The Account we have mentioned, in 4th James I. specifies the Sum of the Mises charged on each County, the Times of Payment, how much had then been paid- by each, and what remained due. The Total for North and South Wales was 5,653/. 115. 11 of which there had been collected 3,765/. 19s.: and in another Paper of the same Period, corresponding with the former, as to the Amount of the Mises in Wales, those in Cheshire are stated to be 2,000 /. Of these curious Papers, which we obtained from the State Paper Office, Copies are inserted in the Appendix. The Mises were not always of the same Amount.

Those for Carmarthen are mentioned by Doddridge Doddridg?, (referring to an Account in 16th Edward IV.) to be pa-35-800 Marks, or 533/. 6s. 8 d.for ;and for Cardigan 600 Marks, or 400l. In the 4th of James I. the Sums charged on those" Counties were 495 /. 5 s.8 d.and 355/. 12 s.4 We have not met

with any Account of the Payment of Mises since that Period.

The earliest Account we could obtain from the Auditor’s Office, of the whole of the Crown Land Revenue in both Divisions of the Principality is for the Year 1689, of which the following is an Abstract.

Appendix, N» 15.

South Wales Receipt

Disbursements

£. s. d.

3,399 1 9i 2,002 14 6

3,599 12 H 3,054 9 1 *

i,396 7 3i

Net Produce -

505 3 7 £. 1,901 10 io£

Cfffe

4

k* *

9 June, 6 W. & M.

No Part of the Land Revenue in Wales was settled on either of the Two Queens, Henrietta Maria, or Catharine: And when the Act of the 22d Charles II. was passed, for Sale of the Fee Farm Rents belonging to the Crown, those in Wales were excepted from Sale. There were, however, great Alienations of Lands in Wales made during the last Century, particularly by Charles the First; and in the Reign of William III. when as we have shewn above, the Net Produce of the whole Revenue was barely 1,900 /. per Armum, a Grant of 2,000l. a Year (in Two Annuities of 1,200l. from North Wales, and 800l. from South Wales) was made to Henry de Nassau Signor d'Auver-querque(an Ancestor of Earl Cooper) and his Heirs, for ever, charged on all the Lands, Rents, and Revenues in each Division respectively. A Warrant Vol. 47.

was also made out in 1696, for another Grant of the Commons extensive Manors of Denbigh, Bromfield, and Yale, to Vol^xi’ be made to the Earl of Portland, for ever. But many pa. 390. of the Gentlemen of Wales, alarmed at this Proceeding, petitioned the House of Commons to interfere to prevent the passing of that Grant; and the House having addressed the King upon it, the Grant was stopped.

The best Account we can give of the Revenue in Wales, which remained undisposed of at the Time of passing the Act of 1st of Queen Anne, is an Extract from the Account mentioned in a former Part of this Report to have been prepared by the Surveyor General to be laid before the House of Commons in 1701; in which it is stated, on the Authority of a Certificate from the Auditor, that

10 E In

Appendix, JN° 16.

23° Mail.

A. im

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue*

In North Wales,

The Annual Receipts were -And the Disbursements

£r Sr dr

3,3*° 3 9 J *,95* *4 5 4

£. s.

407 9 31

In South Wales,

The Annual Receipts Disbursements -

So that the Net Receipt of both Divisions appeared to be -

3,436 4 64 2,699 16 44

----- — 1 ' 736 8 2 4

£r 1,143 »7 Gi

14 July 1703-

Appendix, N° 17.

In this Account, however, no Deduction was made for Land Tax, which then amounted to 916/. 8$. jd. So that upon the Whole, the Receipts were little more than sufficient to defray the Annual Charges; and we find that the Salaries of the Judges, amounting to 1,390/. per Annum, were shortly afterwards directed, by Privy Seal, to be paid out of the Exchequer.

A Reference to the annexed Representation to the Lords of the Treasury from the Auditor of Wales, in the Year 1764, and the Correspondence between him and other Persons employed in the Collection of that Revenue (from which it appears that no regular Account had been passed by any Receiver of North Wales

and Chester for 53 Years) will serve to convey some Idea of the Management which prevailed in that Department for a great Part of the present Century, and may account for the Difficulty there is of obtaining any satisfactory Statement of the Produce of this Revenue prior to the Year 1760.

On His Majesty’s Accession, when the Produce of Append the Land Revenue in Wales, as well as in England, was N't-transferred to the Aggregate Fund, the State of that Revenue, according to the annexed Account returned to us by the Auditor, pursuant to our Precept, was as follows:

In NORTH WALES:

£. s. d.

Annual Revenue - 3,305 11 5 1

Casual Revenue of Sheriffs Fines, Perquisites of Courts, Profits of Mines, and

New Rents - - - 34 6 1

3,339 *7 7 t

Charge of Offices, Pensions, and Land Tax ----- -- 2,451 7 44

Apparent Surplus - - 888 10 2-J

Rents returned in Arrear - 696 14 10 f

Real Surplus - - £. 191 15 4 4

In SO UTH WALES,

£. s. d.

The Annual Revenue was ---- - - - - 3,232 9 104

Casual Revenue in Comorthas, Sheriffs Fines, and Profits of the Judicial Seal - 1 jo 4 1

„ , 3,342 13 114

Charge of Offices, Pensions, and Land Tax - 2,777 11 11

Apparent Surplus - - 565 2 — £

Rut the Rents returned in Arrear in this Division, being - 1,052 19 3

There was in Fact a Deficiency of - £. 487 17 3

Among the Charges paid out of the Revenue of Wales having been more neglected, and suffered to South Wales in 1761, was a Salary of 240/. per Annum run more in Arrear, became unequal to the Discharge for an Office called the Register of the Crown Lands, of the Payments with which it is burthened. By a which has been since abolished. By the Discontinu- similar Return of the State of this Revenue, made up Appwii ance of that Charge, and a more active Collection of to Michaelmas 1786, immediately before the Sale of N*i). the Rents, the Revenue of South Wales has been ren- the Fee Farm Rents began, it appealed to stand dered capable of defraying the Charges upon it, and thus: affording some Surplus. But the Revenue in North

NORTH

NORTH HALES:

Annual Revenue ——

Salaries, Pensions, and Land Tax -

Rents in Arrear.....-

Deficiency per Ann.

SOUTH WALES:

Annual Revenue, including Comorthas Salaries, Pensions, and Land Tax -Arrears ——

Surplus

843

£.s. d. 3,775 19 8i 891 1 4 £. s. d. 3,442 8 84. Q I -1

224 12 4

3,452 2 8-4

2,896 5 Hi

292 6 1

3,188 12 — 4

£. 263 10 74-

Twelfth Report on the Land Rerennv.

In order to give as distinct a View as possible of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Land Revenue in Wales, from His Majesty’s Accession to the Commencement of our Enquiry, we desired, from the Auditor’s Office, an Abstract of the Amount of the fixed

and casual Revenue in each Division, and of the Payments and Charges defrayed thereout, from Michaelmas 1760 to Michaelmas 1786. From this Abstract we Appendix, are enabled to state, that the Receipts and Payments

N" 10.

during those 26 Years were as follows:

In NORTH

Fixed Annual Revenue Casual Revenue Fines of Leases

Arrears....

Land Tax allowed on the Rents received

Actual Receipt

Which Sum was thus paid and applied:

Pension of 1,200l. to the Heirs of Lord Auverquerque (in Part of 31,200 /. for 26 Years, the Remainder being in Arrear) -Other Annual Pensions, Stipends, Fees, and Wages -Fines of leases paid into the Exchequer (the Residue having been paid to the Receiver General, in Aid of the Annual Revenue) -Applied in Aid of the Revenue of Chester ——

Balance then in the Receiver’s Hands

Which Balance, if applied towards discharging the Arrear of the Pension to the Heirs of Lord Auverquerque, being ——

Would leave a Deficiency of

In SOUTH WALES:

Fixed Annual Revenue Casual Revenue Fines of Leases

Arrears Land Tax

Actual Receipt

Which was paid and applied as follows:

Pension of 8001, to the Heirs of Lord for 26 Years, in full

Other Annual Pensions, Stipends, Fees, and Wages -Fines of Leases paid into the Exchequer - -

D* to the Surveyor General of the Woods (the Residue being paid to the Receiver General) ——

£. s. d.

24,589 19 24 11,518 12 54.

25,700 ——

26,685 6 64.

75 ——

943 19 — 4-

£. s. d.

88,234 13 H

1,460 1 6-j-

1,965 ——

6,724 9 6-4 14,815 17 104

20,800 ——

43,952 io 8± 600 ——

210 ——

Clear Surplus remaining in the Receiver’s Hands at Michaelmas 1786 -

Vol. 47.

91,659 14 84

36,108 11 8

55,55» 3 — t

53,404 5 7

2,146 17 5t 5,500 ——

3,353 2 6-2-

86,843 18 64 3,325 8 84:

946 ——

9»,115 7 3

21,540

69,574 19 10

65,562 10 84

4,012 9 H

It

25" Maii. , A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

A ppendix, N°21

It appears from hence that the Sum of 675^ onty> arising from Fines of Leases, was> paid into the Exchequer, from the Revenue of Wales, dunng those Twenty-six Years. And though the Payments in North Wales so far exceed the Produce of the Revenue, there have not been any new Burthens charged on it, except a Sum of 120/. payable out of each Division, for the Accommodation of the Judges, by Direction of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of His Majesty’s Reign. The Deficiency has arisen altogether from the Neglect and Mismanagement in the Collection. The Arrears which had accrued since 1760 on this small Revenue amounted, in 1786, to no less than 31,314/. 8s. which Circumstance

alone points out the Necessity of greater Exertion and more attentive Management. Attempts have been made at different Times, since His Majesty’s Accession, to reform those Abuses, but not being persevered in, they have not been attended with any good Consequences; and, unless some effectual Methods shall be speedily taken to prevent it, there is every Reason to apprehend that the Whole of this Revenue will in Time be lost.

The Annuities granted to Lord Cmvpers Ancestor being charged in separate Sums on the Two Divisions, viz. 1,200l. on North Wales, and 800l. on South Wales, the Arrears due from One Division cannot be defrayed out of the other. The Application of this Revenue to other Purposes, before the Annuities charged on it are satisfied, cannot but be considered as an Injustice to the Parties entitled to those Annuities; and we think, that, in Fairness, the Sums which have been drawn

from the Revenue of North Wales, in Aid of that of Chester, ought to be repaid out of the Land Revenue in England, and applied in Payment of the Arrears now due. At the same Time we think it.our Duty to observe, that these Annuities have hitherto been paid without auy Deduction for Land Tax, although the Land Tax Act directs, that all Persons having " any Annuity, Pension, " Stipend, or other Yearly Payment out of the Receipt " of the Exchequer, or out of any Branch of His Majesty’s Revenue in England, Wales, or Berwick," shall be charged with the Land Tax for such Annuity, and authorizes the Receivers to stop it, if it be not otherwise paid. The Deduction of Land Tax out of these Annuities seems the more equitable, not only as the Parties would have been liable to it, if Lands or Rents had been specifically granted in lieu of those Rent Charges, but because that Deduction is actually allowed to the King’s Tenants, out of the Rents from which they are payable. How far it may be legal or equitable to make the Non-payment of the Land Tax for the Time past a Set-off against the Arrears now due to the Annuitants, it is not for us to determine j but we have deemed it incumbent on us to bring the whole Matter under Consideration at this Time, when the exhausted and incumbered State of that Part of the Revenue requires every Aid that can properly be applied to it.

Having stated the Value and Produce of the Land Revenue in England and Wales separately, from the Commencement of His Majesty’s Reign to the End of the Year 1786, it may be proper to bring the Whole into One Point of View.

The Amount of the Rents (including those reserved on Leases) in Charge before the Auditors of the English Counties, at Michaelmas 1760, exclusive of Arrears and Rents granted away, but without £. s. d. deducting Land Tax, Expences of Management, or other Charges thereon, vvas - 13,330 8 8

Those in Wales, at the same Period, exclusive of Arrears and Casual Revenue, were - - 4,798 7 2

£. 18,128 15 10

I he estimated Yearly Value of the demised Estates in the English Counties in 1760, including those in Charge in the Pipe, we have stated at - - >. „ _ .

And the reserved Rents thereof at....

The Value of the demised Estates in Wales, at that Period, was

And the reserved Rents....

£. s.

10,000 4 444 9

10,444 13

d.

2

2

£. s. d.

78,049 7 8

1,113 8 9

79,162 16 5

And in 1786, the State of the estimated Value of the demised Revenue, and the Rents reserved thereon, was

In England -Wales - - - - m - - - £. Estimated Yearly Value. 100,529 12 5 1,287 19 2 Reserved Rents. 10,664 14 4 534 7

£. 101,817 11 7 11,198 17 11

first Report. A general Schedule of the demised Estates was annexed to our First Report; and an Abstract of the estimated Value of them, shewing the Amount in each County, and what Portion thereof will Annually fall into Hand by Appendix, the Expiration of the present subsisting Leases, is inserted in the Appendix.

N 22‘ The Net Produce of the Rents in the English Counties, from 1760 to 1786,

is before stated at ——

The Fines for Leases in those Counties, during the same Period -Fines in Wales - -- -- -£ 2,775.

whereof paid into the Exchequer ——

and to the Surveyor of the Woods.....-

and the Residue to the Receivers General.

Net Produce of Rents and Fines, paid to the Receivers General of North Wales - Nil.

South Wales - - - - -.....4,012 9 ii

Rents of Lands and AUum Works, paid into the Exchequer.....25,619 a 5

N° 23-

Total Net Produce of Rents and Fines in and Wales,\

from 1760 to 1786 -

Being, communibus Antiis

£. 4. d.

»65,727 5 9 1 *3,995 17 4

675 ——

210 — r-

380,239 14 7$

14,624 12 1

The

30&0

The annexed Certificate from the Receipt of the Exchequer, shews the Amount of Fines for Twelfth Report Leases paid in there from 25th October 1760 to 31st December 1786, to have been £. 134,501 13 — i r! t^i1Land

And Of Rents of Lands - -- - - -- - 655 2 5 v /

Besides the Rent for Mulgrcme Estate, in Yorkshire, paid in under the Head of Rent of Allum Mines - - - 24,960 — —

Total of Rents of Lands, and Fines of Leases paid into the Exchequer,! , __

ftom .760 to 1786 - - - ..... " ;}f--60,120 15 5

There are Two other Sums mentioned in that Certificate to have been paid into the Exchequer; viz.

1,710/. in 1764, under the Head of Sale of Woods, which was a Sum paid by the Earl of Westmorland, for the Purchase of Timber in Rockingham Forest, as stated in our Ninth Report; and 4,020/. 155. under the Head of Fines of Grants, being the Amount of Sums paid for Grants in Fee, in the Years 1765, 1773, and 1776. These several Sums, making together 165,851/. 10 s.5 Id. were carried to the Aggregate

Fund; and are the Whole of the Monies arising from the Land Revenue, which were so applied between 1760 and 1786.

There is a small Sum, of 54/. 5 s. gd. mentioned to have been paid in under the Head of Rent of Savoy

The Residue of the Fines of Leases, not paid into the Exchequer, is stated to have been thus applied:

£ s. d.

To the Surveyor of the Woods, for Works in the Forests and Parks ... 39,867 ——

To the Board of Works, towards re-building the Fleet Prison - 10,809 17 10

For Surveys of Crown Lands ..... 247 18 —

For Fees of a Crown Lease - - - 77 910

To the Receiver of North Wales, as before mentioned ----- 1,890 ——

£. 52,892 5 8

And of the Sum of 161,878/. 18 s.6id. before mentioned to have been drawn out of the Hands of the Receivers of the English Counties, there was issued to the Surveyor General of the Woods, for Works and Repairs in the Forests and Parks ----- ----- £.101,303 1 3

To the Commissioners of Taxes, their Salaries and Incidents ..... 33,023 19 8

To the Ranger of Windsor Park - -- 13,271 12 3

And for Land Tax for Lands purchased for the Crown, at Windsor, Egham, and

Hampton Court - ----- --- -- - 6,104 18 6

i53>7°3 n

Lands in 1772, 1773, and 1785, which is said to be unappropriated Money, and still remaining in the Exchequer; but as the Revenues of the Savoy Hospital, which we mentioned in a former Part of this Report, came to the Crown on the Dissolution of that Hospital, in the First Year of Queen appear to

have been uniformly demised by Letters Patent under the Exchequer Seal, in the same Manner as other Lands belonging to the Crown; and the Fines for those Leases have been paid into the Exchequer, and applied promiscuously with other Fines, for Crown Leases; we apprehend that the Rents of the Savoy Lands are applicable to the same Uses, and ought also to be carried to the Aggregate Fund.

The Application of the Remainder in various small Sums is explained in the Account inserted in the Appendix.

That we might be enabled to state the Amount of the Expences incurred in the Management of the Land Revenue we have required from the several Officers concerned in it Accounts of their Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments of every Kind, received from the Public or Individuals, for the Execution of any Business relative thereto.

The Emoluments of the Office of Surveyor General of the Crown Lands (now vacant) consist of Two Annual Salaries or Allowances of 800 /. and 200 /. paid at the Exchequer, and a farther Allowance of 100l. for his Clerks, paid by Warrant from the Treasury, out of the Land Revenue. These Three Sums making 1,100l., are reduced by Fees and Taxes to 897 /. 19 j. per Annum. He has the Possession of a House at Windsor, belonging to the Crown, let for a clear Rent of 60/. 3s. 4 d.per Annum, and he receives from. Individuals Fees for Crown Leases, and other Proceedings in his Office, of the Average Amount of 574/. 185. 10 d.per Annum, making his whole Receipt 1,533/. 1 s. 2d.; out of which the late Surveyor General paid 289/. 11 to Clerks, leaving a Net Profit of 1,243 / 10* 2 d.

The Deputy or Principal Clerk in that Office, besides the Salary paid to him by the Surveyor General, receives Fees from Individuals, and other Emoluments specified in his Return, and stated to amount Vo a. 47.

to 479/- 14s. gd. per Annum, out of which he pays 40 /. to a Junior Clerk, in Addition to the like Sum allowed by the Surveyor General.

The incidental Expences for the Rent of an Office, Wages of an Office Keeper, Coals, &c. are stated at 170/. 6#. 2d. per Annum, and are paid by Warrant from the Treasury, out of the Land Revenue; and as the Fees for Crown Leases are ultimately a Charge on the Revenue, (as we shall presently shew) the whole Expence of that Office to the Public may be stated at about 1,900l. per Annum.

We have already mentioned that there are Three Auditors of the Land Revenue.

Same West, Esquire, is Auditor for all the Counties in England, except Chester, Derby, Lincoln, Nottingham, and Monmouth.

Henry Shelley, Esquire, for the Four Counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

And Thomas Johnes, Esquire, for the Principality of Wales, with Monmouth.

The Two First of these Offices are granted for Life; the last is held during Pleasure.

The Auditors are appointed by their Patents Auditors of the Court of Exchequer; and they have the auditing of the Land Tax, and various other Public Accounts, as well as those of the Land Revenue.

Each of the Auditors receives an Annual Salary out of the Exchequer. They have a Poundage of Three Pence in the Pound on the Amount of all Debentures on the Receivers, for the Payment of Money by virtue

10 F of

25° M

A. 1792.

on t&e Land Keretrae.

Appendix,

N*25.

N* 26.

N° 27.

Twelfth Report of Warranto fro® the Treasury; opd they, and M*1U their Deputies and Cktflcs, -receive verioa* Allowances

firm the Public, as well as from the Receivers, on making up their Accounts; and fees front Individuals on the grttttjhg of Crown Leases, and for many different Rinds of Business concerning the Land Revenue, describe^ iu their Retornp inserted in the Appendix.

There are Fifteen Receivers of the Land Revenue, Ten in the Division of Mr. Auditor West, Three in that of Mr- Shdicy, and Two in Mr. s Division. The Receivers have various Annual Salaries and Allowances from the Public, which are paid out of the Rents- They receive from the Tenants some small Fees for Acquittances, and others (called Alienation Fees) for inserting in their Books the Names of new Tenants; and they have a Poundage of One Shilling in the Pound on all Monies paid by them; except in the Instance of the Bailiwick of Saint James in Middlesex, the Rents whereof are paid over by the Bailiff pr Collector to the Receivers General for the County, who have the Benefit of that Ponndagq.

The annexed Abstract of the Returns from the Auditors and Receivers shews the Expence to the Public, and the Profit to those Officers, in each Division.

The Salaries paid to the Auditors at the Exchequer being applicable to the whole Business of that Department, if One Half of those Sums be placed to the Account of the Land Revenue, which the Auditors point out as a fair Proportion, the Charge for that Branch of it will stand thus:

In Mr. West's Division, where the Amount of the Rents actually received is about 13,799/. Pa' Annum, and the Net Produce 6,737/. the Expence sustained by the Public on Account of this Revenue is 654/. 195. 4 d.for the Office of Auditor, and 1,232/. 13s. 2 \d.for those of the Ten Receivers.

In that of Mr. Shelley, where the real Receipt of Rent

is about 1,942/. and the Net Produce 1,075/., the Charge to the Public for the Auditor is 305/. ios. 3-Jd-and for the Three Receivers 184/. 11s. lid.

And in that of Mr. where the Rents Tece d

amount to about 5,611/., but are on the Whole barely sufficient to defray the Charges on that Division, the Public pays for the Expence of the Auditor-ship 668/. 135. lid. , and to the Two

Receivers 446/. 1 s. 14 d.

Management of the Crown's Esiate in the 17th Century.

Consequences of the Act 1st of Anne.

Object of that Act.

PART IIP.

We have already observed, that though the far greater Part of the Estates of the Crown were sold, or profusely given away, during the Seventeenth Century, yet that while they remained the Property of the Crown they were prudently and attentively managed. The better Condition the Estates were in, the more Money, it was obvious, would be obtained by the Sale of them, or the greater Favour would be bestowed if they were to be given away: Their good Management was, therefore, an Object deemed worthy the Attention of our Kings, and of their Ministers.

But by the Civil LUt Act of the First of Queen Anne, that Source of Influence and of Supply was lessened. Had the Estates been, after that Time, let at their full Value, and had there been, according to the Provisions of that Act, no further Alienation of the Crown’s Property, the Revenue might, indeed, have been improved, but no Favour could have been bestowed.

The Spirit and Intention of the Act appear not only in the Expression^ of the Act itself, but from the Proceeding in Parliament on various Occasions during the Reigns of Ghankt IL and William III- when Attempts were unsuccessfully wedn to obtain a Law to this Effect: and from other Documents of that Period.

la Consequence of Complaints made in the House of Coipmons of the numerous Grants in Fee, and for long Terms, immediately after the Restoration, a Warrant directed to the Lord High Treasurer of England, the Chancellor of the Dufcchy of Lancaster, the Attorney and Solicitor General, to the Surveyor General, and to the Auditors of the Exchequer, and Dutchy of Lancaster, was issued, dated August 1660, in which the King declared, " That calling to Mind the great and manifost Losses and Inconvenieocies which had befallen " him, and his Royal Progenitors, by granting in Fee, u and making long Leases, of their Manors, and De- mesnes, whereby all the deroiseable and improveable Revenue was either passed away, or turned into Fee r* Farm, to the Abatement of the Annual Income, and " of the Benefit of Fines, by renewing Leases, and the " Extinguishment of the Dependencies which the Farm-M errs and Tenants of those Lands had upon the " Crown, besides the Loss of the ancient and ordinary u Means of gratifying Servants by Grants of Leases u and Estates, as a Reward for their Merits: And to " the End that the like Inconveniencies might be prevented for the Time to come, the King ordained and " declared, that in all Leases thereafter to be made u there should be reserved in Rent, One full Moiety,

" pr more, of the improved Value of whatsoever Manors, Lands, and other Hereditaments should be " demised; and that no Lease should be made for any " longer Term than for One-and-Thirty Years in Pos*

" session, and for so many Years in Reversion, as should,

" with the Term in being, make up One-and-Thirty " Years, and no more."

These Promises and Engagements having been followed by no Interruption of the inconsiderate Bounties of the King, a more certain Security was called for, and the Act of the First of Queen Anne was at length obtained.

The Object and Principle of that Act are strongly expressed in the Preamble to that Clause which relates to the Subject of our Enquiry, " To defray a Part of " the Expences of Government, and lessen the Bur-u thens on the Estates of the Subject, by Means of the " Preservation and Improvement of the Land Revenue " of the Crown."

It was accordingly provided, that no Lease or Grant of Land should be made for a longer Term than Thirty-one Years, nor of Houses for more than Fifty Years: That in no Case, less than the antient or most usual Rent should be reserved; and where no Rent bad before been reserved, a Rent not under One Third Part of the clear Yearly Value should be taken. As to the rest of the Value there was no Direction in the Act It might be wholly remitted, or taken in fine; and the Computation might be made at whatever Rate of fnterest the Minister at the Time might direct. An Use has been made of this Defect in the Act of Parliament, extremely prejudicial to the Interest of the Crown.

It is obvious, that the less the Rent that might be Objectofc reserved to the Crown, the longer the Term granted, CivilUiS; and the higher the Rate of Interest at which the Fine <tet ’ should be calculated, the Renter Degree of Power and Influence Ministers would possess. Accordingly, notwithstanding the Sense of the House of Commons so strongly expressed, the Admission on the Part of the Crown, and the avowed Principle of the restraining Act itself, yet in almost every Lease, from the Date of the Act to the Year 1769, when a small Alteration took Place, explained in the Answers from the Office of the Surveyor General, the lowest Rents which the Act would allow have been reserved, the longest Terms have been uniformly granted, and the Calculation of the Fine has always been made at a very high Rate of Interest.

But it was not in the granting of Leases only that the Spirit a^d Intention of the Legislature were cow* s teracted

847

teracted tod defeated. Within Yean after that Act was passed, Ministers began to obtain for their Friends Alienations of Estates in Perpetuity, under the Sanction of particular Acts of Parliament.

The Statement given in the Appendia shews the Yearly Value of the Estates alienated in that Manner, from 1721, when the First Grant in Fee, after tire Act of Queen Anne was made, to the last of those Grants, in the Year 1785 $ the Amount of that estimated Value was 17,306/. as. The Sum paid into the Exchequer, in Consequence of the Alienation of this great Property, was no more than 24,579/. 4J-, Rents to the Amount of 2,057 /. 7 per Annum were reserved to the Crown out of those Estates; but as the Land Tax is to be deducted, the reserved Rents are reduced to 1,605/. 13 s- 7 d.

On this Statement we cannot avoid observing, that in many Cases very little Pains seem to have been taken to ascertain the real Value. New Surveys were seldom made; the Form even of a Reference to the Surveyor General was, on some Occasions, omitted; and where there was a Reference, it was, in most Cases, merely to make the Calculation of the present Value of the Reversionary Right The Transaction appears to have been between the Purchasers and the Minister at the Time; and the Reports of the Surveyor General are commonly confined to a Description of the Estate, an Account of the Value by the last Survey, and a Calculation of the Price to be paid for the Reversion, after deducting Compound Interest during the subsisting Lease.

There are indeed Instances where more was referred, and the Surveyor General was desired to report an Opinion; and on some of those Occasions there is an Appearance in the Reports that the Wish of the Minister at the Time was as much attended to, as the Interest of the Crown.

The Value of those Estates, at the Expiration of the Term of Yean for which they bad been granted, would probably have been very great

The Smallness of the Sum paid into the Exchequer, in return for so great a Part of the Crown’s Estate, was owing to various Causes, which appear in the Statement; a very considerable Part of those Estates was given away without any Price whatever being received by the Crown — a Sum of 27,000 /., being the Price paid by the Purchaser of One of them, was not paid into the Exchequer, but was otherwise applied. — We have given, in the Appendix, an Extract of the Report of the Surveyor General, to the Lords of the Treasury, in which very ingenious Arguments are used to shew that it was not necessary to consider it as applicable to the Aggregate Fund.

It further appears from the Statement, that a considerable Part of the Property for which a Price was paid into the Exchequer, was under Lease for 100 Years.

The Value of a Grant for 100 Years is known to be, by Calculation, nearly equal to the Value of a Grant in Perpetuity. There may, in the Situation of the Affairs of private Men, occur Circumstances, which render it expedient to part with a distant Reversionary Right to a great Estate for an immediate Sum, which, though small, is by Calculation the real Value; but it cannot be for the Advantage of the Government of this Country to aoaJte such a Sacrifice; and it is not easy to discover any public Ground, on which such violent Deviations from the Principles of the Act of the First of Queen Asme could be justified.

We cannot avoid adding, that in a Report of Mr. BurreM, Surveyor General, dated 8th October 1772, on an Application for the Grant of a Reversion, we find the following very remarkable Sentence, alluding to One of the Alienations in the Statement we have given: " Jt is hut a very few Yeans since such a Reversion " was granted for nothing, by an Act of Parliament; " and it was afterwards found that the Purchaser gave " 10,000l. for procuring it."

Vol. 47.

We have now said as much as we suppose to be Twelfth Report necessary, to shew, that in the General System of °* Management which was adopted by Government !m- tev*M*' mediately after the passing of the Civil List Act of " Queen Anne, the Principle of that Act was completely abandoned, and its Object counteracted.

The general SyBtem having been thus established, Management the Execution of the ordinary Business under it was of di®t left to the Surveyor General. The Value put upon Estates, the Methods used for ascertaining that Value, to a single the proper Time of renewing Leases, the Proportion Officer, of Rent to be reserved, the Fine to be paid, and the Rate of Interest at which it was to be computed, all came to be left to the Discretion of that single Officer, without Check or Controul; and his Report, stating generally the Rent which should be reserved, and the Sum which should be paid as a Fine, was, as a Matter of Course, adopted by the Treasury, without further Information or Enquiry.

The Influence which, at a more early Period, was aimed at, in the Management of the Crown’s Estate, seems, in later Times, to have been less considered; and, except on very particular Occasions, the Attention of Ministers has hardly been called to the Business of this Department.

The Forms, however, observed in the Execution of the Business still remained the same. All Applications for Crown Leases are first made by Petition or Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury; the Petition or Memorial is referred from the Treasury to the Surveyor General, " to report the true State of the Case, and " Value of the Premises, with his ^Opinion, what may " be fit to be done therein."

The other Offices concerned or employed in the Execution are those of the Clerk of the Pipe, and the Auditors.

In the Answer to our Precept the acting Surveyor Forms ob-General has given a very clear and distinct Account of served in the Forms of proceeding in passing Crown Leases through the several Offices; but as we shall have Occasion to enlarge on that Subject, in a separate Report, through the in which we mean to propose a different Establishment different of Offices for the Management, and a different Form of proceeding, we shall at present only observe, that it Appendix, appears to us to be unnecessary, that a Lease should 31‘ pass through so many different Offices, and that the Mode of proceeding which we shall propose will be more simple, and less expensive, without lessening the Security to the Public.

The Rules observed in the Surveyor General’s Office, Rules in s«t-in setting Fines and reserved Rents for Leases of the Crown Land Revenue, have been explained, with equal Clearness, by the same Officer, in his Answers given in the Appendix to this Report Those Rules are com- N* apprised under Four different Heads:

1st. The Valuation of the Estates.

2dly. The Terms of the Leases, and the Periods of Renewal.

3dly. The Proportions of the reserved Rents. And, 4thly. The Computation of the Fines.

Under the First Head are described the Methods Valuation of used for ascertaining the Value of the Estates; but the Estates, though the making actual Surveys is stated to have been much more common during the Ten Years prior to our Enquiry (wheu the granting of Leases was suspended) than it had been formerly, yet it was not general; The Surveys were not taken on Oath; and though the having taken Surveys more generally was extremely meritorious in those who held the Office within that Time, yet the System did not require it; and our Objection is, that a Matter of so much Importance as the ascertaining of the Value of the Estate, should be left to the Discretion of a Surveyor General, so that the next who may be appointed to that Office would be at Liberty to returu to the more careless Practice which formerly prevailed.

848 25° Maxi. A. 1792.

Terms of Leases, and Periods of Renewal.

Proportion of Rent reserved.

The Computation of the Fines.

It appears from the Answers under the Second Head, that Leases of Houses have always been granted for 50 Years, and of Lands for 31 Years; and that the Lessees have been permitted to renew, whenever it happened to suit their Convenience. On this we must observe, that though by the Civil List Act of the First of Queen Anne it is provided, that no Lease of Houses shall be granted for a longer Term than 50 Years, nor of Lands for more than 31 Years, or Three Lives, it is by no Means required that every Lease should be granted for the longest Term which the Law allows. In many Cases, and particularly where Lands are in an improved State, it does not seem to us to be for the Public Advantage, that so long a Term should be granted; and though frequent and early Renewals cannot be a Loss to the Tenants, because the Expence in passing a Lease is deducted from the Fine, it is for the same Reason an obvious Loss to the Crown; and we must also observe, that there are no Covenants whatever inserted in Leases of the Crown Lands, similar to those in Leases of private Property, to guard against the Danger of the Soil being exhausted by improper Management.

On the Third Head it is said in Answer to our Precept, that " as the Act did not positively require the " Reservation of a Third Part of the Annual Value, " except in those Cases where no Rent has been reserved before, but in all other Cases admitted of " renewing the Leases at the antient or most usual " Rent, or more, it has happened that the Reservation of a Third Part has been made only in " those Cases where it could not be dispensed with; " and that in most other Instances the Leases continued, till the Year 1769, to be renewed under the " old Rents, many of which were mere Acknowledgments, such as 6 s.8 d. — 10$. — 20$. and the like." In that Year the Changes took Place which are mentioned in the Answer to our Precept; and instead of those small Rents, an Eighth Part of the estimated Value has been taken in Rent, on all Renewals of Leases since that Time, and the Remainder has been paid for by a Fine.

On this Subject we cannot avoid observing, that the Spirit and Intention of the Act were sufficiently apparent; and that if the Interest of the Crown had been principally attended to, the highest Proportion of Rent mentioned in the Act, and not the lowest which it allowed to be taken, would have been reserved: But this Deviation from the Principle of that Act, we impute more to the general System adopted by Government, than to the Officers who carried it into Effect.

The taking a Rent equal to One Eighth Part of the estimated Value, instead of the former small Rent, though an Improvement on the former Practice, falls far short of what in our Opinion ought to have been done.

The Fourth, and most important Branch of the Business in the Department of the Surveyor General, is that which relates to the Computation of the Fines; for even after the Change which was made with respect to the reserved Rents, this affects full Seven Eighth Parts of the Value of the demised Estates.

We have already observed, that the Mode of computing or setting Fines is not regulated by the Civil List Act of Queen Anne; nor has that Defect been supplied by any subsequent Act of Parliament, nor by any Regulation established by the Treasury.

The Amount of the Fine, or the Rate of Interest at which the Computation was to be made, appears to have been left to the Discretion of the Surveyor Gene-

neral, subject to the Controul oif the Treasury; and the Fine itself may be remitted by the Crown.

The Rate of Computation adopted in Practice, from the Time of passing the Civil List Act' to the Year 1769, was, as appears by the Answers to our Precept, 10 per Cent, for Leases of Houses, and 6 per Cent, for Leases of Lands. In that Year an Alteration was made in those Rates by Mr. Burrell, then Surveyor General; and ever since that Time the Computation has been made at the following Rates:

For Houses:

1. When a Renewal is granted more than 30 Years.ForH« after the Commencement of a Lease, and when there

are consequently less than 20 Years of the Term remaining.

2. When from 20 to 30 Years remain 9 per

3. From 30 to 40 Years - - 8 per Cent.

4. Above 40 Years ... 6 per Cent.

No Alteration was made in the Rate of Computation for Leases of Lands, and those Fines are still calculated at 6 per Cent.

In all Cases the Computations are made by Tables of Compound Interest. — Adding a certain Number of Years to a subsisting Lease, is, in other Words, selling a Reversionary Right for that Number of Years; and we shall not think it necessary to be at much Pains to shew that it cannot be wise in the Government of this Country, which can borrow Money at 3 or per Cent. to sell a Reversionary Right, discounting Compound Interest, at 10, 9, 8, or even 6 per Cent.

" The Practice of taking a Fine for the Renewal Wealth ci " of a Lease," says the Author of the Wealth of Nations, " is in most Cases the Expedient of a Spend- ' 43' " thrift, who for a Sum of ready Money sells a future " Revenue of much greater Value*."

But besides the Loss which arises from the Anticipation of the Revenue in this Manner, the Amount of the Fees paid on each Renewal, on passing a Lease through the different Offices, and the Expence of a Survey, when a new Survey is taken, come to be a very considerable additional Charge on the Revenue,

" it having immemorially been the Custom of the " Surveyor General to have regard to the Expences " of the Lease in setting the Fine, and to make a discretionary Abatement therefrom, according to the " Circumstances of each particular Case."

No Reasoning, or Calculation can, as we apprehend, Mr. Stif afford a more clear and convincing Proof of the wasteful RiePort-!i Consequences of this strange Practice, of taking Pay- r,i ment of so great a Part of the Value in Fines, computed as they have been for Crown Leases, than what arises from a Consideration of the Accounts given in the Appendix, in which we have stated separately the Fines Appendl-for Leases of Houses, and for Leases of Lands, with the 33-Amount of the reserved Rents.

We have already shewn, that since the Year 1769, it has been the Practice, on the Renewal of Leases, to reserve a Rent equal to an Eighth Part of the Value, where a smaller Rent was reserved before, and that prior to that Time still less Rent had been reserved.

The Amount of the Rent of that Eighth Part appears to be 13,662/. 6s. 5 d.and the Annual Amount of the Fines taken on the other Seven Eighth Parts, only 7,078/. 6s. on an Average, from 1760 to 1786, whereof 2,174 /. 11$. 3 d. is the Amount of the Fines on Leases of Houses, and 4,903 /. 14$. 9 on Leases of Lands. — The Crown, therefore, receives much more from the One Eighth Part let for Rent, than from the Seven Eighth Parts for which Fines are taken.

The Fine fur adding 30 Years to an existing Lease of which there are 20 Years unexpired, computing at 10 per Cent, is only 1 and 3-5ths of a Year’s Purchase (that is to say) 1401, is paid for 100l. a Year for 30 Years, to begin after 20 Yean.

The Fine for adding 20 Years to a Lease of which there are 30 Years to come is not quite 7-ioths of a Year’s Purchase, or less than 70/. Apnad-if the Rent be 1001, a Year, and the Rate of Interest 9 per Gen#. — Other Computations are given in the Appendix. N'j:

It

a

!') I-}

k

k

'35

3*1

JT:i

fe

'i lit T f* rpwai

ami

iNi-

32 Geo. III.

25°

849

Question whether the Crown Lands should be retained or disposed of.

: Ani [or.s a L$ XSSl tciei ka

1 [I 3! EiBi ak:i 2-

r-2

ie

ik$ corf .13! 2 en G

t:*

[ear!1!

Le#J

a:i > i

Ps&*

rfc-»

ir®3

Reasons against a Sale.

9 Geo. III.

St. John, pa. 179, on the Crown Lands.

It is very true, that the Fines being an Anticipation of what would not be so soon received, it is necessary to make an additional Allowance of Interest on the Amount of them, for the Difference in Point of Time.

But after allowing all that can be fairly stated on this Account, the Loss occasioned by this Mode of proceeding will be found to be enormous *.

We have stated such Objections to the Plan of Management which has been followed ever since the passing of the Civil List Act of the 1st Queen as, in our Opinion, sufficiently shew that some Change is necessary.

The Act by which we are appointed requires that " we should suggest such Plans, Rules, Regulations, " Means, and Methods for the Disposal and Alienation, " or for the future Management and Improvement, of " the said Landed Possessions, as we should think best " calculated for rendering the said Landed Estates " and Possessions, and the Revenues arising therefrom, " most productive and advantageous to His Majesty " and the Public."

Pursuing the Line of Duty thus marked out to us, it seems natural, in the First Place, to examine the general Question, whether the Disposal and Alienation, or the better Management and Improvement of the Landed Estates and Possessions of the Crown, is the most adviseable.

In the Consideration of this important Subject, we wish, as much as possible, to confine our Observations to such Circumstances as tend to shew the Effect which either of these Measures would probably have on the Revenue of the Crown.

There are however some Circumstances of a different Nature, which it may not be improper to bring under the Attention of the Legislature.

We have already mentioned, in an early Part of this Report, that there are various Means by which the Crown must still continue gradually to acquire Landed Property, such as by Escheat or Forfeiture, and the Determination of Grants, under any Limitations, with Remainder to the Crown.

These Means by which Estates may be gained by the Crown, seem to require, that there should be some Officers appointed to attend them; and this Care is perhaps rendered more necessary by the Nullum Tetnpus Act, in consequence of which such Estates may be lost by Prescription.

It seems also now to be generally admitted, that the present State of the growing Timber in this Country is such as to render it necessary for the Public Safety that the Royal Forests should be preserved for the Supply of the Navy; the Crown, therefore, must retain a certain Landed Property; and there must be an Establishment for the Management of that Property, even though the Estates at present belonging to the Crown should be disposed of The Force, therefore, of One great Argument for the Sale of the Land Revenue of the Crown, namely, the Saving of the Expence of Management, is, from these Circumstances, considerably lessened.

The Situation of the Crown Lands, dispersed through every County in England, it has been justly observed, renders the Management expensive, and is an Argument for the Sale of them; but, on the other Hand, some Good may perhaps arise from that Circumstance, to counterbalance the Expence. Under an attentive Management, a minute Knowledge of the State of every Part of the Country, and of its Interests, may be acquired by Government; and it may be the better

enabled to judge of such Measures as, requiring the Twelfth Repore Aid of Parliament, may be proposed, for the Division °n the Lani* and Inclosure of Commons, Wastes, and Comrtion "<venue- Field Lands, Improvements in Manufactures and Agriculture, or in the Means of Communication and Conveyance.

It may not be improper also to observe, that in Consequence of a Part of the Revenue of the Crown being derived from a Land Estate, the Connection between the King and His Subjects is rendered in some Degree more close and intimate: The common Interest which He has with private Proprietors of Land is increased; and the Attention of the Sovereign may, perhaps, be more particularly drawn towards the general Improvement of it.

We are aware, that it is observed by the Writer of Wealth of far the greatest Authority of the Subject of Political Nations, (Economy, that " the Crown Lands of Great Britain ' pa‘

" do not at present afford One Fourth Part of the Rent " which could probably be drawn from them, if they " were the Property of private Persons; and that, in " every great Monarchy of Europe, the Sale of the "Crown Lands would produce a very large Sum of " Money, which, if applied to the Payment of the " Public Debts, would deliver from Mortgage a much " greater Revenue, than any which those Lands have " ever afforded to the Crown."

The Statements we have given shew, that very little Income has, during the present Century, arisen from the Crown Lands, in Proportion to their Value; and we are perfectly convinced, that in these Particulars the Opinions of Mr. Smith are well founded.

The same Author adds, " that it would in all Cases, Wealth of " be for the Interest of the Society to replace this Nations,

" Revenue to the Crown, by some other equal Revenue, ® pa'

" and to divide the Lands among the People, which +

" could not well be done better, perhaps, than by " exposing them to Public Sale."

And in this last Opinion we should also join, if the System of Management, under which those Estates have hitherto been kept, were to be continued; but we are by no Means satisfied, that the Errors in that System may not be corrected, and that the Land Estate of the Crown may not be rendered as productive as the Property of private Men, if put under similar Regulations.

Nor would it, as we apprehend, be an easy Matter to devise a Plan of proceeding in the Sale of the Landed Property of the Crown, even if that Measure should be adopted, which would be free from material Objection.

The far greater Part of the Lands and Houses belonging to the Crown are at present under Lease for Terms of considerable Length. In the Leases of the Lands we have already observed there are no Covenants to secure the Property from being rendered of little Value, by the Mismanagement of the Lessee. If, under such Circumstances, the Land Estates should be brought to immediate Sale, there would be, it is to be feared, but little Competition, and the Lessees would purchase at their own Price.

The Leases of Houses are longer than those of the Lands; and, notwithstanding the Covenants, the Property cannot easily be protected for so long a Time.

For that valuable Part of the Crown’s Estate, perhaps, still less Competition could be expected.

If on the other Hand the Leases should be suffered to expire, and the Estates should then be offered to Public Sale, so as to encourage Competition, the

d’f

It appears from the Answers of the acting Surveyor General, that Renewals are generally applied for and granted when about Half the Terms are run out. If this be the Case, 25 Years Interest on the Amount of the Fines for Houses ought to be added, and I5j Years Interest on the Fines for Lands; and computing at per Cait. Compound Interest, this would increase the Fines for Houses to 5.7961. 16s. 9 d.and the Fines for Lands to 9,003/. 18s.; and the Two together, even with that Addition, amount only to-14,800l. 14#. 9</. being still little more than the Rentreservde on One Eighth Part of those Estates.

Yol. 47.

10 G

Lessees

25 M

A. 1792.

on the Laod Revenue,

Alterations proposed on the Act ist of Anne.

Plan proposed.

Twdfth Report Lessees might complain, that no Consideration had tU" 1 been paid to their Claims on account of long Possession, or, in some Cases, of the Improvements made in Expectation of Renewal.

On a full Consideration of this important Question, we think it our Duty humbly to recommend the Improvement of the Crown’s Estate, under a different Plan of Management, as more advantageous to His Majesty, and the Public, than the Sale or Alienation of them.

The Errors which we have pointed out in the Management of the demised Estates of the Crown are to be imputed, partly to Defects in the Civil List Act of the l st of Queen Anne, and partly to the System which has been followed by the Ministers, and Officers in that Department.

The Term of 50 Years, being the longest allowed in the Leases of Houses, does not give sufficient Encouragement for re-building Houses of great Value; and the Term of 31 Years, to which those entrusted with the Management have thought themselves confined in granting Leases of Ground on which there has been no House before, gives no adequate Encouragement to the Extension of Building.

In these Particulars, too little Power was left to the Managers. On the other Hand, in allowing Fines to be taken for the whole Value, except the Old Rent, where there had been a Rent reserved before, and those Fines to be computed at any Rate of Interest which the Surveyor General might choose, the allowing Land already improved to be let for so long a Term as 31 Years, and the Leases to be renewed as often as the Lessee might desire it; but, above all, the establishing no effectual Check on the Conduct of the Officers of the Crown entrusted with the Management, were Circumstances which left by far too much to their Discretion.

They were, indeed, restrained, where more Latitude would have enabled them to add to the Improvement of the Estate of the Crown; and too much Power was given to them, in those Parts of the Management, in which the Advantages of the Lessees, and the Perquisites of the Officers, could be most increased, and the Interest of the Crown most injured.

The nearer the Management of Public Property can be brought to that of private Property, the greater, we are persuaded, will be the Advantage to the Public.

The System, therefore, which we would wish to propose for the Improvement of the Estates of the Crown, is one that should leave to the Officers who shall be entrusted with the Care of them the Power of doing whatever' prudent Men are found to do, with a View to the Improvement of their own Property; and to restrain them from doing what, in the Management of private Estates of a similar Kind, is, by Experience, found to be prejudicial to the Interest of the Proprietor.

Different superintending Officers should co-operate in the Management, so as to form Checks on the Conduct of each other; and, leaving them more Power to do what might tend to the Improvement of the Estate, we would at the same Time wish to make them more responsible; and with this View they should be obliged to lay a full Account of all their Proceedings before Parliament every Second or Third Year.

We have thought it necessary thus to state, generally, the Objects which we have had in View, in forming the Plan of an Establishment for the Management of the whole of the Landed Property of the Crown, the Particulars of which will, as we have before mentioned, be the Subject of a separate Report.

As the best Means of enabling ourselves to suggest what Restrictions should be put on the Conduct of the Officers to be entrusted with the Management, and what Power should be given to them, we have endeavoured to

obtain Information of the Plans of Management which -are followed by the Proprietors of great Estates, and to procure the Opinions of their Agents, and of eminent Surveyors. This Information, with those Opinions, we shall give in the Appendix, that they may be compared Appendii, with what we are to propose. N° 34& i>

The greater Part of the Crown’s Estates being now under Lease for very long Terms, without Covenants for the Protection of the Property, the first Object of Consideration is by what Means the Property is to be guarded from Injury by the Lessees. With this view we recommend that a Plan and Survey should be taken of every Estate, of which there is not a Plan and Survey in the Office of the Surveyor General, on the Accuracy of which Reliance may be had; and even where there are such Plans and Surveys, the Estates . should be viewed, and the Survey and Plan examined, by Surveyors of good Reputation, who should make a full Report, on the present Condition of the Estate.

Every such Report, and every new Survey, should be verified on Oath.

The Lessees should be informed, that if the Estates shall not he preserved, as they would have been preserved under proper Covenants, all Claim to reference for a new Term will be considered to be forfeited.

We think that Surveyors should be employed to view the Estates, from Time to Time, and to make a Report on the Condition in which they are found, to the Office which shall be entrusted with the Management of the Landed Property of the Crown.

Concerning Leases hereafter to be granted, we shall consider separately, those,

1. For Houses, or Building Ground.

2. For Land Estates.

3. For Mines.

4. For Manerial Rights.

It appears, from the Answers to our Enquiries, that Building according to the Opinion of every Surveyor with Ground, whom we have consulted, it is for the Interest of a Append; Proprietor to have the Power of granting Leases for N* 34-99 Years for Building; and this is the Practice followed by the far greater Number of Proprietors of such Estates.

This long Term is found to encourage the building of large and substantial Houses, for which a higher Ground Rent is obtained than would be paid for such inferior Houses as would be built if the Lease should be for a much shorter Term.

The Officers to be entrusted with the Management should therefore be empowered to grant Building Leases for any Term not exceeding 99 Years; but as the Object in granting Leases for so long a Term is the Encouragement to build valuable Houses, the Size or Quality of the Houses to be built should be previously stipulated.

And before letting any Ground, of considerable Extent, for Building in one Place, Plans should be obtained from eminent Architects, for laying out the Situation of new Streets, and Buildings; and those Plans should be laid before the Lords of the Treasury for their Approbation.

In Building Leases, the whole Annual Value of the Ground should be reserved in Rent, and no Part taken in Fine; the House to be built affording good Security for the Ground Rent. No Land situated so near to any great Town, as that it may be expected to be taken for the Purpose of Building, ought to be granted in Lease for a Term of Years, for any other Purpose. Such Lands should be let on Yearly Leases, till they can be let as Building Ground; and from this, very little temporary Loss to the Crown can arise, Lands in the Neighbourhood of Towns being generally in Grass, which may be let to as much

32 Geo. III. 2 ? Maii.851

Advantage for One Year, as for a longer Term. Areas recommend it to the Attention of the Officers to be Twelfth Report for Building, on which no House had stood before, entrusted with the Management, we do not suggest it j^|’*ug'and

should be let by public Auction. The ground Rents as a pro[>er general Regulation. '

should be reserved clear ot all Taxes. In the Management of the Land Estates, we would Land

The Leases should contain a Covenant for leaving humbly propose, that no Lease should be granted lor Estates, all Improvements on the Premises at the End of the a longer Term than 21 Years, of Estates already im-Term, and other common Covenants in Building proved; and no Lease for more than 31 Years, where Leases. Wastes are to be cultivated, or considerable Sums to

In the Renewal of Leases, the Condition of the be laid out on improving or inclosing the Land, on Houses, and other Circumstances, are so various and additional Buildings, or necessary Repairs. The Length dissimilar, that it must obviously be extremely difficult of the Terms within those Limits should be according to devise Regulations adapted to every Case. to the State and Condition of the Land.

More Injury would probably be done to the Crown, Covenants should be inserted in the Leases, for the by fettering and embarrassing the Management with Management and Improvement of the Land, according numerous Regulations, calculated for supposed Cir- to the most improved Course of Husbandry, cumstances, than by leaving minute Particulars to the In all these Particulars a great deal must be left to Officers in this Department, acting under the Controul the Discretion of the Officers entrusted with the Ma-of the Treasury, and subject to the Review of Parlia- nagement, employing, in all Cases, under them, Sur-ment. veyors acting on Oath, being subject to the Controul of

The Restrictions, therefore, should be few and sim- the Treasury, and bringing their Transactions under the pie, and every Thing which cannot be clearly defined, Review of Parliament.

should, we humbly think, be left to the Office to be The Annual Value of the Estate, deducting the entrusted with the Management, subject to that Con- Amount of all Taxes and Payments, which should be troul and Review. answered by the Tenant, and making the necessary Al-

No Renewal should be granted without a Survey, or lowance for such Improvements as are agreed to be Report of a Surveyor, verified on Oath, and not less made, should be paid entirely in Rent. In Leases of than Two Third Parts of the clear Yearly Value should Lands there appears to us to be no sufficient Reason be reserved in Rent, and consequently not more than for taking any Part of the Value in Fines.

One Third Part of the clear Value taken in Fine. We After taking the proper Means of ascertaining the have shewn that the Disadvantage attending the taking Value of the Estates of the Crown in Houses or Lands, of Fines instead of Rent is very great; but a House we think the Rent demanded should not be the utmost being a perishable Property, it seems to be necessary, that the Property can enable the Lessee to pay; it for the Sake of securing the Payment of the Rent, par- should be so moderate as that the regular Payment of ticularly towards the End of the Lease, that a Part of the Rent may be relied upon, and the Performance of the Value should be paid for in Fine. Covenants with Propriety enforced.

No Renewal, we humbly think, should be granted The Lessees who have, for a great Length of Time, of any Lease, till within 20 Years, or less, of the End enjoyed beneficial Leases, have certainly some Right of the Term, except where a re-building is necessary. to expect to be continnued on reasonable Terms; nor There may be Arguments of some Weight used for would raising the Rent to the utmost Value be altoge-renewing at an earlier Period of the Lease; but they ther consistent with the Honour and Dignity of the appear to us to be overbalanced by other Considera- Crown; but on the other Hand, the Advantages en-tions. It is proposed, for the Sake of Security, to take joyed by the Lessees should be open and avowed, and a Part of the Value in Fine; and Fines, if taken sooner, an End should be put to that System, by which the would be much impaired by the Effect of Compound real Value to be paid, but is afterwards brought Interest, computed, as it commonly is, at a Rate some- down, by Fees of Office, and Calculations at extrava-what higher than the Current Interest of Money, gant Rates of Interest, to something extremely inferior There is a Danger too, that by early Renewals the to it.

Prospect of Advantage, which the Crown has in the Renewals of Leases of Lands should not be granted

Improvement of its own Estate, may constantly be kept till within Five Years of the Expiration of the existing so remote, that it may hardly be thought deserving of Lease; and the First Offer of new Leases, either of much Consideration or Care. ( Lands or Houses, should always be made to the Tenant

Fines should not in any Case be computed at a higher in Possession, where the Rent has been regularly paid.

Rate than 5/. per Cent, or the legal Interest. the Houses well taken Care of, and the Lands properly

These are, in our humble Opinion, the only Regu- managed, lations which, without Danger of embarrassing the It appeared by the Survey made under our Direc- Woods and Management, can be positively fixed: But there are tion, of the Wood and Timber growing on the demised Timber, others mentioned in the Plans of Management sug- Estates, and by the Reports of the Surveyors, that there gested by the Surveyors, whose Opinions are inserted w as, in most Cases, much less of each growing on those in the Appendix, which though they will not apply to Estates than on private Property. This was undoubt-Houses in every possible Situation, and cannot there- edly to be expected. The Renewal of Leases, though fore be proposed as general Rules never to be departed common, was not certain; it was natural for the Lessee from, will answer in most Cases, and well deserve Con- to sell as much as he could during his Possession; and sideration. the System of Management which has been pursued

One in particular we shall here take Notice of, that afforded no such Check upon his Conduct as to pre-of letting Houses for 63 Years, according to a Valua- vent him from doing it.

tion by Surveyors of the Rent which they would be Many Plans of raising Plantations of Trees on the worth for the first 21 Years. demised Estates of the Crown, for the farther Provision

Renewing, in this Manner, 20 Years before the.Ex- of Timber for the Navy, have been suggested to us; piration of an existing Lease, would be adding 43 Years but the Protection of numerous small and detached to its Duration; and we do not think it probable that Plantations, for the Length of Time necessary for Na-Renewals could be made for longer Terms, on Condi- val Timber, would be attended with enormous Ex-' tions so simple, and with due Consideration to the In- pence, and would probably never be found to produce terests, both of the Proprietor and the Lessee; but any very valuable Supply. We consider the Royal this Rule could not be followed where Houses are in Forests as so many Magazines of Timber, set apart for such a State of Decay, as that they could not be let at that Public Object, where Officers should be appointed, a good Rent for 21 Years; and therefore, though we as we have proposed in our Reports on the Forests,

Vol. 47. whose

852 25° Maii. A. 1792.

Twelfth Report whose sole Business should be to take Care of them: on the Land They are of such Extent as to bear the Expence of

Revenue. Protection and Management; and we trust, under pro-

----- ' per Care, they will be found in Time to afford enough

for the Supply of the Navy.

But the principal Object in the Management of the demised Estates should be not the raising of Naval Timber, but to bring the Land to as high a State of Cultivation as possible; the Objects, and the Mode of attaining them, are different, and they should not be mixed and confounded.

The Wood and Timber on those Estates should undoubtedly be put under proper Regulations; and the Hedge Row Timber, which is of all the most valuable, should be taken Care of; but those Estates should be managed with a View to Profit only; and the Woods, the Tillage, or the Pasture, should be extended or diminished, according to the Demands of the Country, and the Prospect of Advantage.

Mines. The Crown has granted sundry Leases of Mines’stated

in the General Schedule, and some of them are wrought; but the Revenue which has hitherto arisen from them is not considerable.

In the great Extent of Land belonging to the Crown, it is probable that there are many valuable Mines not yet discovered, particularly in the Mountains of; and it is of great Importance that such Covenants should be introduced into future Leases as are inserted in Leases of Mines on private Property, to make it certain that they shall be properly wrought; but such Circumstances must be left to the Discretion of the managing Officers, under the Controul of the Treasury, and Review of Parliament.

We have not been inattentive to this Object in the Advice we have offered to the Treasury, upon Applications for Leases of Mines referred to our Consideration. We thought it our Duty to recommend that the granting of leases of Houses or of Lands, should be suspended until the System of Management should be altered, unless under very particular Circumstances of Hardship to the Lessee from such Suspensions, or of Loss to the Crown; but we advised, at the same Time, the granting of Leases of Mines, on such Conditions as are contained in private Leases, taking Care that no great Extent of Ground should be included in any such Lease to One Person or Company. Our Object was, that the Property might be ascertained, which, particularly in Wales, is a Matter of some Consequence; and that by confining the Extent within narrower Limits than used formerly to be granted in One Lease, the Number of Adventurers, and consequently the Chance of the Discovery of valuable Veins of Ore; might be increased.

Manors and The Crown has about 130 Manors belonging to it,

Land|h°ld *n ^‘®2rent ^arts of Kingdom. It was formerly

‘ the Practice to appoint Stewards of those Manors, by

whom the Fines, Heriots, and other casual Profits were collected. Great Abuses were committed by those Stewards; and by the Advice of Sir Charles Harbord, in the Time of Charles II. the Appointment of Stewards was discontinued, and the Manors were granted on Lease. This System has ever since been followed, the Surveyor General requiring either the Production of the Court Rolls, and Books of Accounts kept by the Parties, or a Certificate or Affidavit of the Average Yearly Produce, or using such other Means as appear to him most likely to obtain the Information necessary to enable him to fix the Rent, and the Fine which should be paid; and it is covenanted in the Leases, that Duplicates of the Court Rolls shall be returned into the Office of the Auditor. The Leases of those Manors are stated in the General Schedule given with

our First Report.

But this Mode of Management, though preferable to that of appointing Stewards, seems also, to be liable to many Objections. The Court Rolls are seldom

delivered; the Interest which the Crown has in Copy-hold Estates has not been thought of such Value as to justify the Expence of Surveys and Plans; the Rights of the King, as Lord of the Manor, being granted to the Lessee, are completely exercised by him, without any Communication with the Officers of the Crown; and they are, in some Degree, lost Sight of Within those Manors there are many Wastes capable of being brought into Cultivation, and they are known to be very extensive, though the Extent has not been ascertained.

In those Copyhold Lands and Wastes, where the Timber belongs to the Lord, and the Annual Crop to the Tenant, the Interests are opposite; and however much the Soil may be adapted to the Growth of Timber, little is to be expected. Fines, Heriots, and Reliefs may be made the Sources of Oppression; and the Crown, by transferring to a Lessee all the Rights which, it has in those Estates, loses the Power of preventing it, and derives, at the same Time, very little Profit from this Part of its Property.

In our humble Apprehension, those Leases of Manors ought not to be renewed, but minute Enquiry should be made by skilful Surveyors; and where the Rights are found to be of such Value as to justify the Expence,

Surveys and Plans should be made. Where they are not of such Value, the Surveyor should report the Particulars, so as to give the Officers entrusted with the Management the best Information which, without too great Expence, can be got. Those Steps being taken, the Copyhold Lands should be enfranchised on fair Terms.

The Manerial Rights, where the Crown possesses no Manerial other Part of the Estate, should also be sold, giving a R'ghu-Preference in the Sale to those who have the rest of the Property.

The Money arising from such Sale and Enfranchisement should be laid out in the Purchase of Freehold Lands, preferring such as may adjoin, or be intermixed w'ith any Estates already belonging to the Crown.

Where the Crown has-the entire Property, the Management is more simple, and the Rights more easily preserved. The Money should be invested in the Funds, until a desirable Purchase can be made.

In Common Field Lands, the Concurrence of Three-fourths, in Number and Value, of the Occupiers, with the Consent of the Owners of Lands, and of the Rector, Impropriator, or Tythe Owner, is, by the Act of 13th 13 Geo. Hl George III. necessary to fix the Rules, Regulations, and 8l> Restrictions to be followed in the Cultivation; and, at their common Expence, a Reeve or Field Master is to be appointed, to see that the Agreements are observed.

Under such Embarrassments, Land cannot be brought to its full Value; and the Interest of the Proprietors themselves, as well as of the Public, suffers.

It is to be wished, that every Acre of Land in the Kingdom, should be applied, under the most improved Course of Husbandry, to the Purpose to which the Soil is best adapted; but this is not to be expected while various Owners have Rights in the same Property, and where the Consent of different Persons is necessary for the Choice of the Mode of Cultivation.

Such has been of late Years the rapid Advancement See Report in Commerce and Population, that all the Land hitherto the cultivated does not produce Subsistence for the Inha- of°pr"''w bitants. Corn, of which a great deal was formerly ex- Council, in ported, is now, in Spite of the great Improvements in 1790. Agriculture, Annually imported.

The Numbers of People, in any Country, cannot possibly increase beyond the Means provided for their Subsistence; and the Dependence on Foreign Countries is precarious and unsafe.

In Consequence of our Prosperity, the speedy Cul- Improre-tivation of Waste Lands, and the farther Improve- went of ment of what is already cultivated, are Matters in which the Interest of the Public, and, in a certain Degree, and, &t'

its

bs in

iVal,

32 Geo. III.

25° Mail.

853

him,

Crown-

11 *

paUeoCbi,

°'v«lobtven :rt Pertained,'

tss, where

\nniicti Crop

’> an(i however ;)« th of Timber and Reli t; mav h the Crown, in "hicli it hasm eventing it, 5„j Profit horn this

leases of Manors = Enquiry should ’' litre the Ri^b stilv the Expence,

M here tliev art Id report the P«. ntrusted with the hich, without too teps being taken, ranchised on salt

rown possesses no h be sold, giving a ' have the rest of

j and Enfranchise-chase of Freehold n, or be intermixed ig to the Crown. >pc*rty, the Manage, ts more easily pre-;>ted in the Funds,

its Safety, are conceraed; and the great Increase in the Number of Bills of Inclosure, in Spite of the Trouble and Expence attending them, shews, that the Demand for an Extension of Tillage is such, as to overcome the Difficulties which, under the present Laws, stand in the way of the Improvement of all Commonable Lands.

It is not, perhaps, in the Power of Government to enforce these Objects, nor ought it to be attempted. Private Industry should not be embarrassed or disturbed by Regulations; and every Proprietor should be left at Liberty to manage his Property according to his own Judgment. But it is in the Power of Go-vemment to aid private Industry, by removing Obstructions to Cultivation and Improvement, or by facilitating the Means of their Removal. As every Mixture of Rights in the same Land certainly impedes

Tythes.

In all such Cases the Compensation for Tythes should, in our Opinion, either be an Allotment of the Land, or a certain Quantity of Grain for each Acre, proportioned to the Quality of the Soil.

But as some Inconvenience might possibly arise from the actual Delivery of Grain, it may perhaps be right that the Value of the Grain should each Year be paid in Money, according to an Average of the Prices for the Year, in that County in which the Estate is situated, to be taken from the Returns made to the Treasury under the Act of the 31st of His Majesty’s c'ap o’J'1 Reign. ' °'

Tythes, if allowed to commence as soon as a Bill of Inclosure is passed, and to increase as the Improvement advances, must prove such a Discouragement to Cultivation, as in many of the poorer Soils must completely prevent it, and occasion a Loss to the Owner

Improvement, the Separation of those Rights should of the Tythes himself, as well as to the Proprietors of be made as easy as is consistent with the Security of the Land, and the Public.

icurrence of Three, he Occupiers, wilii , and of die Rector,

)y the Act of 13th if* >s. Regulations, and ultivation; and, at Field Master is to nents are observed, cannot be broujk of the Proprietor! -utters.

Property.

It may be true, that when Bills have been proposed by Individuals, for the Inclosures of Wastes, in which the Crown is interested, the Royal Assent has not been withheld. But more is to be expected: The Crown Lands should certainly not be the last of being put into a State, which admits of the highest Cultivation. The Crown should set an Example, and should promote the Separation of Common Rights, and the Inclosure of all Wastes or Commonable Lands, in which it has any Share.

The Difficulties attending the Inclosure and Improvement of Waste and Commonable Lands should be brought under the Attention of the Crown Lawyers, who may perhaps be able to suggest a Remedy.

It is not for us to point out the particular Provi-e<Tfor188lSt" s*ons which should be contained in any Act of Parlia-e or nc o- men^ may be passed with that V iew. These are

Matters which call for the Attention, and require the Wisdom, of the Legislature to determine: But we submit with great Deference, whether the Expence of such Separation and Inclosure might not be lessened by some general Law, which should give Powers to the Owners of not less than One Half of all the Tenements and Lands entitled to Commonage (the Value to be determined by the Land Tax Assessment for the preceding Year) to proceed in the Division and Inclosure of any Waste or District, in the same Manner as they would do under the Authority of an Act of Parliament for that special Purpose. They should give regular Notice to all Parties interested to attend a Meeting, at which Commissioners might be named, to take Proof of the Rights, and to set out the Allotments to each Party interested.

A general

sures.

This seems to have been in the View of the Legis- 2d&3dEJw. lature at an early Period. By the 2d and 3d Edward VI. v1, '3-

C. 13, it is enacted, " That such barren Heath or " Waste Grounds (other than such as be discharged " by Act of Parliament) which before that Time had " lain barren, and paid no Tythes by Reason of the " same Barrenness, and then were, or thereafter " should be improved, and converted into Arable " Ground or Meadow, should from thenceforth, after " the End and Term of Seven Years next after such " Improvement, fully ended and determined, pay " Tythe for the Corn and Hay growing upon the " same; and Lands of the same Kind, which had " before that Time been charged with the Payment " of any Tythes, and that the same should be thereafter improved or converted into Arable Ground, or " Meadow, that then the Owner or Owners should,

" during the Seven Years next following from and " after the same Improvement, pay such Kind of " Tythe as was paid for the same before the said Improvement."

These Regulations undoubtedly tended to lessen the Obstruction to the Improvement of Land, arising from Tythes; but what we have suggested would, in our Opinion, be a more simple as well as a more permanent Encouragement.

We have ventured to suggest the Idea of a general Law for the Inclosure of Commonable Lands, with more Confidence, from knowing that a similar Law exists in the Northern Part of this Island, and that no Inconvenience or Injury to private Rights is said to have arisen from it *.

We have mentioned in an early Part of this Report, that we had ordered minute Plans and Surveys to be

e of Land in the

the most improve! e to which the Sol be expected while ime Property, and ms is necessary!*

0.

tpid Advancement the Land hitherto mce for the Inba-

1 was formerly ei-c* Improvements in >?

Country, cannot xrovided for their Foreigi Countries

o

the speedy Cul- tf farther Improve-^' Matters in which certain Degree,

In Scotland, the Common Law provides the Means of removing all those Difficulties in the Way of the Improvement of the Land, which here require a special Act of Parliament.

On an Application from any Part of the Proprietors having Right of Common in any Waste or Commonable Land, to the Supreme Court of Law, Commissioners are appointed, the Lands to be divided are surveyed and valued, a Proof is taken by those Commissioners of the Rights of the Claimants, a Part is allotted to those who have Rights of Turbary, and the rest is divided, in Proportion to the Land Tax paid for the Lands having Right of Common of Pasture.

The Proportion of Land Tax paid for any Estate in that Part of the Island never alters.

In Arable Lands which lie intermixed like Common Field Lands in this Country, and where the separate Parts are too small for Inclosure (there called Run-ridge) on Application to the same Court, Commissioners are appointed, by whom a Division is made, each Person interested getting an Equivalent in Land, in One Allotment, in lieu of the separate Parts which formerly belonged to him.

Where the Boundaries between Estates are so crooked or inconvenient as to prevent Inclosure, on the Application of either Proprietor to the Court of the Sheriff of the County, such an Exchange is made on fair Terms, as makes Inclosure easily practicable.

In all Cases a Proprietor can oblige the Owner of an adjoining Estate to pay Half the Expence of an Ordinary Fence on the Boundary between the Estates, giving him previous Notice of his Intention to inclose.

The Laws concerning Tythes are also extremely favourable to the Improvement of Laud.

In not One of those Cases is a Special Act of Parliament found to be at all necessary, and the Expence in most Instances of dividing Commonable or Common Field Lands is inconsiderable.

The Principle of the Lawe of Scotland relative to the Improvement of Land does not seem to be the same with that which prevails in those of England; and perhaps this is a Consequence of the different State of the Two Countries.

In the Northern parts of the Island, where the Climate is less favourable, the Soil in many Places less fertile, and the Inhabitants less wealthy, the natural Object of the Legislature was, to lessen, as mnch as possible, the Difficulties which stood in the Way of Cultivation and Improvement.

But in England, possessing the Advantages of a better Climate, a Soil more generally fertile and greater Abundance of the Means of improving it, the Legislature has principally directed its Attention to the Security of Property, and has perhaps been too jealous easily to admit even of those Changes which are found necessary for its Improvement.

Vol. 47. 10 H made

95° Mail. A. 1799.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

made of several of the Crown’s Estates indifferent Parts of the Kingdom. We did this in order to enable ourselves to form some Judgment of the Increase of Rent to be expected on the Whole of the Crown’s Estate, when the present Leases shall expire, by comparing the estimated Value now put on those Estates, with that which had been put upon them when formerly surveyed. v

We are sensible, however, that no accurate Judgment of the Increase of Rent to be expected upon the Leases in general, can be derived from the making of Surveys in a few Instances only.

During the Ten or Twelve Years prior to our Appointment, though the System of Management was in

other Particulars continued, mote Care than formerly was certainly taken to obtain a fair Account of the Value of the Estates on granting Leases.

Within that Time, a considerable Part; probably One Third, of all the Leases must have been renewed; and the Increase of Rent to be expected On the Expiration of those Leases is not near so great as may be looked for on those of an earlier Date.

The Leases of Six of the Estates surveyed under our Direction were granted before the Year 1774, and the Leases of Four of them in and since that Year. The different reserved Rents, the estimated Values by former Surveys, and those by our Surveyors are as follows:

Appendix, N° 36.

Improve raent to be expected.

Estates of which the Leases were granted before Present reserved Rents. £. s. d. Estimated Values by former Surveys. £. s. d. Yearly Values by new Surveys. £. s. d.

>774 . 202 6 9i 1,796 16 6 6,075 2 3*

Granted in 1774, or since 312 1 9 1,445 >5 10* 2,319 12 6*

f. 514 8 6* 3,242 12 4* 8,394 14

The estimated Value of all the demised Estates of the Crown, according to the Schedule made up in 1 "86, annexed to our First Report, was 102,626/. 14 besides Mines, and other Property, of uncertain Yearly Value.

The Surveys by which that Value is stated are of various Dates, from the Time of the Commonwealth down to the Year 1786, when that Schedule was made out.

After an attentive Consideration of the Estates of the Crown in the different Parts of England, and taking every Means to obtain Information of their Value, which we could take without incurring a very great Expence, wishing to draw the Attention of Government to the Care and Improvement of them, and at the same Time to avoid the Danger of holding out any extravagant Expectation, we give it as our Opi-

nion, that under a careful Management, and following the Plan we have suggested, the demised Estates of the Crown may, at the Expiration of the present Leases, be expected to yield an Income of at least 200,000l. a Year.

In the Report which we intend to make on the System of Management, we shall bring under View, in One Statement, the Advantages in Point of Revenue, which we expect may be derived from the Woods and Forests, Crown Lands, and Fee Farm Rents, if the Plans which we have thought it our Duty to propose shall be adopted.

(l. s.)

Land Revenue Office, Jn° Call, (l. s.)

Scotland Yard, (l. s.)

May 25th, 1792.

APPENDIX.

N*

1. Letter from the Trustees for the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, to the Earl of Danby,

Lord High Treasurer, 21st January 1678-9 ——

2. Extracts from an Act, intituled, "An Act for the better Support of her Majesty’s

" Household, and of the Honor and Dignity of the Crown," 1st Annie, Cap. 7.

3. Letter from Mr. Harrison, Acting Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, 27th March 1792 - -

4. A. A State of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in each County

and Division within the Department of James West, Esquire, Auditor of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, as given in Charge to the Receivers General upon or after the Death of Catherine Queen Dowager; with an Account of the Fees and Wages, Perpetual Pensions, and all other Charges thereon -.....-

B. A similar Account for the Division of Henry Shelley, Esquire, Auditor

C. An Abstract of the Two preceding Accounts ——

5. A State of the Amount of all the Pensions, Stipends, and other Annual Pay.

ments, charged on the Land Revenue, within the Divisions of James West and Henry Shelley, Esquires, and comprized under the Denomination of Perpetual Pensions, distinguishing such as were established or confirmed by the Pension Deed, 5th June 1677, from those established by subsequent Authority; and also distinguishing such as have ceased to be paid, in consequence of the Discontinuance of the Schools, Chapels, or other Foundations to which they were payable - - -....

6. Abstract of an Account in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown

Lands, intituled, " An Accompt of such Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, as being yet undisposed of, remaine in Charge in the Great Rolle of the Ex-« chequer, and are yearly written in Processe to the Sheriffes of the severall Countyes, Cittyes, & Townes of Enand by them answered and paid upon their Accompts before the Clerke of the Pipe. ’ Dated *'5lh April 1701 -

Page

857

857

859

860

871

874

876

7- A State

re than fomelj Account of lit

es.

e Part, probabW vebcen renewed; ted on the Expi-> great as may bt

»s surveyed under e Year 17741md since that Year. imated Values by Surveyors are aj

Yearly Values by new Surveys.

£. i L

6,075 2 3t 2.31912 6;

;\ 8,394 M 9t

fluent, and follow-le demised Estates lion of the present Income of at least

d to make on the 'ins; under View, in n Point of Revenue, Vom the Woods and 1 arm Rents, if the nr Duty to propose

1 luldkton, (l. s.)

4 M

rijrJi/ce, (l. s.)

Page

>h

857

‘tv's

i- 857

the

859

inty r ot vers an ther . 860

- 871

- 874

’ay*

and

tual

sion

also

:on*

)wn

85 Ex* :rall laid

it *

Geo. III.

£5° Mail.

855

N°

7-

9-

10.

) 1.

12.

A State of the Amount of the estimated Yearly Value of the demised Land Revenue of the Crown, in each- County in England and Wales, and of the reserved Rents payable to the Crown for the same, upon or after the Decease of Catherine Queen Dowager of England, on the 20th of December 1705, O. S. as nearly as the same can be ascertained from the Surveys and Accounts in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands ——

A State of the Amount of the estimated Yearly Value of the demised Land Revenue of the Crown, in each County in England and Wales, and of the reserved Rents payable to the Crown for the same, at the Time of His Majesty’s Accession, on the 2.5th of October 1760, according to the Surveys and Accounts in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands -An Account of all Fines paid for Leases from the Crown, from the Death of Catherine Queen Dowager (December 20th 1705, O. S.) to the 25th October 1760; distinguishing England from Wales, and stating the Amount in each Year, for Houses and lands separately, and also shewing what Fines set by. the Surveyor General were remitted or reduced by the Lords of the Treasury, during the same Period -A similar Account of Fines for Crown Leases from 10th October 1760 to the End of the Year 1786 ——

A. An Account of the Net Produce of the Rents of the Land Revenue, within the Divisions of James West and Henry Shelley, Esquires, Auditors, from the Death of Catherine Queen Dowager, to Michaelmas 1760 — with Com-

putations ——

A State of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in each County and Division, within the Department of Mr. Auditor West, as given In Charge to the Receivers General at the Time of His Majesty’s Accession, in October 1760; with an Account of the Fees, Wages, perpetual Pensions,' and all other Charges thereon - .

Page

880

- 881

B.

and

c.

A.

882

885

887

889

901

904

9° 7

940

944

- 946

15.

16.

B. A similar Account for the Division of Mr. Auditor Shelley - -

C. An Abstract of the Two Accounts last aforegoing- - -

1 3. A. A similar Statement of the Amount of the Refits of the s&id Revenue, within the Division of Alt. Auditor West, and of the Charges thereon at Michaelmas 178G....

B. A like Account for the Division of Mr, Auditor Shelley -

C. An Abstract of the Two Accounts last aforegoing -

14. A State of the Amount of all Debentures paid by the Receivers General of His Majesty’s Land Revenue, within the Divisions of James West, Esquife, and Henri/ Shelley, Esquire, by virtue of Warrants from the Treasury, out of Monies arising from the said Revenue, from the Time of His Majesty’s Accession to the End of the Year 1786, shewing to whom and for what Purposes issued - -Two ancient Papers concerning Mizes, one of them intituled, "A of the

" Mizes, 27 Sept. 1610;" and the other " Mizes Wales and Chesshire, and the " Times of their Payments, V2 Jan. 1608" - - - - ’ - , . - 948

State of the Land Revenue in Wales, extracted1 from a Pook in the Office of the Surveyor Gerteral of the Cradn Lands, dated the 16th Of March 1701-2, intituled, " An Account of all Lands, Rents, and Estates, belonging td th’O CroWh " undisposed of, ns far as the Surveyor General hath'Obtalhed Information by " Certificate from the Auditor, or otherwise" - - > -/ 950

17. Representation of Thomas Wynn, Esquire, Auditor of His Majesty’^Land Revertufe

in North Wales and of Richard Price and Henry Lite, Esquires, Auditors of the said Revenue within the County of Chester, to the Lords of the Treasury , -> 952

18. A. AS Account of Sir Lynch Salusbury Colton, Baronet, Receiver (general of the

Land Revenue in North Wales, for One Year, ending 10th October 1761 954

B. An Account of Henry Lord Holland, and Richard Bateman, Esquire, Receivers General of the Land Revenue in South Wales and Monmouth, for One Year, ending 10th October 1761 ----- -- 9^5

19. A. A State of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue of North and South Wales, and of the Annual Charges thereon, with a particular Account of the Fees and Wages paid out of the said Revenue at Michaelmas 1786

20. A. An Account of the Produce and Expenditure of the Land Revenue in North

and South Wales, and County of Monmouth, for 26 Years, from 10th October 1760 to 10th October 1786 ——

19. B. A State of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in North and

South Wales, and of the Annual Charges thereon at Michaelmas 1790 -

20. B. An Account of the Produce and Expenditure of the Land Revenue in

North and South Wales, for 30 Years, from 10th October 1760 to 10th

October 1790 -

8i. Grant to Henry De Nassau Seignior UAuverquerque, and his Heirs, of Two Annual Sums of 800l. and 1,200l. payable out of the Land Revenue in Wales, dated 9th June, 6 William and Mary ——

V®l. 47. 22. A

956

9G0

963

966

968

State

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

856 25° Mail. A. 1792,

Twelfth Report on the Lund Revenue.

N* _ _ Page

22. A State of the Amount of the estimated Yearly Value of the demised Land Revenue of the Crown, in each County in England and Wales, and of the reserved Rents payable to the Crown for the same, at Michaelmas 1786, and also of the increased Rents reserved to commence at subsequent Periods; with an Account, shewing the Amount of the Yearly Value of the Estates which will Annually fall into Hand on the Expiration of the Leases thereof, distinguishing Houses from Lands ——

23. An Account of all Monies paid into the Exchequer for Fines of Leases, Grants

in Fee, or Rents, of any Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown, from the Accession of His present Majesty to the End of the Year 1786

24. An Account of the several Appointments in the Office of the Surveyor General

of the Crown Lands, and of the Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments, received from the Public or Individuals, by the Surveyor General, and the Clerks and Officers in his Department; and also of all incidental Charges paid by the Crown relative to the said Office ——

25. A. A State of the Appointments in the Office of James West, Esquire, Auditor, with the Salaries, Fees, and Allowances or Emoluments, received from the Public or Individuals by the Auditor, Deputy, Clerks, and other Officers under him, for any Business concerning the Land Revenue -

B. A similar Account for the Division of Henry Shelley, Esquire, Auditor -

C. A similar Account for the Division of Thomas Johnes, Esquire, Auditor -

26. Accounts of the Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments of the Receivers General of the

Land Revenue, prior to the Sale of any of the Rents in their Collection, with an Abstract thereof ——

27. A State of the Amount of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Emoluments of the several Auditors of the Land Revenue, and of the Receivers within their respective Divisions, abstracted from their Returns to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue ——

28. An Account of all Lands and Estates belonging to the Crown, granted in Fee,

since the 25th of March 1702 - -

29. Letter from Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, dated May 16th 1792 ----- ---- 1006

30. Extract from a Report of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands to the

Lords of the Treasury, on the Application of Lord for a Grant in

Fee of the Manors of Mulgrave and Seaton, in Yorkshire, pursuant to an Act of Parliament passed in the Year 1767 ----- -- 1006

31. A State of the Forms of Proceeding in passing Crown Leases through the several

Offices concerned therein, from the first Application for, to the final Completion of the Lease -- ----- ----- 1006

32. A State of the Rules observed in the Surveyor General’s Office, in setting Fines

and reserved Rents, for Leases of the Crown Land Revenue - - - - 1007

33. A State of the Comparative Amount of the Produce of the One Eighth Part of the Value of the demised Estates of the Crown, which is reserved in Rent, and of the Seven Eighth Parts, which are paid for in Fine - - - - -1010

34. Accounts of various Plans of Management of large Estates in Houses and Building

Ground, and Opinions of Surveyors on the same Subject - - - -1011

35. Opinions of Surveyors relative to the Management of large Estates in Land - 1015

36. Estates held under Leases from the Crown, surveyed by Order of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue - -- 1022

969

972

973

975

980

984

986

1002

1003

N* 1.

32 Geo. III.

.25°

Mail

857

1 ( T

N° 1.

- . To the II' Honotl? Thomas', Earle of Danby, L4 1 . 'High'Treuf of England.

May it please yo' Lop,

‘ Since yor Lop hath entered into the Consider3c3n of our Misfortune, -in having been disabled of keeping a perfect Account of all the Sales of his Ma1’* Fee Farm Rents, & other Rents, by the imposing upon us as well ttny ot^er Person.or Persons in lrust for her Majesty, an Audito'of the Rates, as Clarkes of the Contracts her Heirs, or Successors, in Possession, Reversion, and Entryes thereof, contrary to our Desyres & Ap-‘ Remainder, Use, or Expectancy, whether the same be.

them, or by Copy of Court Roll, or otherwise how- Twelfth It. a <rt soever, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, d

Rents, Tythes, Woods, or other Hereditaments (Ad- v____________

vowsons of Churches and Vicarages only excepted) within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any of them, or any Part thereof, now belonging, or hereafter to belong, to her Majesty, her' Heirs, or Successors, or

plycacons made to the then L4* Com" of the Treary, leaving us nothing to do but to sign, seale, execute, & acknowledge those Conveyances, whereof no certain Entryes or Accounts were kept or made up by the Negligence of those Psons so intrusted therein. And yor Lop taking Notice that Mr. llobt Brent, by having

or shall be, in Right of the Crown of England, or as Part of the Principality of Wales, or of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or otherwise howsoever, to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate whatsoever, whereby any Estate or Interest whatsoever, in Law or Equity, shall or may pass from her Majesty,

bin imployed by divers Purchaso" of those Rents, hath ller Heirs, or Successors, shall be utterly void and of

enabled himself, in a great Measure, to find out & supply the Defects & Defaults of those Officers, and hath been thereupon allready encouraged by yo' Lop to proceed in that-Service, and is the only Person that wee conceive to be most able & likely to perfect the Account, wee thinke it our Duty humbly to desire yor Lop to be a Meanes to obtain Leave for him to come and reside here for such Time as shal be necessary for the accomplishing of that Worke, so much importing his Ma1’1 Service, yor Lop’* Satisfaccon, & our Security therein, wch wee humbly submit to yo' Lop* great Judgm*, & remayn,

My Ld,

21 Jan. 167-5. Yor Lop* very humble Servants,

Fr. Hawley, C. Harbord, W" Heyward,

Jo. Talbott.

A true Copy.

WnHarrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N° 2.

1 Anna, Cap. 7.

Extracts from an Act, intituled " An Act for the " better Support of her Majesty’s Houshold, and " of the Honor and Dignity of the Crown."

Sec. V. And whereas the necessary Expences of supporting the Crown, or the greatest Part of them, were formerly defrayed by a Land Revenue, which hath, from Time to Time, been impaired and diminished, by the Grants of former Kings and Queens of this Realm, so that her Majesty’s Land Revenues at present can afford very little towards the Support of her Government; nevertheless, from Time to Time, upon the Determination of the particular Estates, whereupon many Reversions and Remainders in the Crown do now depend or expect, and by such Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, as may hereafter descend, escheat, or otherwise accrue or come to her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, the Land Revenues of the Crown, in Fines, Rents, and other Profits thereof, may hereafter be increased, and, consequently, the Burthen upon the Estates of the Subjects of this Realm, and Twentieth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord may be eased and lessened, in all future Provisions to One thousand Seven hundred and Two, to demise or be made for the Expences of the Civil Government: grant such Tenements or Hereditaments to any Person

To the End therefore that the Land Revenues of the or Persons, for any Term or Estate, so as such Term or Crown may be preserved, improved, and increased, for Estate do not exceed Fifty Years, or Three Lives, and the best Advantage thereof, Be it Enacted and Declared, so as such Lease or Grant be made to commence from by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Grant, the Date or making thereof; or if such Grant or Lease Lease, or other Assurance, which from and after the be made to take Effect in Reversion or Expectancy,

none Effect, unless such G rant, Lease, or Assurance be made for some Term or Estate, not exceeding One and Thirty Years, or Three Lives, or for some Term of Years determinable upon One, Two, or Three Lives; and unless such Grant, Lease, or Assurance respectively be made to commence from the Date or making thereof; and if such Grant, Lease, or Assurance be made to take Effect in Reversion or Expectancy, that then the same, together with the Estate or Estates in Possession of and in the Premisses therein contained, do not exceed Three Lives, or the Term of One and Thirty Years in the Whole; and unless such Grant, Lease or Assurance respectively be so made, that the Tenant be liable to Punishment for Waste; and unless there be reserved upon every such Grant, Lease, or Assurance respectively, the ancient or most usual Rent, or more, or such Rent as hath been reserved, yielded, and paid for such of the said Manors, Messuages Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, as shall be therein contained, for the greater Part of Twenty Years before the making thereof; and where no such Rent shall have been reserved or payable, that then upon every such Grant, Lease, or Assurance, there he reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the Third Part of the clear Yearly Value of such of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, as shall be contained in such Lease or Grant; and unless such respective Rents be made payable to her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, who shall make such Lease or Grant, and to her or their Heirs or Successors, during the whole Term or Time of the Continuance thereof, respectively.

Sec. VI. Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted and Declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, where the greatest Part of the Yearly Value of any Tenements or Hereditaments belonging or hereafter to belong, to her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, doth or shall, at the Time of making any Lease or Grant thereof, consist of the Building or Buildings thereupon, which may want to be repaired or re-edified, in all and every such Case and Cases, to encourage the Rebuilding or Reparation thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, at any Time after the said Five

Five-and-Twentieth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Two, shall be made or granted by her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, under the

that then the same, together with the Estate or Estates in Possession of and in the same Tenements or Hereditaments, do not exceed Fifty Years, or Three Lives, from the Date or making as aforesaid, and so as the

Great Seal of England, Exchequer Seal, Seals of the same be not made dispuuishable of Waste, and so as Dutchy and Comity Palatine of Lancaster, or any of there be reserved and payable upon any such Lease or Vo 1..47. 10 I Grant,

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report Grant, (faring such Terth, not eXoeeding Fifty Yews, in Execution for any Debt owing or to be due to the oa the Lind Three Lives, as much Rent as is by this Act required Crown, as she or they shall think fit; or to make any cvoiiue. to be reserved far the same Tenements or Hereditaments Grants or Admittances, which of Right or Custom respectively, in case of a Lease not exceeding One and ought to be made of any Copyhold Lands, Tenements, Thirty Yeare, or Three Lives, as aforesaid, and not or Hereditaments, Parcel of any Manor or Manors of otherwise; any Thing herein contained to the contrary her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, or to disable Ae notwithstanding. Trustees for Sale of Fee Farm and other Rents, to

Sec. VIII. Provided always, That this Act, or any execute any the Trusts, Powers, or other Matters or Thing therein contained, shaM not extend to disable Things by them to be executed, done, or performed, her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, to make such in pursuance of the several Acts of Parliament Concern-Leases, Copies, or Grants, as she or they may make by ing the Sale of the said Rents, or the making of such virtae of an Act of Parliament made and nassed in the Reprizes as ought to be made by them; any Thing Twelfth Year of the Reign of his said fate Majesty herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

King William, for making Leases or Copies of Offices, Sec. IX. Saving always to all and every Person Lands, or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Dutchy of and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their CormoaU, or annexed to the same, or to alter or preju- Heirs and Successors, Executors, Administrators, and dice any the Powers, Matters, or Things therein con- Assigns, other than to our said Sovereign Lady, her tained, or to be done in pursuance thereof, or to disable Heirs, and Successors, all such Rights, Titles, Estate^ her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, to make any Customs, Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, Grant or Restitution of any Estate or Estates hereafter of, in, or to, or out of the Revenues, Hereditaments, to be forfeited for any Treason or Felony whatsoever; and other the Premisses aforesaid, or any of them, at or to disable her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, to they or any of them had or ought to have had before grant, demise, or assign any Lands, Tenements, or the making of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Hereditaments, which shall be seized or taken into her Purposes, as if this Act had never been made; any or their Hands upon any Outlaw rv, at the Suit of her Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 'Or their Subjects, as hath been usual; or any F.state whatsoever, which it or shall be seized, extended, or taken

V 3.

S

32 Geo. III.

M

59

N* 3.

Gentlemen,

Surveyor General's Office,

St. James's Place, March 1792.

IN Obedience to the Requisitions in your Letter of the 23d Instant, desiring that I would inform you what was done in Consequence of the Orders of the House of Commons of the 9th of April and 13th of February 1701, requiring the Surveyor General to lay before the House Accounts of the Crown Lands, &e. then undisposed of; and that if the Accounts required by those Orders were made out, and there is any Copy of them remaining in this Office, a Copy thereof might be transmitted to you:

I have the Honour to acquaint you, that it appears by the Entries in this Office, that on the Receipt of the First of those Orders, the Surveyor General sent to the several Auditors and Clerk of the Pipe for Accounts of the Land Revenue in Charge before them; and that from the Returns received fvotn them, and such other Materials as the Surveyor General was possessed of, an Account was prepared to be laid before the House, intituled, " An Account of all Lands, Rents, and Estates " belonging to the Crown undisposed of, as fat as the " Surveyor General hath Obtained Information, by Certificate from the Auditors, or otherwise."

There is not; any perfect Copy of that Account remaining in this Office. The Draft or foul Copy, which is bound up with other Papers of that Period, appears to want Two Leaves; and by another Copy of it in this Office, made about Fifty Years afterwards, those Leaves appear to have been missing at that Time. From the original Account, which is sent herewith for your Itv-

spection, you will observe that it was first concluded and Twelfth h. p.,rt dated May the 29th, 1701, somewhat moio than Six oft Lmrfl Weeks after the Date of she First Order of Parliamenti^evPl,a>' and that upon further Information being received from One of the Auditors, it was afterwards altered, and is mentioned to have been transcribed again the 16th of March 1701, about a Month after the Date of the Second Order; but there is nothing in this Office which shews whether it was ever presented to the House or not.

I have carefully perused tire Account compiled by the Surveyor General, and such of the Certificates of the Auditors as have been preserved, from which it appears, that the Information the Surveyor General had obtained was extremely defective; so that if that Account had remained entire, it would Still have been very imperfect.

Respecting the Revenue in the Counties of,

Nottingham, Derby, Essex, Hertford, and Middlesex,

the Auditor certified, that no particular Rentals had been delivered to him by the former Auditor, so that he could not set forth the particular Rents, but only the gross Charge from the last Statements, with the Yearly Pensions. No Return appears to have been made to the Surveyor General of the State of the Revenue in the Counties of Suffolk and 'Cambridge; but the Auditor merely stated, that no Accounts had been made up for that Division since 1674, and that he was informed the Rents unsold would not discharge the Pensions; and I observe, in that Part of the Surveyor General’s Account, intituled, " Estates in several Counties in Jointure to the " Queen Dowager, the Reversions whereof do not appear " to have been granted away," there is no mention of the Counties in which the following Estates lie, which were then Part of the Queeft Dowager’s Jointure, and are now held under Leases from the Crown; viz.

Manor of Burtcell - *

Manor of Eckingttfl -

Manor of finest ham add S

Manor and Hundred of St See.

Manors of Twickenham and Edmonton, &c.

Manors of Wymondltentt, East Dereham,

West Walton, See. - -

Manors of Newark, &c.- -

And Manors of Hampton in Arden, and Rowingten

<S/ocHoh-&con,|

Cambridgeshire. Derby>

Essex.

Gloucester.

Middlesex.

Nottingham.

Warwick.

Upon the whole, the Account, though mentioned to be " the best the Surveyor General could lay before the 4‘ House," appears to be such as is by no Means to be relied On. If, after you have perused it, you desire to have a Copy of it, 1 will immediately order it to be made out.

Sir Charles Middleton, Bart.

Sir Jn° Call, Bart, and John Fordyce, Esq.

Commissioned of the Land Revenue.

I have the Honour to be, with great Respect, Gentlemen,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

W* HARRISON.

Vol.

W2 3 <» 3 <

fs’s

»f5

g

o

a

N° 4. A.

A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in each County and Division, within the Department of Mr. Auditor West, as given in Charge to the Receivers General, upon or after the Death of Catherine Queen Dowager: With an Account of the Fees and Wages, Perpetual Pensions, Rents exonerated, being sold or granted away for Terms of Years; Arrears; and all other Charges thereon.

CD

o

Essex,

Hertford,

Middlesex

London,

This State is extracted from the Account of David Codd, Gentleman, Receiver General, for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 1707, when the Queen Dowager’s Jointure'

was first charged on the Accountant for Two Years to that Period.

D

CQ‘

r+

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

FT

L_

CHARGE:

Essex:

Yearly Revenue

New Rents -

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Hertford:

Yearly Revenue New Rents

Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Rents

Middlesex:

Yearly Revenue New Rents

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£. s. d.

216 16 6 i

4 16 8

708 7 9 i

88 A *9 4t

430 8 9

9 5

164 6 10 I

25 2 6

321 7 9*

£. s. d.

930 — 11 *

532 13 1 i

DISCHARGE:

1 \

Essex, Hertford, Middlesex, and London.

Fees and Wages to the Receiver, Auditor, &c. -Perpetual Pensions, &c. - - -

Gaol Keeper of St. Albans . - -

Steward and Bailiff" of the Manor of Havering

D* ----- - Manor of Hitchin -

i. s. d.

Rents sold

{Hertford Middlesex London

Queen Dowager’s {Hertford Jointure ‘[Middlesex

16 2 — 82 —

£. s. d.

5 10 — -7 ~ io*

69 4 5t

81 15 4

- 225 9 8

57 19 3 i

- 9 18 —

----- -- — 293 6 u i

£. s. d.

95 ——

219 15 10 11 14

24 4 —

375 2 3

£. s. d.

SV

-Q

to

!l LVnffi PvrmrvntPfl. f TllC Rontof thr> NJpw Rivnr

r n 1

o

o

o

oo

FT

J V A

o l

- - - - — vitttMIQ

<5

o

h*

i>ew items

33\ 7 9 *

20 15 4

London:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

233 13 5 73 7 4

531 >2 5*

307

nonts exonerated, I The Kent of the New Kiver

granted away { The Manor of Tring, Herts ’ ,

in Fee - - \ Tenements near Somerset House, Strand

d.

6 i

fEssex

Rents granted for Terms of Years -Queen Dowager’s (

Jointure - - I

(^Middlesex

180 13

>49 -

76 —

185 >>

f 2 7 1

{ 20 [ 86 1

2 h

2

8

4

2,301 7 3 t

Land Tax f Yearly Revenue - - ' '

allowed Queen Dowager s Jointure

ARREARS:

Rents alleged to be sold in Essex, Hertford, Middlesex, &c

Desperate Rents _

Rents claimed by Lord Somers Queen Dowager's Jointure -

an3 <; 1 f

£3 6 8

65 4 4 i

23 8 4

336 >9 6i

185 11 2 i

- >33 7 2

23 1 6

37 9 4

- m

m

3 73 12 3

£. s. d. 91 19 4*

CO

655 17 i°i

60 10 10

186 3 3 i 78 611 96 — 4

313 16

£. s- <*

1,533 ’I 7

tr

Norfolk:

Yearly Revenue -Queen Dowager s Jointure New Rent — Wymondham, East Dereham, &c.

Huntingdon .*

Yearly Revenue -Queen Dowager's Jointure

Norm andl Ftom Account of Dmii Coiit Gentleman, Receiver General, for On. Year, ending a, Huntingdon./

Norfolk and Huntingdon:

Michaelmas 1707

£. s. d.

77i 19 9 T

198 13 3

970 13

Fees and Wages - , c". , .

Perpetual Pensions, Procurations, and Sinodals Rents sold after the Death of Queen Dowager - _ _

Exonerated the Manors of Wymondham, Ac. Terrjngton -Granted in Fee to the Earl of Portland-Mano,

Granted in Fee-County Huntingdon-Queen Dowager _

Auditors Scry. Fee - - y- -Reve'ue . - -

Land Tax allowed - - \ Queen Dowager’s Jointure

ARREARS:

Yearly Revenue - _ -

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

03

to

O

o

£. d. £. * d-

- 79 3 4 29 15 0 185 18 4 T 207 15 8* 213 7 7 178 4 3 1 8 —

4 —

7 _ 7 4"_ 902 1 9 £ 93 16 t

- 68 2 5 i 25 13 7*

£. 996 12 1 1 T

QD

Is?

D

cgj

n'

CD

Q.

O

o

(S

FT

Kent, 1 From the Account of Jo/m Lowndes, Receiver General, for Five Years, to Michaelmas 1716.

Surrey ?

Sussex ’J Note. — The preceding Account, or Accounts, of Robert Hart, Receiver General, from 1698, are mislaid.

CHARGE:

Kent:

Yearly Revenue New Rent

Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Rent

Surrey:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Rents

Sussex:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Rent

£. s. d.

120 6 4 — 6 8 982 16 5 I 2168

68 19 8 |

572 3 4

9 10 —

33 »4 2*

263 15 4

5 5 —

£. s. d.

1,106 6 2J

650 13 — f

302 14 6 {

DISCHARGE: Kent, Surrey, and Sussex:

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions

Rents sold

Jointure

Rents granted away.

Kent- — Manor of Neatseourt c f Divers Rents in Chertsey, &c. Sum? \Manor of Kgham - -

Sussex — Sedgwick Park -

Steward of the Honor of Otford Gaol Keeper of Maidstone

Auditor’s

Scrys.

Kent

Surrey

Sussex

Taxes allowed in the Three Counties, about ' Yearly Revenue

Arrears - <

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

[Kent

- s Surrey [Sussex -

[Kent -

- ! Surrey -[Sussex -

2,059 13 9

m [Kent - £. 60 12 8 i

Surrey - 31 11 2

[Sussex - 3* 7 4

[Kent - £. 12 4

| Surrey - - 3 9 11

[Sussex " 4 6 . —

19 16 3

[Kent - - 202 18 44

Surrey - - 32 2 7 k

[Sussex - - 102 17 3

71 14 *

140 — 10 |

64 5 84

55 5

18 15 —

3 16 — i

1 18 —

— 8 —

32 8 24

35 10 —

2 16 8

554 19 9 t 274 }0 45 15

£. s. d.

71 6 8

123 11 2 i

357 14 64

331 6 6

22 it — J

46 — 40 6 —

£. s d.

00

Oi

to

Oi* .

*0 .

951

945 14 94 1,896 16 9

k

SO

to

f c* t v___________________ \;____________-

J'SorthtimDfnn mull

..» M . j

Vf "10 A

A

Northampton and] Rutland. J

...1

From the Account of Robert Har, Gentleman, for Six Years,

ending at Michaelmas

l7n-

7-

Northampton and Rutland:

Fees and Wages - -

Perpetual Pensions -

Rents sold - Revenu'. ‘

/Queen Dowager s Jointure

Rents granted away — -Queen Dowager's Jointure

Woodwards of Whittlewood and Salcey -

Other Officers of D°, then paid by Receiver General

'Faxes allowed, about -

Arrears

North’ton

/Yearly Revenue /Queen Dowager’s Jointure

_ Rutland — Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£. s. d. £. 3. d.

51 13 4

96 4 4

£. 24 6 9

317 16 (i

342 3 3

- - - 1,061 15 7

10 — —:

24 l6 8

34 Hi 8

6 — —

*,592 13 2 i

13 4 1 i

129 16 10 i 143 11 i

- - - 94 1 1 i

237 2 1 i

£. 1,829 15 4

CJ3

to

O

w

o

Lancaster

Westmorland,

Cumberland.

the Account of John Stainforth, Gentleman, for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 1715.

Note. — In the Account of Robert Hart, for Six-Years, ending 1711, no Distinction is made as to the Queen Dowager’s Jointure in the Receiver’s Charge.

Lancaster:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Westmoi'land:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Cumberland:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£. s. d. £. s. d.

238 2 4 i 220 3 8 458 6 1

50 3 — 370 7 6 420 10 6

72 3 6 775 4 9i 847 8 3

1,726 4 11

Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland:

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions

Lancaster Westmorland Cumberland -

Four Itinerant Preachers Bailiff of Wharton

Rent granted away

’Lancaster - Westmorland Cumberland

Taxes allowed, about

Arrears

/Lancaster Westmorland [Cumberland -

£. s. d.

- 16 13 4

- 37 7 4

- 42 19 2

£. s. d. 52 ——

96 19 10 200 ——

£. s. d.

-170 — 2 -370 7 6 i

- 757 »5 — I

1,298 2 9 1117 7

8 3 1 10 4 7

25 — 6

1,660 —

43 8

2

2

L703 8 4

1 2 H - 4

S--<* g

if

00

Oi

-CHARGE: £. s. d. £ s d*

Yearly Revenue 583 11 11

New Rents - 2 14 7

Queen Dowager’s Jointure - 2,648 6 — |

£. 3.23412 7

York. — From the Account of Robert Hart, Gentleman, for Six Years, ending at Michaelmas 1711

DISCHARGE:

York:

Fees and Wages - -

Perpetual Pensions ——

Rents sold — Queen Dowager’s Jointure Rents granted away - D°

Taxes allowed ——

Arrears -

f Yearly Revenue \Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£. s. d.

- . 64 13 4

469 7 11 i

- - - - - 824 5 8 i

3i7 7 10J

144 5 — i

. - - - 75 l6 9

- - - - 1,302 2 1

W2 H

to = <

H 3-

3 (D — >

« f3-

O

£. d.

1,819 19 11 1,377 >8 10

3.197 18 9

D

eg'

i — h

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

o§.

rT

Richmond, "1

Durham, and J From the Account of John Stainforth, Gentleman, for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 1715. Northumberland. J

Richmond: £. s. d. £. s. d.

Yearly Revenue 36 — 8 J

Queen Dowager’s Jointure - 883 1 11

919 2 7 i

Durham: -

Yearly Revenue 307 14 9

Queen Dowager’s Jointure - 1,509 5 9 *

1,817 — 6*

Northumberland:

Yearly Revenue 148 15 81

Queen Dowager’s Jointure - 795 9 i*

944 4 10i

£. 3,680 8 — i

Richmond, Durham, and Northumberland:

Fees and Wages -

{Richmond Durham

Northumberland

Rents sold

{Richmond Durham

N orthumberland

Steward of Richmond Fee Taxes allowed, about

Arrears - \

{Richmond -Durham

Northumberland -

~ . f Richmond -

Queen Dowagers 11)urhjm _ .

Jointure - - \Northumberla„d.

£. 31 9 10

- 90 6 8

-104 17 7

- 467 13 3

- 54i 6 1 i

- 259 14 10J

-416 8 8

- 967 19 8£

- 535 14 3

£. sd.

52 ——

226 14 1

1,268 14 2 50 6 4 33 4 3

156 18 11 }

1,920 2 7

£. s. d.

1,630 18 10

2,077 1 7 i

3,708 — 6

864 25° Man. A. 1792.

o

It*

S»

Stafford:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Rent

Hereford:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Rent

Salop:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Worcester:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

JBedford:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

2 New Rent

Bucks:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Stafford,

Hereford,

Salop,

I Worcester.

£. s. d.

169 4 2ft

370 1 7 X — T

57 5 lift

270 4 9

6 13 4

122 11 3

137 8 —

151 4 6 .

172 7 8

From the Account of Mary Digt>y, Widow and Executrix of John Digby, Receiver for the Year 1706.

Stafford, Hereford\Salop, and Worcester:

£. s. d.

540 11 3i

334 4 — ft

259 *9 3

323 12 2

1,458 6 8 $

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions

Rents sold — Queen t)owager’s Jointure.

fStafford £.25 18 — '\Salop - 123 18 —

Rents granted away

Taxes allowed Arrears

D*

[Stafford 215 19 8

-I Hereford 73 17 1

[Worcester 33 8 41

fYearly Revenue - 5° ——

‘\Queen Dowager’s Jointure 5 19 3

£. s. d. 102 13 4 361 — 10

149 16 —

323 5

55 19 3

£. s. d.

992 14 61

440 ——

1,432 14 6 ft

Bucks.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

56 18 10

267 3 6 J

— 13 4

324 15 8}

80 1 8 ft

238 12 8ft

318 14 5ft

£. 643 10 if

From the Account of John Duncombe, Esquire, Receiver for the Year 1706-

Bedford and Bucks:

Fees and Wages -

Perpetual Pensions -

Rents sold — Queen Dowager’s Jointure Rents granted away - - D*

Taxes allowed -

Arrears

Yearly Revenue - - ‘{buc

Queen Dowager’s Jointure - Bucks

£.1 9 1 — 18 3*

£. s.d.

54 ——

70 19 4 ft

340 12 3 ft 114 4 21 8

4ft

5

274ft *4---

£. s. d.

601 4 5ft

26 7 41 627 it 10

00

Pi

Or

S?8?

m

32 Geo. III. 2.5° Mali.

r

CHARGE:

Suffolk:

Yearly Revenue Feodary Rents (coifi'j Annis) Queen Dowager’s Jointure -New Rents -

Cambridge:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Cmnbrtd^. } From ^e Account of the aforesaid John Duncombe, Receiver for the same Year 1706.

DISCHARGE:

Suffolk and Cambridge:

£. s. d. £. 3. d. |

49 2 9i

15 — — I

452 7 5i

7 3 4 523 13

7

35 H 2f

191 10 6| 227 9*

4

£. 750 18 4 i

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions -

Rents granted away — Queen Dowager’s Jointure Auditor’s Scry. Money -

Land Tax allowed -

Arrears....

r £. 1 to —

" [ 1 10 —

£. s. d.

75 16 8

46 3 5

220 13 5

3 _ _

27 18 4

m

c a>

? r

if

£. d.

373 11 *0

306 8 6 £

680 — 4 I

D

(O'

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

4

?T

Oxford:

Yeariy Revenue

Queen Dowager’s Jointure -

Profits of Courts---- Hone

Ewei me -

Berks:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£.s. d.

-: 64 15 2|

- 461 5 —

of

- 1 — 6

113 — 7i

200 10 3|

Berks.

£. s. d.

aiM*} From the Account of William Roberts, Esquire, Receiver for the Yetlrs 1706, 1707, 1708.

Oxford and Berks:

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions -

Rents sold

527 — 8 *

313 10 ioi

840 ii *7 4

f Receiver and Auditor [Steward of East Hendred -

£. s. d.

34 ——

(Yearly Revenue, Berks - - - - 568

Queen Dowager’s fOxon £. 256 8 3

Jointure - -[Berks - 34 J6 6

----- ----- -- 291 4 9

Honor of Ewelme — Steward and Bailiff, &c. Auditor’s Scry. Money -

T-allowed -

Arrears

[Yearly Revenue [Queen Dowager’s Jointure

fOxford ’[Berks.

fOxford [Berks -

37 10 11| 17 10 9

196 — 11

50 10 10

£. s. d.

35 ——

102 l — l

296 11 5

23 9 21

55 81

24 6 11 9

£ s. d.

490 11 71

301 13 5 1

7pe» Si

866 25° Man. A. 1792.

1 f Yearly Arrears -< [tineon Revenue - f Oxford; _ 3 7 *0 17 0

Downyor’* Jointure /Oxford " IJc-l JU*. j - l —

- -rn r»

S *

g

(Q

r — h

N'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

(S

FT

s

4

Berks:

Yearly Revenue

Bucks: Yearly Revenue

Honor and Castle of "I

Windsor, in IterAs I From the Account of Joseph Burt, Gentleman, for Six Years, ending at Michaelmas 1727. (No Account before from *6q8,) and Bucks. v y '}

£. s. d.

Fees and Wages

Perpetual Pensions. Vicar of Old and New Windsor Land Tax allowed

173 5 43 12 1

221 18 — 4

Arrears

(Berks

(Bucks

£. s. d.

40 11 1

3 -

42 —

172 19 1$

10 ——

N. B. The Manor of Cookham, at £.67 18 — i) ? „ , .

And the Manor of Bray, at 67 5 6iL \35-3- 6*. are both returned in Arrearwith

j j lvthe other old Supers, for the whole Time of the

Account (6 Years) consequently the usual Allowances to the Stewards, Bailiffs, and - Collectors are not claimed in the Discharge as in the State of the Land Revenue delivered to the Commissioners in 1786.

t. s. d.

47 13 »

182 19

Southampton, 1

Wilts, and Gloucester.]

From the Account of Thomas Rudge, Esquire, Receiver for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1706. Taxes allowed — taken at 3-5U1S of £. 155.

See Memorandum in Somerset and Dorset.

Southampton:

Yearly Revenue -Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Wilts:

Yearly Revenue -Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Gloucester:

Yearly Revenue -Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£. s. d.

135 6 11

- Nil.

489 2 7

m m 374 19 5

39 14 9

- 356 10 H

£. s. d.

135 6 11

864 2 —

396 5

L395 14 4*

Southampton, Wilts, and Gloucester,

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions

(Southampton - Wilts -[Gloucester

Bailiff of Burleigh, in New Forest Rents sold — Queen Dowager’s Jointure’

/Wilts -’(Gloucester

£. 3. d.

- 29 10 4

- - 31 14 7

- - -102 *3 7

- - -109 iS 9*4

- m -185 2 7*

Land Tax allowed, (taken at 3*.5ths of £. 155, for these Three Counties, and Somerset and Dorset, blended together in Receiver’s Accounts) -

Arrears

’.I

Yearly Revenue

(Soulh’ton -- I Wilts [Gloucester

- 70 1 3

- 3'8 3 — -33 6

{South’ton -Wilts

Gloucester

Nil.

- 40 ——

-171 8 1

£. s. d. 70 ——

163 18 6 926

2 95 1 5

93 ——

421 10 6£

211 8 1

£. s. d.

631 35

CO

to

H

O

230 12 2±

a

g

(g;

i — h

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

eg.

FT

Somerset and, ) From the Account of the aforesaid Thomas Rudge, for the same Year 1706.

Dorset. J Taxes allowed. — The Five last Counties being made up in One and the same Account, without any Distinction of the Taxes, allowed on each Division, the Whole of which arc claimed together, at £.155, they are here taken and separated at 3-5ths and 2»«

»5ths of that Sum.

CHARGE: I

Somerset: £. s. d. £. *. d. 1

Yearly Revenue - 301 15 3

Queen Dowager’s Jointure - 345 2 4J

646 17 7i

Dorset:

Yearly Revenue - 164 4 — *

Queen Dowager’s Jointure ' - 65 16

Manor of Portland — Profits of Courts 48 7 — i

278 7 li

£. 925 4 8f

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions

Steward and Bailiff of Portland Manor -Rents sold — Queen Dowager’s Jointure

DISCHARGE:

Somerset and Dorset:

f Somerset ^Dorset

£. 171 19 5 - 34 11 8

{Somerset Dorset -

299 13 4t

36 7 8

Taxes allowed, at 2-5ths of £. 155, including Southampton, Wilts, and Gloucester, ut supra Yearly Revenue

Arrears -

/Somerset ^Dorset -

72 18 8* 58 9 10

Queen Dowager’s Jointure -

£. s. d.

657 18 9*

206 5 10* 864 4 8

Devon:

Yearly Revenue -

Honors of Oakhampton and Plymp-

ton....

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Cornwall:

Yearly Revenue -Queen Dowager’s Jointure

ornwall^\ ^rom the Account of William Whiter. Gentleman, Receiver for the same Year 1706.

Devon and Cornwall:

£. s. d. £. s. d.

38 11 6i

58 10 71

544 9 — 641 11 li

4l 4 74

120 9 4 161 13

£. 803 5 H

Fees and Wages t.

Perpetual Pensions -

Rents sold — Queen Dowager’s Jointure — Devon Taxes allowed »

{Devon -Cornwall

£.27 8 — 40 3 3i

f. s.

20 ——

67 11 3* 530 19 " 37 12 —

Arrears -

Devon -.Cornwall

/Yearly Revenue (Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Yearly Revenue

29 10 — lj 10 —

£. s. d.

6 56 2 3*

45 8 — 701 jo 3*

868 25° Maii, A. 1792.

Warwick:

Yearly Revenue

Queen Dowager's Jointure -

New Rent — Hampton in Arden

Leicester:

Yearly Revenue

Queen Dowager's Jointure -

Leicester From the Account of Richard Rose, Esquire, Receiver for the same Year 1706.

£. s. d. £. sd.

825 4 3 i

156 — 3 £ t? _ _ .

J 086 4 7

575 Jo 9*

Nil.

575 10 9 *

£. *,56l 15 4$

1

J

Warwick and Leicester:

Fees and Wages ——

o

Perpetual Pensions ——

In both Counties, in Trust for Elizabeth Yates

Rents sold ( YearlJ Re,e,ue - - - - {'^TsWr I *" I79 3 Tj

Queen Dowager’s Jointure -Rents granted away by Letters Patent - - Warwick

Laud 'l ax allowed - -

Arrears in both Counties undistinguished -

£. s. d.

47 13 4

68 lOf

50

632 5 1

135 9 5i

99 19 4

27 J5 —

£. 3.

1,062

550

1,612 10 5

GO

to

O

w

o

2 J i

® 3 T

Savoy Hospital in^ divers Counties.J

From the Account of Samuel Burton, Esquire, Receiver for the Years 1705, 1706, 1707, 1708, and 1709.

Yearly Revenue -Profits from Burials — Tolling of the Bell, &c. per Annum, about

£. s.d. £. s. d. j

445 15 1 I

18 15 —

----- ----- ----- --- 464 10 1 j

Lecturer of the Savoy 20/. — Poor 4/. Auditor for making up Account Land Tax allowed, about

£. s. d.

24 ——

Note. — The Allowances appear to have been uncertain and variable, on referring to the former and subsequent Accounts of this Revenue.

£. s. d.

95 ——

8

o

X:

Yearly Revenue

Isleof^Wight in t^e\prom the Account of Joanna Cutis, Spinster, Executrix of John Lord Cults, Governor and Receiver General, Anno 1706. Com. ot South ton. J r ’ '

£. s. d.

f 404 io 10

I 285 11 9

£. s. d.

£. 577 12 2 »

Fees and Wages to the Governor, &c.

Taxes allowed

Repairs at Carisbrook Castle

£. s. d. £. s.d.

690 2 7

110 16 —

53 19 — 854 17 7

CD

Oi

CHARGE:

Essex, Hertford, Middlesex, and London -Norfolk and Huntingdon -Kent, Surrey, and Sussex -Northampton and Rutland -Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland -York ——

Richmond, Durham, and^Northumberland -

Stafford, Hereford, Salop, and Worcester -

Bedford and Bucks -

Suffolk and Cambridge -

Oxford and Berks -

Honor and Castle of Windsor -

Southampton, Wilts, and Gloucester

Somerset and Dorset -

Devon and Cornwall -

Warwick and Leicester -

Savoy Hospital Revenue -

Isle of Wight - -

Total of the Charge Discharge - -

Remains

:he totals collected.

£. s. d.

2,301 7 3 i

970 13 — i

2,059 13 9 T

L737 15 3 i

1,726 4 11 i

3,234 12 7

3,680 8 t

1,458 6 8 I

643 10 l T

750 18 4i

840 11 7 i

221 18 — *

i,395 14 4t

925 4 8 4r

803 5 1 X

1,561 15 4 i

464 10 1

577 12 2 T

25,354 1 8 i

24,695 19 5 i

00 in to 2 3 i

DISCHARGE:

£. s. d.

- - - - 2,207 18 9

996 12 Hr

1,896 16 9i

- . - - - - 1,829 15 4

- - - - 1,703 8 4

- - - - 3,197 18 9

- - - - m 3,708 — 6

m m . - - - 1,432 14 6 i

m . - - - 627 11 10

- - - 680 — 4x

- - - 792 5 1 i

230 12 2 t

m . - - - 1,264 1 I T

m m - - - - 864 4 8

701 10 3 4-

m - - - - 1,612 10 5

- - - 95 —

- - - - 854 17 7

Total of the Discharge - £. 24,695 19 5 i

In* Hosier, Dep, And'.

c

to

J >CJ>. /\ud'.

N‘4. B.

A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the LAND REVENUE in '.each County and Division within the Department of Mr. Auditor , as given in Charge to the

Receivers General, upon or after the Death of Catharine Queen Dowager; with an Account of the Fees and Wages, Perpetual Pensions, Rents exonerated, being sold or granted away for Terms of Years, Arrears, and all other Charges thereon.

D

cq"

CD

Q_

CT

CHESTER.

From the Account of George Whitley, Esquire, Receiver General, for One Year, to Michaelmas 1706.

CHARGE: £. «. £. s. d. j DISCHARGE: £ s. d. £. s. d.

1706: Fees and Wages ----- - 123 10 10

Yearly Revenue 36a 3 7i Perpetual Pensions - 92 4 10

Office of Chamberlain 27 13 — Taxes allowed 57 13 —

Exoneration of Rents granted away OO VO 00

33i 15 4

49 13 2 f

£. 389 16 7* 1 £. 381 8 6i

00

-Q

32 Geo. III. 25° Mail

DERBY.

From the Account of Sarah Lowndes, Administratrix of Anne Lowndes, Widow, the late Administratrix of John Lowndes, Esquire, for Twenty-two Years, to Michaelmas 1733-

No Account prior to 1711 from 1675.

to

CHARGE:

1711 to 1733:

Yearly Revenue -Queen Dowager’s f £. 8 16 8

- I 152 17 2

Joirtture

New Rent(ult. as. Scry.) -

£. s. d. £. s. d. DISCHARGE: £. s.'d.

Fees and Wages - . 17 1 4

Perpetual Pensions . - - £6 15 —

Rents granted away - - 152 17 2

63 1 3 i Taxes allowed, about - - 6 " —

161 r 13 10 A JYearly Revenue -rrears ^Queen Dowager’s Jointure - 25 8 18 2* 16 8

0 11 4

{£. 231 6 5 a £.

£. s. d.

202 13 6 34 14 10

237 8 4

D

<a

1 — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o§

rT

LINCOLN.

From the Account of Richard Rose, Esquire, Receiver General, for Three Years, to Michaelmas 1710.

1707 to 1710:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£. s. d.

2,096 16 5 i 970 11 51

£. s. d.

Fees and Wages -

Perpetual Pensions

Marquis of Lindsey’s Yearly Fee

Rents exonerated, being granted away - .

Rents sold by Act of Parliament Taxes allowed, about

£. s. d.

- - m 54 10 —

- - - 5i 12 n i

- 20 — —

f£. 68 10 5

566 11 10 f

I 94 1 3 i 729 3 7 i

- - 1,097 7 8

- - 120 ——

Arrears

3,067 7 11

£. s. d.

3,072 14 3

824 11 3

2,897 $ 6 *

25° Mail A. 1792.

NOTTINGHAM.

g

eg'

r+

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

From the Account of Richard Rose, I’squire, Receiver General, lor Three Years, to Michaelmas 1710.

C H A R G E: £. s. d. £.s. d. 1 1 DISCI! A R G E: £. s. d.

Fees and Wages ----- - 14 10 —

1707 to 1710: Perpetual Pensions ----- - 27 4 1

Rents sold by Act of Parliament - 296 16 4 i

Taxes allowed, about ----- - 26 — —

Yearly Revenue - 566 11 4

Queen Dowager's Jointure >98 13 5 Arrears ——

765 4 91 £.

£. s. d.

364 10 5|

353 18 8 i

718*9 2}

THE. TOTALS COLLECTED.

CHARGE: £. s. d. DISCHARGE: £. s. d.

Chester ----- - 389 16 7 i 381 8 6

Derby ----- - 231 6 5 237 8 4

Lincoln - 3,067 7 1» 2,897 5 64-

Nottingham - 765 4 9 718 9 2 i

Total of Charge - - 4,453 >5 >of 4,334 11 7

Discharge - - 4,234 11 7 i

Remains - £. 219 4 2

Richd Gray, Dep. And'.

05

to

o

Q

CO

CO

Twelfth Report a Qm ....

tin the Land

Revenue. An ABSTRACT of the foregoing Accounts of the Rents of the Land Revenue in the several Counties

Rents sold or granted away,

Amount of the Revenue in Charge; viz.

Divisions of the several Receivers.

1.

Essex -Hertford

Middlesex

London

f Norfolk \Huntingdon

("Lancaster < Westmorland [Cumberland

York -

("Richmond < Durham

[Northumberland -

{Kent -

Surrey -Sussex -

"Northampton

(Rutland

r Stafford - -

8- Hereford - -

Salop -

1 Worcester - -

01 Suffolk - -

M Cambridge -

10. Bedford _ _

Bucks -

f Oxford _ .

11. < [Berks -

12. < f Honor and Castle of) Berks

Windsor, in - -J Bucks

fSouthampton -

13- Wilts - _

[Gloucester - -

14. Isle of Wight -

15- f Somerset

Dorset -

("Devon - . _

1G. [Cornwall - -

17- j" Warwick - .

Leicester - -

18. Savoy Hospital in divers") Counties /

19. Chester

20. Derby -[Lincoln

21.

U,„,.

Yearly Revenue.

Queen

Dowager’s

Jointure.

£. $. d. 216 16 61 88 19

164 6 10 J 233 13 5

68 19 61 20 8 11f

538 s 4i

50 3 — 7a 3 6

583 11 11

36- 8{ 307 H 9 148 15 8f

120 6 4r

68 19 81

33 H 2 4

133 5 3

169 4 2 |

57 5 " i

122 11 3

151 4 6 49 2 9 i

15 Feodary Rents

35 »4 2

56 18 10 80 l 8$

64 15 2j

113 — 7i

178 5 11i 43 12 1

135 6 11

489 2 7

39 14 9

577 12 2 1

301 15 3

164 4 —

38 n e a 5810 7 if 41 4

8a5 4 31

575 i« 9 i

445 15 l

£. s. d. £. s.

708 7 91 4 16

430 8 9 13 5

321 7 9* 45 17

73 7 4 -

698 . 3i 5 __ ,

178 4 3 i -

220 3 81 . _

370 7 61 - -

775 4 9 i - -

2,648 6 -J 2 14

883 1 11 _ _

L509 5 9i - -

795 9 1 } - -

982 16 51 3 3

572 3 4 9 10

26315 4 5 5

1,509 9 — 1 —

94 1 if - -

370 7 1

270 4 9 6 13

137 8 — - -

172 7 8 - -

453 7 7 3

191 10 6* - -

267 3 6i 13

338 12 -

461 5 — - -

200 10 3i - -

New Rents.

d.

Profits of Manors and other casual Revenue.

£. d

7 $

374 19 5

356 10 8 £

345 2

65 16

ji

Total

in each County.

93o

532

53i

307

77i

198

458

4-0

847

Total of the Charge iu each Division.

t. d.

— nil 13 if|

12 5i|

’9 9il 13 3J

6 i|

10 6g 8 3*

3,234 12

2

9*9

1,817

944

1

ji

(A

4 i°i

III'

£. t. d.

2.301 7 3ij

97° 13 -J 1,726 4 n| 3.234 12 7 3,680 8 — {

1 — 6

Honor of Ewelrae.

48 7 -f

Manor of Portland.

544 9 — 120 9 4

156 — 3 j

7.415 12 ii

3C2 3 7$

63 1 3i 2.096 16 si 566 11 41 £ 3.088 12 93

General Total -

*1

*; 10,504 411}

17,759 4 61

161 13 10 970 n 5i 198 13 5 1,330 18 8f

19,090 3 31

5 ——

1,106 6 2| ' 1

650 13 - ~h 1- 2,059 13 9l

302 14 1

1,^43 14 <2 1

> 1,737 15 3i

94 1 is. 1

540 11 3l 1

334 4 I ( 1.458 6 8]

259 19 3

323 12 2 J

523 13 7 1

00 0 >0 — 4i

227 4 9i J 1 1

324 318 15 14 CO 643 10 ill

527 — 8| )

s+o n

313 10 i°il J

178 5 ui!\ aai 18 j

43 12 1 j

135 6 1 1 I

864 2 _ 1,395 14 4:

396 5 si I

577 12 0! 2 J; / 1*2 r t *1

6.6 278 17 7 r. I / 1{ } 925 4 s. 1

641 11 ll j- 803 5 li

l6l 13 11? I

9S6: 4 -I; 1 1,561 15 4] !

575 10 9$! rJ

18 15 —

Promts of UunuU, A,c.

464 10 I;

HI 2 5|

6 13 4

6 13 4

68 2 6±

27 13 —

Office of Chamberlain

117 15 9i

95 15 6i

25° Man

87 5

% c

32 Geo. III.

- -.....N* 4- C,

% in England, as given in Charge by the Auditors to the Receivers General; and of the Fees and Wages, Perpetual Pensions, ‘ and all other Charges thereon.

Twefth Report on the Land Revenue.

Particulars of the Discharge, viz.

Rents not received. Constant Annual Payments. Fees and Wages of Auditors, Receivers, Collectors, &c. land Tax, Total

h-J -I Rents sold, Perpetual Pensions, Other Yearly Payments. Collectors Fees, Stewards and Fees and Wages to the at 4#. per £. on the Rents of the Discharge in each

ana granted away. Arrears. Stipends, Alins, 6ic. and Auditors Scry a. Bailiffs. Auditors, Recr*, Messengers, Acc. received. Division.

1, i £. s. d. £. & d. £. s. d. £. M. d. £. t. £. 1. d. £. $. d. £.*. <L

- 562 9 *1

3H 4 10| 219 15 10f 11 14 Gaol Keeper of - 24 4 ~

4 i 674 7 2 St. Albans. 95 60 10 10 2,207 18 9

177 1 j z

% 4 5k

a n-1; 785 5 11 93 16 if 29 15 6 ----- - 1 8 — - } 79 3 4 7 4 — 996 12

in f 170 — 2 8 3 1 16 13 4 200 — — Itinerant Preachers. 1 — — I »,703 8

i 370 7 6f 4 10 4 7 37 7 4 I 52 11 17 7 4

I 757 15 25 — 6 42 19 2 J

A i*' 1.14113 6f 1 >377 18 10 469 7 nf 64 13 4 144 5 3,197 18 9

So I f 46713 3 43c 8 8 31 9 10 50 6 4 I 3,7o8 —

J 541 6 ij 977 7 if 90 6 8 i 52 33 4 3 6

I 259 14 ioi 663 5 10 104 17 7 J

07 f j 28] 13 239 19 8* if 587 310 7 nf - 2| 60 12 8| 31 11 2 3 l6 — Jr Goal Keeper of Maidstone. 2 1 1 18 — 1 18 15 — I 71 6 8 40 6 — 1,896 16 9 i

I 162 8 1 48 6 7 31 7 4 " 8 — " " - J

r 1,40318 IO 143 nf 96 4 4 34 l6 8 Officers of Whittle- - ... 1 1,829 *5

J wood and Salcey. > 5i 13 4 6 4

I - - 94 1 if

f 241 17 8 1

J I 73 17 123 18 1 1440 — — 361 — 10 102 13 4 55 19 3 1,432 14

I 33 8 4 i 1

:ri 220 13 5 306 8 6i 46 3 5 3-- - 75 16 8 27 18 4 680 — 4*

454 16 7 i r 1 l 24 9 18 ii 3J } 70 19 4j 54 . 21 8 5 627 11 10

[ 233 11 10J I 102 1 — f 1 18 — 24 9 2f 1 1

2(j6 11 5 ----- - 34 31 12 — 792 5

[ 68 1 7 J

i ( - - 172 39 } 3 40 11 1 4 2 — 230 12

1 - - ia — J

f 70 1 3 29 10 4 9^6 Bailiff of Burley, ... ... 1

f IO9 l8 9f in New Forest 1 7o 93 1,264 1 _ 1 t

j I 185 2 71 1 358 3 — 31 14 7 1 '

! 1204 14 4i 102 13 7 1

i :. j I I m / 690 fl 7 Governor, 4tc. cq 1Q — Repairs of Caria- - - - ... 110 16 — 854 17 7

I [ L brook Castle. J

f if 299 13 4 i ns 7 8i 171 19 5 34 11 8 5 6 8 ] 48 — 62 864 4 8

I 36 7 8f 87 18 2

f 530 19 — 43 — — 27 8- 1 20 37 1* — 701 10 3$

! - - 2 8 — 40 3 3f 1

17 . 9*7 *3 ll J 550 8 3l 68 19 10$ 47 13 4 27 15 — 1,612 10 5

f 20 — — Lecturer. 4 Poor. J . - - 5 66 95 — —

0-.jl 11,234 13 nf 8,141 18 if! 2,352 14 2-f ! 1,026 18 l£ IO 12 — 124 1 2±j 963 11 1 00 O r* CO 24,69519 5 1

53 6 8 49 13 2 i 92 410 . - - - 123 10 10 57 13 - 3S1 8 Gf

152 17 2 34 14 10 2615 — . - 17 1 4 6 237 8 4

f 1,826 11 3 i 82411 3 h 5112 nf 20 — Marquis of Lindsey, Creation Money. — 2 — - . - 54 10 — 120 j. 3,615 16 8 1

I 296 16 4 i 353 18 8i 27 4 1 - - - . - - 14 10 — 26 — —

2,334 11 6 f 1,262 18 -i 197 16 iof 20 - - — 3 — . - . 209 12 2 209 13 — 4,234 13 7 ♦

K 13.569 5 6 9,404 16 if 2,55° 13 1 1 1 I 1 H 00 t-t % O 10 14 — 124 1 2] 1,173 3 3 1,051 3 8J 28,930 13 -f

Vo i.. 47-

87G 25° Mail. A. 1792.

A STATE of the Amount of all the Pensions, Stipends, and other Annual Payments, charged on the Land Revenue, and comprised under the Denomination of Perpetual Pensions, within the Division of James West, Esquire, and Henri/ Shelley, Esquire; distinguishing such as were established or confirmed by the Pension Deed 5th June 1677, from those established by subsequent Authority; and also distinguishing such as have ceased to be paid in consequence of the Discontinuance of the Schools, Chapels, or other Foundations, to which they were payable.

In the Division of Ja West, Esquire.

COUNTI ES. Peserved, payable by the Pension Deed. Ceased. Added. Pensions now payable.

£. j. d. £. s. d. £. s. </. £.

Dorset - - - 36 it 8 2 - 34 11 8

Devon - - - 4.) 12 — 18 4 — - - - 27 8 —

Cornu all - - - 40 3 3 t 1 3 4 - - - 38 19 11 r

Somerset - - - 174 19 5 4 — — 1 — — 171 »9 5

Wilts - - - 3i 14 7 - - - - 3 14 «r i

Southampton - - - 29 10 4 - - - - 29 10 4

Gloucester - - - - 102 13 7 - - - - 102 13 7

Kent - - 47 6 — 1 4 - - - 13 6 8 60 12 SI

Surrey - - - 3* u 2 - - - - 31 11 2

Sussex - - - 28 14 — - - - 2 13 4 31 7 4

Oxon - - - 50 2 4 1 — 8 — 1 — 2 — 49 16 4 f

Berks - - - 52 6 8 - - - - 52 6 8

Honor and Castle of Wind.- ;cr - - - - 3 — — 3 — —

Bedford - - - 43 3 4 - - - 43 3 4

Bucks - - - 33 6 84 5 10 8 - - - 27 1 (i i

London - - - 52 6 5 5 11 10 9 6 8 56 1 3 i

Middlesex - - - - 108 11 8 44 15 — - - 3 16 8

Essex - - - 47 3 3 1 5 4 - - - 45 17 1 t

Hertford - - - O2 — - - - 1 6 8 63 (i S

Cambridge - - - - 13 6 8 - - 20 — — O O 6 8

Suffolk - - - 43 2 rt J 9 12 2 - - - 33 10 1

Norfolk - - - 30 7 / 12 1 - - - 29 15 fi

Northampton - - - 95 '3 7 2 11 I 7 *3 4 9^ 4 4

Hereford - - 52 8 3 7 10 10 i - - - 44 17 41

Worcester - - - - OS — — 4 3 18 8 I 25 13 4 89 >4 8

Salop - - - 35 11 3 3 18 5 52 — — 83 12 10

Stafford - - - O2 14 8 I 12 13 5 i ()i 9 3 i 111 10 (»

Lancaster - - - - 14 13 4 _ 2 16 '3 4

Westmorland - - - 9 4 4 - - - 30 3 — 39 7 4

Cumberland - - - 42 i<) 2 - - - N - - 42 19 O

Leicester - - - 39 S 1 3 16 2 i 0 13 4 42 0 O O I * 7,

Warwick - - - 49 16 0 4 9 9 2 i 0 1.) — 47 2 4

York - - - - 4^8 12 10 i 9 8 4 10 3 4 i 400 7 11 I

Durham - - - 93 4 8 27 16 — 17 iS — 88 (i 8

Richmond - - - - 18 18 6 _ - 12 11 4 31 9 10

Northumberland - - - - 139 1 7 34 4 — - - 104 »'? 7

£. 2,299 ’8 213 — 7 283 15 4 2.37(> 13 — i

John Hosier, Dep. Audr.

In

32 Geo. Ill

25° M

87T

In the Division of Henry Shelley, Esquire.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

Counties. Reserved payable by the Pension Deed. Ceased. Added. Pensions now payable.

£. s. £. t. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Lincoln - - 113 14 6* 16 18 Si - 96 16 1*

Nottingham - - - 30 12 7 2 15 2 - 27 17 5

Derby - 33 8 6 6 8 - 26 15 —

Chester - 147 4 6* 54 19 8 f m m 92 4 to

£. 324 13 4 80 19 111 m 243 t3 4

Note. — There are no Pensions in this Division established by any Authority subsequent to the Pension Deed.

Richd Gray, D. And'.

TOTALS COLLECTED.

£. 3. d. £. 31 £. 3. d. £. j. d.

In the Division of James West,

Esquire - - - 2,299 18 3 i 213 — 7 283 15 4 2,370 13 — *

D° - of Henry Shelley, Esquire - 324 13 4 80 19 Hi - 243 t3 4t

£. 2,624 n 7i 294 — 6 i 283 15 4 2,614 6 5

Volv 47-

to O

N* 6.

25° M

4- 1792.

N* 6.

ABSTRACT of an Account in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, intituled,

" Am ACCOMPT of such Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, as being " yet undisposed of, remaine in Charge in the Great Rolle of the " Exchequer, and are yearly written in Processe to the Sheriffes of the " severall Countyes, Cittyes, St Townes of England, and by them " answered and paid, upon their Accompts before the Clerke of the " Pipe

In the County of Bedford - -

In the County of Berks -

In Bucks ——

In Cambr. and Huntington -

In Cornwall ——

In Cumberland ——

Derby ——

Devon ——

Dorset ——

Ebor’. - -....

Essex ——

Gloucestr* ——

Hereford ——

Hertford ——

Kane ——

Leicester ——

Lincoln - -

London Sc Midi (w,k y* Farm of Post Fines, £. 2,276)

Monmouth ——

Norffolk -

North’ton ——

Northumberland ——

Nottingham ——

Oxon -

Rutland -

Salop -

Somerset - -

South’ton -

Stafford -

Suffolk

Surrey -

Sussex " - - - *

Warwick -

Westm’T. - -

Wigorn’. - -

Wilts....

Civit: Cantuar -Civit: Coventr. -Civit’ Ebor’ -Civit’ Oxon’ -Civit’ Gloucestr’

Civit’ Lincoln’ - .

Civit’ Norwich -Civit’ Wigorn’ -VilF: Kingston sup Hull Vill’: Nottingham -

VilF: Novi Castr’

Vill’: South’ton - -

£. 1. d.

1 7 1

4 9 3 T

3 4

9 9 oL

19 10

8 4 7

11 10*

11 1

16 8*

4 7 4

1.5 0 ioi

0 9*

50 11 10 {

6 5

- 22 16 9 T

0 17 5

- 33 ’9 8}

- 2,294 3 0

6 8

10 iG

20 12 0 i

3 18 5

15 a

8

0 11 5

6 0 71

21 11 4t

*9 4

2 8

5 0 5

3 2. 8

- 1 0 9L

9 3tt

1 0

0 13 0*

7 16 10

10 0

1 1

1 8

5 0

10 2

2 0 0

1 12 4

6 11

1 0 0

6 7

4 0

16 10

£. 2,815 13 1 i

Me.uorand: That all the Fee Farme Rents above specifyed are vested in the Trustees for Sale of Fee Farme Rents, & other Rents by Act of Parliam*: Anno xxij4* Regis Caroli Scdi.

Memorand:

25° M

879

Twelfth Rppr.rt

Memorand: There are some other Rents of the like Nature yet in Charge before the Clerke of the Pipe, which Revenue, are likewise yearly written in Process to the severall Sherriffes of Englandbut the same having been nichilled for many Yeares, are not here certified, being now accompted illevyable.

This Certificate is made forth by Direction under the Hand of Samuell Travers, Esq' his Ma"*

Surveyor General. Dated the 14 April 1701.

xxv* die April* 1701.

Ex' p Dep: Cler: Pipe.

Memor1: Since the Date of this Certificate there is brought into the Pipe a Deed for the Purchase of severall of the within-mentioned Rents, bearing Date the 21" of October 1699, made between S' William Hayuard and S' John Talbot, K", surviving Trustees for the Sale of his Ma'1* Fee Farme Rents, and other Rents, and Richard Adncy, Esq'; which Rents, in the severall Countyes hereafter mentioned, are of the following

Values, viz K

s. d.

In the Countyes of Cambridge and Hunt: Rents of the Yearly Value of 008 07 06

In the County of Derby - -- - 013 06 04 j

In the County of HerefT: - - 050 11 10 f

In the County of Nott’. - - - -0181909*

In the County of Salop - -- - 005 11 06

In the County of Stafford - - - -0211611

In the Citty of Litchfeild ----- --- - 001 00 00

f. 119 13 11*

xix": die Feb* 1701.

Ex' p Petru Frwvde, Dep: Cler: Pipe.

Amount of Rents p Certificate"! 25 April 1701 -J £. 2,815 s. 13 d. 1 T

Rent sold as above stated 1'9 13 n i

Remained 2,695 19 2 T

Deduct the Rent for the Far ml A

of the Post Fines, being -J u U

£. 419 *9 3F

Attested.

IPK Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

Vo 1. 47-

V , J -/

880

25° Man.

A. 1702.

N* 7.

A ST AT E of the Amount of the estimated Yearly Value of the demised Land Revenue of the Crown, in each County in England and Wales, and of the reserved Rents payable to the Crown for the same, upon or after the Decease of Catherine Queen Dowager of England, on the 20 th of Decerhber 1705, O. S. as nearly as the same can be ascertained from the Surveys and Accounts in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands.

ENGLAND.

Counties. Estimated Yearly Value of Estates. Amount of Reserved Rents.

£.s. £. s. d.

Bedfordshire - - - ' 533 18 8* 3i >> 3 i

Berkshire - - - m 714 7 6 64 15 8

Buckinghamshire - - - 453 10 — 68 12 7

Cumberland - - - 92 10 6f 25 11 4

Cheshire - - 498 a 3t 125 19 8

Cornwall - - - - 779 8 4 120 13 4

Cambridgeshire - - - 351 7 n 24 15 4

Dorsetshire - - - - . 762 5 11 10 8 —

Devonshire - - - 616 3 5 59 11 7

Durham - - - - 129 13 1 58

Derbyshire - - - - 3>i 9 2 12 13 4

Essex - - - - 2,035 19 10 f 63 4 tof

Gloucestershire - - - 192 18 4 75 *3 4

Herefordshire - - - 7 16 — 3 18 —

Hertfordshire - - - - 322 4 8 i 103 1 ioi

Huntingdonshire - - - - 432 2 7-f 7 *7 9

Isle of Man - - - 6 6 8 268

Kent - - - - 3,271 13 ni 216 4 2

Leicestershire - - Uncertain. 6 15 6

Lincolnshire - - - - . 2,302 12 7 243 18 5

Lancaster - - 1,061 3 ill 212 10 —

Middlesex - - - 28,034 16 lif 186 19 8

Nottingham - - - 542 13 8* 5i 5 5

Northumberland - - - m 200 l 8 17 16 4

Norfolk - - m 682 3 2 i 71 8 4

Northamptonshire - - - - 265 1 2 137 8 8

Oxfordshire - - - 364 18 — 140 8 —

Rutland - - - Nil. Nil.

Sussex - - - - _ 92 — 4 22 10 —

Suffolk - - - - 394 6 — 81 10 8

Shropshire - - - - 37 6 — 9 3 4

Somersetshire - - - 36 15 — n 15 ~

Staffordshire - - - 1

Southampton - - - - 211 15 — 67 16 8

Surrey - - - - 3>135 7 »of 321 3 4i

Warwickshire - - - _ ' 41112 1 61 lif

Wiltshire - - - 826 12 1 217 3 8 {

Westmorland - - . 379 8 41 — 10 —

Worcestershire - - - - 479 *5 76 3 4}

Yorkshire - - - 2,396 3 51 282 18 5

£. 53,366 12 1 3,296 4 8i

WA

g I f Anglesey - - 137 11 7* 1816 4

Carnarvonshire - - - «. —

Merionethshire - - „ — —

Flintshire - m ... 268

£ Denbighshire - - - - 3 14 4 43 — 4

v Montgomeryshire (included in Denbigh.)

fCardiganshire - - 61 11 — 51 12 —

2 Carmarthenshire - 52 2 11 34 1 6

i? Pembrokeshire - 11 6 8 11 6 8

Brecon - - 246 11 8 216 3 4

*5 Radnor - - m 61 19 5 28 9 5

co Glamorgan (included in Brecon.)

Monmouth m - - 5i 14 9 3* 15 7

£. 626 12 5 438 11 10

Total - £. 53.993 4 6 3,734 16 6i

besides Mines, and other Property, of

uncertain Yearly Value.

Wm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N‘8.

25° Mail.

881

N° 8.

A STATE of the Amount of the estimated Yearly Value of the demised Land Revenue of the Crown in each County in England and Wales, and of the reserved Rents payable to the Crown for the same, at the Time of His Majesty’s Accession, on the 25th of October 1760, according to the Surveys and Accounts in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands.

ENGLAND.

COUNTIES. Estimated Yearly Value of Estates. Amount of Reserved Rents.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

Bedfordshire - - - - 537 2 111 28 611

Berkshire - - 9°5 6 4 78 14 >o

Buckinghamshire - - - - 707 6 — 85 12 7

Cumberland - - - . - - 212 10 6 i 64 l 4

Cheshire - - - - 732 3 6 240 13 4

Cornwall - - - - 779 8 4 120 13 4

Cambridgeshire - - - 524 14 3 i 104 8 4 i

Dorsetshire - - - - - 281 18 4 52 18 —

Devonshire - - - - 616 3 5 59 11 7

Durham - - - - 261 10 — 67 13 4

Derbyshire - - - 311 9 2 12 13 4

Essex - - - - 2,525 15 5 214 19 5i

Gloucestershire - - - - 222 10 51 75 1 &

Herefordshire - - - - 18 3 4 3 18 -

Hertfordshire - - 330 19 2 i 273 9 2 *

Huntingdonshire - - - 432 2 7 f 7 17 9

Isle of Mao - - - - 6 6 8 268

Kent - - - - 3,894 9 6 289 17 1

Leicestershire - - - Uncertain. 6 15 6

Lincolnshire - - - > - - 2,959 16 7 352 10 — £

Lancaster - - - - 380 16 31 80 6 —

Middlesex - - - - 4. 45,157 6 4 4,433 19 2

Nottinghamshire - - - - 553 3 4 5» 5 5i

Northumberland - - A - 476 17 6 36 15 6

Norfolk - > - - - 1,040 12 1 { 71 10 4£

N orthamptonshire - - - - 474 5 173 u 1

Oxfordshire - - - - 460 4 6 140 8 -

Rutlandshire - - - Nil. Nil.

Sussex - - - 116 14 4 38 14 6

Suffolk - - - 350 6 — 81 10 8

Shropshire - - - 17 3 4 10 3 4

Somersetshire - - 30 — — 11 15 —

Staffordshire -

Southampton - - - - 588 14 — 212 16 8

Surrey - - - m - 3,568 3 3 i 406 2 iot

Warwickshire - - - 629 9 7 145 15 I. i

Wiltshire - - 500 10 — i 187 3 8 i

Westmorland - - - 379 8 4 i

Worcestershire - 451 18 10 f 77 3 4f

Yorkshire " - 6,614 1 7i 1,697 — 2

£. 78,049 7 8| 10,000 4 2}

WALES.

''Anglesey -

Carnarvonshire -

Merionethshire -

Flintshire -

I Denbighshire -Montgomeryshire (included in Denbigh.)

3

Cardiganshire -

Carmarthenshire -

Pembrokeshire -

Brecon -Radnor -

Glamorgan (included in Brecon.) Monmouth -

Total

- - £.

79,162 16 6

142 — 18 16 4

- - 4 3 4

- - 1 3 4

2 6 8

187 5 11 43 — 4

39 19 4 57 18 8

32 2 11 28 1 6

11 6 8 11 6 8

552 10 10 216 7 4

72 12 9 28 9 5

75 10 41 32 15 7

1,113 8 9i 444 9 2

10,444 13 4i

besides Mines, and other Property, of uncertain Yearly Value.

Vo t. 47.

Wm Harrison, Acting Surveyor General.

10 P

X. 9.

Twelfth Report on the I-and Rtvenue.

M- 9-

f5t§H

ft 3

i 5-i s " 5

'. g »

s

fi-o

o

a

distinguishing' England from «Vm, and ^Wdug h y" DhU> of Cl, Mcri"e C*uee'1 Dowser of £,*<(!)„ .

reduced by the Lords of the Treasury during the same Period. "nd Unds seParalelJ i "ko sl.efving jhat F^scTbl 'th^Sun-eU c‘‘" T °rt*r ' 7Co'

jr ouneyor General were remitted or

oo

GO

AMOUNT of FINES in each Year.

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

CT <

ENGLAND. WALES.

Houses. Lands. Houses. Land9.

f. s. d. £. s. d. «£ dm £. *. d.

From 20th Dec. 1705 to 20th Dec. 1706 - 861 — — 10 mmm - ~ m m

- - 1706 - - 1707 - - - - 1,560 ——

- m 1707 - - 1708 - 125 — — 210 — — - 50

- - 1708 - - 1709 - - 30 — — 66 13 4 -

- m 1709 - - 1710 - - - - 710 — ! - 50

- m 1710 - 1711 - m 15 — — 670

mm - 1711 - - 1712 - - - - 50 — — -

- . - - 1712 - - 1713 - - 600 — — 20 — — , -

- - 1713 - - 1714 - - - - 247 — — - "

- - 1714 - - 1715 m - 575 10 — 1,005 — — m m m *

- 1715 m - 1716 - - 1,262 10 — 316 10 — r\ *

9 m - 1716 - 1717 - - i,332 5 — 2,461 19 2 89 -

0m m 1717 mm 1718 - - 2,120 — — 601 14 — " " "

mm mm 1718 - 1719 - 1,062 7 6 373 10 — -

1719 - 1720 - - 425 10 10 454 6 8 m "

- - 1720 - - 1721 - 933 863 18 11 m m m i

TOTALS.

£. s.

*71 ——

1,560 ——

385 ——

96 13 4

760 ——

685 ——

50 ——

620 ——

247 ——

1,580 10 —

1,579 ——

3,883 4 2 2,721 14 — i,435 17 6 879 17 6 i,797 8 11

O

883

25° Mail.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

Vol. 47,

fixes

hw

_ i

D

cq"

n' -

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

c8

FT

FINES remitted or reduced, from the 20th of December 1705 to 25th of October 1760.

00

00

Dates of Leases. Lessees. Estates demised. Fines set. Fines paid. On what Grounds remitted or reduced.

30th April 1706 Charles Scarburgh, Esq. Ground in Green Cloth Yard, Whitehall £. s. d. 150 1 ! <+* I-- Services performed by the Lessee.

7th September 1706 - George Cholmondley, Esq. Manor of Thornton Briggs, Yorkshire - i»i57 - f Services of the Lessee, and Covenant to defend the Crown’s Title to the Premisses.

27th November 1707 Sir Isaac Rebow, K* Lighthouses at Harwich ... 2,700 1,350 Services of the Lessee.

30th April 1709 Margaret Agar - f Several Messuages and Lands in Wal-j [ton, Weybridge, and Chertsey, Surrey -J 200 66 13 4 The building a new House on the Premisses.

1 oth April 1711 Earl of Rochester ... Coppices in Which wood Forest - 35o 200 Services of the Lessee.

28th November 1711 Earl of Rochester ... The same Coppices - 100 - The like.

23d June 1719 John Parsons - f Several Houses in St. James’s Street,1 Market Place, Piccadilly, and Ayr! [Street - ..... J 89 7 6 1 1 o> GO

20th July 1734 Duke of Richmond, <$’ al. A Piece of vacant Ground in Privy' Garden, before the Houses of the Dukes of Richmond and Montagu, and others ..... 200 f The Charge of maintaining the Premisses in a neat and commodious Manner.

21st February 1760 - Earl of Holdernes ‘ A House in Privy Garden - - - 600 . f According to His Majesty’s Pleasure, [signified to the Lords of the Treasury.

£. 5.546 7 6 1.780 13 4*

This Sum of £. r,78o. 135. 4</. is included in the foregoing Total of £. 18*2,815. 6. 1 \d.

iO

Or

o

ft **. .

JVm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

to

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

n

N* 10.

c* A.v ACCOUNT of all Fines paid l'or Leases from the Crown, from His Majesty’s Accession (25th of October 1760) to the End of the Year 1786; distinguishing England from Wales, and stating the Amount in each Year for Houses and Lands separately, and how or to whom the same were paid; and also shewing what Fines set by the Surveyor General were remitted or reduced

by the Lords of the Treasury during the same Period.

,00

to

o

w

o

o

c

From 25 Oct. 1760 to 31 Dec. 31 Dec. 17G0 -

1761

1762 -

- - - 1763 -

- - - 1764 -

- - - 1765 -

1766 -

- - - 17C7 *

1768 -

- - - 1769 -

- - - 1770 -

- - - 1771 -

- - - 177* *

- - - 1773 -

- - - 1774 -

- - - 1775 -

- - - 1776 -

- - - 1777 -

- - - 1778 -

- - - 1779 -

1780 -

1781 -

1782 -

- - - 1783 -

- - 1784 -

- - - .785 - -

W

w

760

761

762

763

764

765

766

767

768 709 770 77>

772

773

774

"75

776

777

778

779

780

781

782

783

784

785 78b

ENGLAND. WALES. TOTALS in each Year. How paid;

Houses. Lands. Houses. Lands. Into the Exchequer. To the Surveyors General of the 1 Woods. To Secretaries of the Board of Works, towards re-building the Fleet Prison.

£. *. £. s. d. L s. d. £. s. d. £.s. d. £.s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

20 200 - - 220 220

1,266 13 4 1,731 667 — — 3,405 4,849 1.991 4,255 1,920 1,036 3,792 1,174 2,864 4,864 12 9$ 3,220 3,990 1,680 6,630 — . — 9-450 3,350 2,500 970 4,825 4,758 5,321 - - - 40 35 6,131 6 if 4,951 4,657 5,125 — — n,479 n,44i 7,605 4,420 2,006 8,617 5,967 8,18.5 6,131 6 if 4,951 4,657 5,125 11,479 11,441 7,605 4,420 2,006 8,617 5,967 7,168 1,017 1

',59° 10,338 6 8 - - - - 11,928 6 8 6,428 6 8 5,500

1,230 8,520 - - 9,750 — — 1,405 3,240 — — 5,105

1,460 3,770 5 8 - - - ... 5,230 5 8 ... 4,904 17 10

1,336 4,481 - - - - 5,817 3,892 1,925

2,530 718 O /* 2,783 1 8 4,570 200 5,5i3 1 8 5,288 5,513 1 8 2,898 i»59° 800

2,869 9,704 - 400 12,973 11,654 1,319 — —

1,249 4,272 - - 5,521 204 5-317

2,062 1,114 - . 3,176 690 — — 2,486

2,425 2,270 — , — - - 4,695 2,000 2,695

247 i,35o - - - - L597 100 1,497.

3,332 12,6.50 - - 1,150 17,132 6,933 9,049 -

4,424 2,096 5,0.35 17 3 . O - 950 10,409 17 3 7,277 17 3 2,392 -

4,840 - — — 6,936 5,096 1,840

56,538 13 4 127,457 4 — 1 - - - 2,775 — 186,770 17 4rj 133,878 11 8f 39,867 10,809 17 10

To other Persons.

£. s. d.

- _ . 0 / Mr. Thos. Richardson, for

247 \Surveys of Crown Lands.

f Zachv. Chamber*, Esq. for

77 9 1 0\Fce» of a Crown Lease.

1,150 — 740 —

— lv

2,215 7 i°

SC 0 H

5 ° *

3 n

F*

o

___f Glynn Wynn, Esq. Receiver Gsneral for North Wales.

00

00

07

FINES remitted or reduced, from the 25th of October 1760 to 31st December 1786.

00

CO

o>

D

cq'

N

CD

Cl

cr

Dales of Leases. 1 Lessees. Estates. Fines set.; Fines paid. On what Ground remitted or reduced.

27th February 1761 - f Sir Thomas RKnight, [others (in Trust for the Parish) ancT[ Queen’s Leaze, in Bray, Berks - £, d 400 ' I / 1 Being granted in Trust for the Parish of Bray, towards the Repairs of their Church, and the Maintenance of their Poor.

5 th December 1763 - Duke of Richmond and others - f Vacant Ground in Privy Garden, be-! < fore the Houses of the Dukes of Rich-! [mond and Montagu, and others - -J 200 - f The Lessees deriving no Profit from [the Lease, and taking it only to prevent [Nuisances there.

1 |.th December 1763 - John Le Mesurier, Esquire - - The Island of Alderney - 250 . f The Grantee covenanting to re-build the Governor s House on the Island, and [the Grant being resumable at Pleasure.

2d April 1773 - Duke of Cumberland - - f Cumberland House, and Houses ad-) (joining, in Pall Mall - - - -J 450 f The Lease being granted to one of the [Royal Family.

13th July 1776 - Thomas Duke of Leeds f Messuages, Lands, &c. in the Counties! j of Kent-, Surrey, Sussex, Bedford, York, > [and Chester -J i,i55 - f No Fine having been paid for any for-[mer Lease of the Premisses.

£. 2,455

Oi

o

TV Harmon,

Acting Surveyor General.

t — *

CD'

T\V| on 1

N* n. A.

An A'C CO UNT of the Net Produce of the Rents, of the Land Revenue within the Division of James West, Esquire, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, from the D^ath of Catherine, Queen Dowager to Michaelmas, 1760, inclusive.

1706 - - - 638' 2 5 T |

1728 - - - - 1,468 11 64.

1729 - - - 1,513 8 3 r

1730 - - - 1,670 2 64.

>731 - - - 1,644 9 — T

1732 - - - 1,718 6 4 f

>733 - - - 1,890 18 4 4-

>734 - - 1,976 >> 3t

>735 - - - 2,045 10 84

1736 - - - 1,977 >9 8*

>737 - - - 2,148 19 3 T

>738 - - - 2,284 83

>739 - - - 2,359 4 7 i

>740 - - 2,189 4 U i

1741 - - - 3,784 6 2

1744 - - - 3,737 2 34-,

>743 - 3,597 — 4 t

1744 - - - 3,146 12 4,t

>745 - - - 3,262 r9 —

1746 - - - 3,>33 >7 ---§

>747 - - - 2,590 10 64.

1748 - - - 2,600 8 5 4-

>749 - - 2,693 9 14.

1750 - - - 2,86.3 10 64.

>75> - - - 3,003 19 24-

>752 - - - 3,118 18 —

>753 - - - 3»43> 8 di

>754 - - - 3,6i7 >5 7i

>7.55 - - - - 3,586 9 7 4

1756 - - - 2,985 >5 24

>757 - < 2,646 1 -j

17.58 - - - - 2,637 5 — 4.

>759 - - 2,687 14 3

1760 - - - 2,685 >3 8*

Memoranda.

The Net Br^dwoe, Actuates in some Degree, according to the Variatiun of the Land 'I ax allowed on the Rents at Michaelmas in each Year, viz.

£. 9. d.

At Michaelmas 1706 Land Tax allowed at — 4 —

172* — 3

>7*9 — 3 —

>73° — a 6

>73* — a —

>732 — 1 6

733 — 1 —

>73+ — 1 0

to 1739 — 2 —

7+o — 3 —

to 1749 — 4 —

750 — 3 6

to 175> — 3 —

>753 — 2 6

to 1755 — 2 —

>75§ — 3 —

to 1760 - 4 —

1743. In this Year the Reyenue was first charged with the Commissioners of Taxes Salary, then at 600/, per Apmqnd One Quarter paid to Michael-ipas 1743 - - - £.150.

1746. The Ranger of Windsor Great Park's Salary 500l.

per Ann. first charged for 79 Days, at Michaelmas 1746 - - - iO}8. 4. 4

In° Hosier,

Dcp. And\

Vol. 47-

N° 11. B.

25" Maii.

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

Counties of

Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

N* li. B.

Ak ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Rents of the Land Revenue within the Division of Henry Shelley, Esq. One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, from the Death of Catherine Queen Dowager to Michaelmas 1760.

1706

1730

1760

From 1705 to Michaelmas 1760.

£. s. d.

219 4 2 i

320 15 1 T

714 7 4t

RichdGray,

Dep. Audr.

N° 11. C.

Computation of the Amount of the Net Produce of the Land Revenue, in the Division of Mr. Auditor W°st,

from 1706 to 1760.

In 1706 - - - as per Account, N° 11. A.

1707]A Medium between 658/. 2 5 and!

to f 1,468/. 11s. 6f</.; being 1,063/. 7*| 1727J per Ann. for 21 Years - - -J

1706

1730

1760

1728]

to

1760J

In the Division of Mr. Auditor Shelley.

- - as per Account, N° 11. B.

1707TA Medium between 219/. 45. and!

to < 320/. 155. H</.; being 369/. 19 >

1729L per Ann, for 23 Years -J

1731*1 A Medium between 320/. 15$. !_«.<£ and' to !> 714/- 7* Aid.;being 517/. n», 2i</.

1759J for 29 Years

£. sd. 658 2 5i

22,330 7 —

86,698 10 4|

219 4 2

8,499 12 4 320 15 l-J. 15,009 5 74

714 7 4 i

Net Average Produce -

£. s. d.

109,686 19 10 i

24,763 4 7 t

£. 134,449 4 6f

£. 2,439 6 5

N° 12. A.

N° 12. A.

A S I ATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue, in each County and Division, within the Department of Mr. Auditor West, as given in Charge to the Receivers General at the Time of His present Majesty’s Accession, in October 1760; with an Account of the Fees and Wages, Perpetual Pensions, Rents exonerated, being sold or granted away for Terms of Years, and all other Charges thereon.

D

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

CHARGE:

Essex: s.

Yearly Revenue -Deduct Collection Fees, and Scrys.

- 157

- 29 12

d.

8 n 8

New Rents (besides 10$. Scry.) Queen Dowager’s Jointure

92 7 3#

8 18 -

Hertford:

Yearly Revenue Collection Fees, and " Auditor’s Scrys.

pi

New Rents

Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Rent after D# -

Middlesex:

Yearly Revenue - 142 14 7*

Collection Fees, and

Auditor’s Scrys. 16 16 —

d.

127 15 11}

95 3 4 470 t 9i

83 9 3♦

63 —

288 18 loi

— 5 —

125 18 7i

£. s. d.

693 1 1

378 16 2j.

DISCHARGE:

Essex, Hertford, Middlesex, and London.

Fees and Wages to Receiver, Auditor, &c.

Perpetual Pensions

Essex Hertford Middlesex London

Gaol Keeper of St. Albans -

Steward and Railiff of Hemel Hemsted, Herts

- - D" - of Hitchin, Herts -

£.45 17 U 63 6 8 63 16 8

46 14 7

7108 8 2 —

£. j. d. 95 ——

219 15 11 1 4

15 13 8

£. s. d.

32 Geo. III. 25° Maxi. 889

CHARGE:

New Rents (besides . 7. 12. Scry.) Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Rents (besides 6s. Scry.)

£. s. d.

1,094 5 S 250 12 7

13 14 —

£. s. d.

1,484 10 io|

London: £. $.

Yearly Revenue - 22,3 4 Collection Fees, ancH

Auditor’s Scrys. ?? *3

Queen Dowager’s Jointure,

Supers -

d.

9 i 4

145 11 73 7

5i

4

218 18 9f

o

cq'

r-h

n'

CD

CL

cr

£. 2,775 6 114.

1

£. s. d. £. s. d.

Norfolk:

Yearly Revenue - 68 19 6 i

Queen Dowager's Jointure 298 14 3 k

New Rents - 11 ia — ~

379 3 9 i

Huntingdon:

Yearly Revenue ... 20 811;

New Rent ..... 20

40 8114

| 1 41912 9 3 j — 11

Rents granted away by Letters Patent Land Tax allowed at per Lib. about

{Rents alledged to be sold Desperate Rents Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Arrears - <

Hertford

Middlesex

London -

Rents alledged to be sold Desperate Rents -Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Supers -

Rents alledged to be sold Desperate Rents Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Supers -

Rents alledged1 to* be sold Desperate Rents -Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Supers -

E: £s. d.

/Essex - 336 19 64!

(Middlesex 133 7 2

47 ' 3i

- 37 S 5*

- 58 10 2*

15 1 4

- 2 7 —

1 19 *5 —

»+ — — l 4

- 38 11 7 i

- 20 7 0 xJ

99 2 — 9

- 85 16 3*

- 24 10 1 t

73 7 4

— T 8

£. s. d.

470 6 8 4

360 ——

d.

OS

1,171 16 6l

142 19 ui

37 4 5 4!

160 1 7 T

183 10 5 52.3 16 54

£. 1,695 12 114

- - w

£. s. d. £. t. d.

79 3 ' 29 207 15 1 8 15 13 4 & 81 333 H 6 t

j

- 77 19 8i

33 13 3i 111 11 ni

£. 445 7

Norfolk and Huntingdon:

Fees and Wages -

Perpetual Pensions, Procurations, and Sinodals -

Exonerated, granted away by Letters Patent (Queen Dowager’s Jointure) -

Auditor’s Scry. Fee.....-

Land Tax allowed, at 4$. per Lib. about ——

Arrears - \

(Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure Honor of Clare

Huntingdon

21 17 6 1 16 —

13 *2

30 ——

25® Maii. A. 1792.

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

o

-1

Kent:

Yearly Revenue New Rents (besides 6s. Scry.) Queen Dowager’s Jointure -New Rents after D* -

Surrey:

Yearly Revenue New Rents (besides 8 Scry.) Queen Dowager’s Jointure -New Rents after D* -

Sussex:

Yearly Revenue New Rents (besides 8 s. Scry.) Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Rent after D* -

Northampton:

Yearly Revenue New Rents, Leasehold Queen Dowager's Jointure New Rents after D* -

Rutland:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£. s. d. 108 6 — £ 70 510 779 18 — I 216 8

65 9 94

29 7 1 o

540 —

10 ——

29 8 2 jj 100 12 160 18 1 5 5 —

£. s. d.

961 6 7|

644 18 4

296 3 3i

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions

Steward of Otford Honor Gaol Keeper of Maidstone

Kent, Surrey, and Sussex

fKent -{Surrey

Is

ussex - -

Rents granted away by Letters Patent -

Auditor’s Scry. Money -

Taxes, at 4$. per Lib. allowed, about

'Kent - ./r^ly Revenue - -

(Queen Dowagers Jointure

Arrears - - <

1,902 8 2f

c fYearly Revenue

(Queen Dowager's Jointure

c fYearly Revenue

ussex - - ^Queen i>OWager’s Jointure

£. 60 12 8| 3» n 2 3» 7 4

f Kent - -

-i Surrey - -

[Sussex -

18 15 — 3 16

71 14 204 6 7

55 5 —

1 18 —

- 8 —

49 1 2*

554 19 9*

£. s. d.

71 6 8

123 11 2|

22 11 — |

33* 6 C{

46 — 145 ——

£. s. d.

698 1 5*

17 10 —

244 3 3

2108 45 15 11

604 — u| 261 13 3 48 6 7

9*4 — 9i

£. s. d.

108 18 5 6 7 5 1,191 12 6

Nil. 94 1

ii

£. s. d.

1,307 18 4

94 1 1

Northampton and Rutland:

Fees and Wages ——

Perpetual Pe nsions -

Woodwards of Whittlewood and Salcey Forests - - - - £.10 — — -

Auditor for Woodward’s Account - - 4 — —

Rents granted away by Letters Patent (Q. Dow.) ——

Land Tax allowed, at 4$. per Lib. about ——

(XT . /Yearly Revenue - - - *3 3 4i

Northampton -|Q Dowager’s Jointure - - - -1291610*

Rutland - - Q. Dowager’s Jointure - -

£. 1,612 2 3f

£. s. d. £ of« d%

5i 13 4

96 4 4

14

1,061 15 71

15

1,238 13 31

M3 — 3i

94 1 H

237 1 5

32 Geo. III. 2

rog H

2 ® a rj-

S r g w 5-45

D

eg'

i — h

n'

0

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

FT

CHARGE:

Lancaster:

Yearly Revenue New Rents

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Westmorland:

Yearly Revenue New Rent

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Cumberland:

Yearly Revenue

New Rents (besides 2 Scry.)

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£. d. 237 4 8* 65 11 8 220 3 81 £ s. d. I p* I H

523 — 1JI

47 9 3

370 7 6*

418 16 g}

70 10 2

41 1 4

460 18 10±

572 10 4t

£. ',514 7 31

DISCHARGE:

Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland:

York:

Yearly Revenue

New Rents (besides 4jt. Scry.)

Queen Dowager’s Jointure -

£. s. d.

586 —

- 129 9 4

- 1,804 3 iof

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions

Four Itinerant Preachers Bailifl' of Wharton

{Lancaster - £. 16 13 4

Westmorland 39 7 4

Cumberland - 42 19 2

Rents granted away, &c.

Land Tax allowed, at 4* per Lib. about

Arrears -

(Lancaster - 170

d 370 [Cumberland - 443

- Westmorland 370 7 6|

{Lancaster W estmorland Cumberland

York:

Fees and Wages -

Perpetual Pensions -Bailiff of Rosedale -

Rents granted away — Queen Dowager’s Jointure Land Tax allowed, at 45. per Lib. about

Arrears

fYearly Revenue (Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£. s. d.

52 ——

98 19 10 200 ——

983 18 9; 35 ——

£. «. d.

8 3 1

10 4 7

25 — 6

00

to

1,370 18 7t

43 8 2

1,414 6 9I

£. s. d.

118 13 4

469 7 lit

- - T. 6 8

- - - 307 9 ioi

- - 170 — —

63 , 7

- - 1,282 3 7i

£. s. d.

60

Cn

O

1,068 17 9t

1*345 4 H 2,414 2 —

<0

60

Richmond:

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

4

?T

o’ Yearly Revenue r New Rent

Queen Dowager's Jointure Durham:

Yearly Revenue

New Rents (besides 2 s. Scry.)

Queen Dowager’s Jointure -

Northumberland:

Yearly Revenue

New Rents (besides 2$. Scry.)

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Profits of Lead Mines in Grinton, &c. Richmond -

£. s. d. £. s. d. \

36 — 8 £ ,1

10 1

CO 00 <0 1 1

452 10 2i 1

306 8 1 j 1

12 17 4

967 19 8 1

1,287 5 Q

148 15 8 f

24 3 >o

705 4 101

878 4

- - - Uncertain.

£. 2,617 19 9l

Richmond, Durham, and

i l'ees and Wages Perpetual Pensions

(Richmond -j Durham

[Northumberland -

Steward of Richmond Fee Rents sold

{Richmond Durham

Northumberland

Land Tax allowed, at 4$. per Lib. about ( Richmond

(Yearly Revenue -(Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Arrears (

Durham -

(Yearly Revenue -(Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Northumberland

(Yearly Revenue -" (Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£.31 910

88 6 8 104 17 7

Nil.

- - Nil.

- - 169 10 71

- 20 — "

- - 416 8 8

9 7 5

- - 967 19 8

127 11 6i

535 »4 3i

£. s. d.

52 ——

224 14 1 50 6 4

169 10 7i 72 ——

436 8 8

977 7 if

£. j. d.

568 11

663 5 10

2,077 1 7*

2,645 12 8

o

cr.

Stafford: Yearly Revenue

Pensions

New Rent

£. s. d. £. s. d.

- 864 14 1

1 5 10-

5 —

O e* 00 *>

68 12 10

796 1 3

1

£. s. d.

7Q7 1

Stafford, Hereford, Salop, and

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions

Stafford Hereford -Salop

Worcester -

£. 111 10 6 44 17 4

83 12 10 90 12 5

Steward of Kingsnorton (Worcester)

£. s. d. 102 13 4

330 *3 Q 2134

32 Geo. III. 25° Man. 893

CHARGE:

Hereford: *'

Yearly Revenue -Deduct Collectors Fees 734 Auditors Scrys. 3 8 —

Pensions 2 1 8

Salop:

Yearly Revenue -

Deduct Collector’s Fees 5 ——

Auditor’s Scrys. 5 14 8 Pensions' - 1136

New Rent -

Worcester:

Yearly Revenue -

Deduct Collector’s Fees 5 10 — Auditor’s Scrys. 413 — Pensions - 8 11 8

£. s. d. 1,047 12 n

11 13 —

556 13 8

12 8 2

544 4 6

New Rent

854 11 2}

18 13 8

835 17 6*

1 ——

£. s. d.

1,035 19 11

545 4 6

Rents granted to the Pendrells *

DISCHARGE:

Stafford Hereford Salop -Worcester

£. s. d.

234 6 6f

13 4 2

97 — 2| 46 — 6

Rent for Bewdley Tolls, &c. granted to Sir Francis Winington

f Stafford

T, . , Hereford

Rents old ..... - Salop.

[Worcester

Land Tax allowed, at 4 s. per Lib. about -

Arrears

836 17 6i

3,215 3 2jB

Bedford:

Yearly Revenue, besides £.1.1. 9$.

Collection Fee Queen Dowager’s Jointure -New Rent -

Bucks:

Yearly Revenue r

Queen Dowager’s Jointure -C’hauntry Rents, besides £. 2. 10. 5. Collection Fee -

£ s

56 18 10

141 3 ni

— 13 4

£. s. d.

198 16 1$

109 16 31

308 12 5

Bedford and Bucks:

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions

f Bedford [Bucks

Rents granted away -Land Tax allowed, at 4s. per Lib. about

f Bedford "[Bucks

(Bedford - - Yearly Revenue

R . /Yearly Revenue

uc s - - [Queen Dowagers Jointure

224 16 1 598 7 273 16 1

352 5 9i

Stafford 217 14 8*

Hereford - - - 362 5 9

Salop - 68 11 4

Worcester - - - - "* 257 7i

£. s. d.

39° 11 5

£, s. d.

00

<Q

i,449 5 9i 55 ——

2,331 iC

905 12 5

3,237 9 4f

<t

k

£-43 3 4 28 2 84

£. s. d.

74 ——

£<. s. d.

71 6 — f

290 3 4 i

*-j 37 3 31 j £ I 3*7 <5

-Q

i o i 6

C'oWcclion We

12 17

Suffolk

Yearly Revenue <1 Feodary Rents, about f. Queen Dowagers Jointure ’ New Rents

£. a.

£. 9.

- 49 2 9*

15 ——

- 452 7 5 t

7 3 4

523 13

7

Cambridge 1

Yearly Revenue -

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

New Rents (besides 2 s. Scry.) -

35 14 1

191 18 7

15 8 —

243 — 8 *

766 14 3t

D

cq‘

N

CD

Q_

CT

Oxford:

n ll AfA.

1 Carly rtcvuiititr

Queen Dowager’s Jointure New Rents (besides 6 s. Scry.) -

65 — 1

204 16 q 119 14 —

389 10 10

Berks:

Y’early Revenue -

Queen Dowager's Jointure

New Rents (besides 4/. Scry.) -

Profits of Courtjt — 'Honor of Ewelme, about -D* of the Manor of East Hendred

no 7 44

165 13 9f 13 18 8

289 19

9*

1 12

Suffolk and Cambridge;

Fees and Wages -Perpetual Pensions -

Rents granted away by Letters Patent

Auditor’s Scry. Money

Taxes allowed, at 4$. per Lib. about

(Suffolk -(Cambridge

f Suffolk -

Arrears - /

Cambridge

(Yearly Revenue - "I Queen Dowager’s Joinl (Hundred of Wangford

(Yearly Revenue (Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£33 10 1 1368

- — 2 5

- 117 16 1

- 5 ——

- 11 14 —

- 75 18 74.

£. s. d.

75 16 $

46 16 9

292 l6 5 4

3 — —

35 ——

£. s. (L

453 9 10*

122 18 6 87 12 7f

*Q

o

w

o

210 II 14 664 1 —

Fees and Wages -Perpetual Pensions

Oxford and Berks:

(Oxford -(Berks -

Ranger of Cranbourne Chase Steward and Bailiff of East Hendred Expences of Courts -

Steward and Bailiff of Ewelme Auditor’s Scry. Money

Whichwood Forest, 4 Bailiffs, See.

Auditor’s Scry. Money - - - '{Berks*1

Land Tax allowed, at 41& per Lib. about

1

Arrears

Oxford

Berks

(Yearly Revenue (Queen Dowager’s Jointure

{Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

s.

s.

£. 50 - 52 4 6 44 8

2 1 6

6 8

2 64

1 8

— 10 —

35 >3 m fit

-154 7 5

- 17 10 94

- 60 10 10

34 ——

102 it — 4 12 3 4

3 1 6

23 9 2 i 21 5 10

1 18 — 75 ——

190 — 11i

78 1 7i

273 8

d.

io£

CC

CHARGE:

g

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

CD

o

Berks:

Yearly Revenue

New Rents -

Bucks:

Yearly Revenue

New Rents (besides 2 s. Scry.)

The Manor of Cookham, about The Manor of Bray, about

£. s. d. £. s. d.

43 2 4f

Nil.

----- ----- ----- -- 43 2 4-f-

43 2 l

12 2 6

49 ——

52 ——

55 *4 7

101 ——

199 16 ni

These Sums for Cookham and Bray are taken as the Average in an Account made out by Mr. Auditor Lowndes, in 1763, to shew the Amount of the Revenues in 1760. The Quit Rents of these Manors were then in the Collection of the Tenants serving the Office of Reeve alternately.

Southampton:

Yearly Revenue New Rents

Wilts:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Gloucester:

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager's Jointure New Rents

£. s. d.

05 6 11

137 — —

489 2 7

265 — 7*

39 14 9

171 8 1

! 2 6 8

1

£. s.d. 272 6 11

754 3 2

213 9 6

DISCHARGE:

Honor and Castle of Windsor, in the Counties of Berks and Bucks.

Fees and Wages ——

Vicar of Old and New Windsor ——

Steward of Cookham and Bray -

Bailid' and Collector of D° -

Land Tax allowed, at 4$. per Lib. about ——

Arrears -

/ Berks [Bucks

£. s. d.

40 11 1

3 ——

4 ——

50 ——

14 ——

37 2 10J

10 — —

£. s. d.

111 11 1

47 2 10}

158 13 n

00

<0

o>

Southampton, Wilts, and Gloucester:

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions -

I Wilts [Gloucester

Bailiff of Burleigh, in New Forest -

Thomas Dacres, a Fee Farm Rent out of Winston College

Land Tax allowed, at 4 s. per Lib. about -

Arrears -

r Southampton Wilts -Gloucester

fYearly Revenue [New Rents

/Yearly Revenue [Queen Dowager’

/Yearly Revenue

- £. 29 10 4

- - 31 14 7

- - 102 13 7

- - 63 »4 7

- - - 41 — —

- - - 18 r> O —

- - - 40 — —

- - - 32 >9 74-

- 17* 8 1

£. s.d.

70 ——

163 18 6 926

3 5 2

113 ——

£. s. d. f*:

359 6

104 14 7

58 3 -204 7 8

367 5

SO

to

£. j 726 11 5 i

ksZZS~o4

g

eg'

r — H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

ft

Somerset i £. a.

Yearly Revenue -

£ Deduct Collection Fees 9 3 —

Auditor’s Scrys. - 488

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Dorset:

Yearly Revenue -Deduct Collection Fees 1 12 8

Auditor’s Scrys. - 22 —

New Rents (besides Scry.) Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Profits of Courts of the Manor of Portland, about -

£. s. d.

3i5 8 10

13 11 8

301 17 2

45 9 —

168 8 00 Hm

3 14 8

164 14 1

42 12 8

29 8 4

£. t. d.

347 6 2

236 >5 — f 45 ——

629 1 2 f

Devon:

Yearly Revenue ... Deduct Auditor’s Scry. 1 14 11 Bailiff’s Fee - - 6168

Honors of Oakhampton and Plympton -Queen Dowager’s Jointure

© Cornwall:

Yearly Revenue -Deduct Auditor’s Scry. 1 — 8

Collector’s Fee - 8 ——

Bridgewardens Exon - — 9 —

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£. s. d.

55 4 if

8 11 7

46 12 C i

7 5 f

13 10 —

42 3 10

9 OO CT>

32 14 2

120 9 4

£. *. d.

118 10 —

153 3 6

Somerset and Dorset

Fees and Wage* Perpetual Pensions

Steward and Bailiff of Portland Manor -Land Tax allowed, at 4-r- per Lib. about

/Somerset -£.171 19 5

'[.Dorset - - 34 11 8

✓ c fYearly Revenue

omerse [Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Arrears

n . /Yearly Revenue

uorse [Queen Dowager’s Jointure

59 9 10 29 8 4

£. s.

48 -

206 11 1

568

64 -

118 9 — 88 18 2

£. Sd»

CO

to

o

w

o

323 17 9 — I

207 7 2

53

1 4 11 IS*

Devon and Cornwall:

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions

Land Tax allowed, at per Lib. about

/Devon ’ [Cornwall

£.27 8 — 40 3 3

Arrears

p. /Oakhampton and Plympton cyon [Queen Dowager’s Jointure

.Cornwall, Yearly Revenue

28 _ 5

- - - - - 13 10 —

41 10 5

- - - - - 2 7 3

£. s. d. 20 ——

t

£ * <* S:

129 n 31

43 17 8

D

cq'

i — h

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

CHARG£;

Warraick: .

s. a.

Yearly Revenue -Deduct Collection Fees 14 10 — Auditor’s Scrys. - 6 16 —

Queen Dowager’s Jointure -

New Rent after D* -

New Rent, Hampton in Arden -

Leicester:

Yearly Revenue -Deduct Collection Fees 13 10 — Auditor’s Scrys. - 5 13 4

£. s.

615 — 4

21 6 —

593 236 156 5 14 4 — 3* — 3 i

453 7 2

>9 3 4

434 3 10

140 8 11 *

£. s. d.

990 *4 Hi

574 12 g 1,565 7 8 *

Queen Dowager’s Jointure -

DISCHARGE:

Warwick and Leicester:

Fees and Wages Perpetual Pensions /Warwick (Leicester

Rents granted away - (Warwick /Leicester

Rents sold (Warwick /Leicester

Land Tax allowed, at 4s. per Lib. about.

f Warwick - < Arrears r (Yearly Revenue -(Queen Dowager’s Jointure

/ Leicester - (Yearly Revenue ... (Queen Dowager’s Jointure

184 2 3

95 13 —

122 16 54 140 8114

A s. d.

13 4

- 47 2 4

- 42 3 24 i 89

5 0 T

- 31 $ 8

- 19 6 8 ! 50 13 4

488 11 3 i

27 8 2 li

£. $. d.

994 5 71

25° Man. 4*. 1792,

Savoy Hospital Revenue in divers Counties:

<5

o

Yearly Revenue

£. s. d. £. t. d.

374 8 1 Fees and Wages - -- 60

Minister of the Savoy - -- 100

Minor Canons of St. Paul’s - - - - 2

Minister of Lutheran Cdngregation ----- ---- 40

Land Tax allowed) at 4$. per Lib. about ----- --- 52 1 —

Arrears £.

£. 9 d.

254 1 — 84 13 —

338 14 —

g

cq"

r-+

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

c§

FT

Bailiwick of Saint James, in the County of Middlesex:

Yearly Revenue - - - £. s. d. 3,241 13 10 Fees and Wages - -Land TaX allowed, at 4 s.per Lib. about £.s. d. 85 15 — 645 3 4 £ s. d. 730 18 4

Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton:

£. s. d. £.s. d. £. s. d.

Yearly Revenue ----- 486 13 2 i Fees and Wages to the Governor and other Officers of the Island - - - 690 2 7

Land Tax allowed,- at /fs: per Lib; about 97 6 —

Repairs at Carisbrooke Castle, about - 60

847 8 7

32 Geo. III. 25° Mail

r>

THE TOTALS

CHARGE

g

(n

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

Cr <

o

o

c§_

FT

Essex, Hertford, Middlesex, and London £. 2,775 s. 6 d. Hi

Norfolk and Huntingdon - - - 419 12 9i

Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland - - h5'4 7 3i

York - - - 2,519 13 7 T

Richmond, Durham, and Northumberland - - 2,617 19 9i

Kent, Surrey, and Sussex - - / - 1,9°2 8 2 i

Northampton and Rutland - - - 1,401 19 5t

Stafford, Hereford, Salop, and Worcester - - 3,215 3 2 i

Bedford and Bucks - - - 308 12 5

Suffolk and Cambridge - - - 766 14 3i

Oxford and Berks - - ... - - 681 2' 84

Honor and Castle of Windsor - *99 l6 ni

Southampton, Wilts, and Gloucester - - 1,239 19 7i

Somerset and Dorset - - - 629 1 24

Devon and Cornwall - - - 271 13 6

Warwick and Leicester - - - - 1,565 7 ®i

Savoy Hospital Revenue - - 374 8 1

Bailiwick of St James - - 3,241 13 10

Isle of Wight - - - 486 13 24

Charge -Discharge

- £. 26,131 14 n - 21,507 14 —

£.4,624 — 104

to

4*4

<o

COLLECTED.

DISCHARGE:

£. s. d. 1,695 12 n-5-445 7 6 x

1.414 6 9-J-

2.414 a —

2,645 12 8 1,612 2 34 1,475 *4 3.237 9 4* 317 6 8x 664 1 —

541 11 6

158 13 11T

726 11 5

531 4 lU

»73 8 11 L537 6 Zi 338 ]4 -1-730 18 4

847 8 7

£. 21,507 14 — *

4

8

Jtf Hosier,

Dep. And'.

o

o

N^ra. B.

A STATE of the Amount of Rents of the Land Revenue in each County find Division within the Department of Mr. Auditor1 Shelley, aV given ifa Charge7 to the Receivers General, at the Time of His present Majesty’s Accession, in October 1760; with an Account of the Fees and Wages, Perpetual Pensions, Rents exonerated, being sold or granted away for Terms of Years, and all other Charges thereon;

D

(Q

r~H

n'

0

Q_

Cr

o

0§

fT

o

c

CHARGE: DISCHARGE: > 1 1

Chester. — 1760. £. s. d. £. s d. Chester. £. s. d.

Yearly Revenue - 518 5 5* - Fees-and-Wages- 120 13 4

Deduct Collector’s Fees, Auditor’s Perpetual Pensions - 92 4 10

Scrys. &c. - 85 2 5’ Auditor’s Travelling Charges - 20

433 3 — Rents granted away - - - 135 9 8|

M Taxes, at 4 s.per Lib. about - 37

The Chamberlain of Chester's — 5

Account of the Pre and Post Arrears ——

Fines - - 22 — . —

455 3 — 1 £.

s.

405 7 10i

95 16 7

5<*i' 4’ 5 i

t /%»

32 Geo. III. 25° Mail

CHARGE.

Derby. — 17C0.

Yearly Revenue -Queen Dowager’s Jointure

New Rent (ult. 2 Scry.)

£. of £. s. d.

- A 218 — 2

8 l6 8

152 17 2 161 13 i n

1V

- - - 6 11 4

386 5 4i

D

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

rT

Lincoln. — 1760. £. s. d.

Yearly Revenue ... 1,61116 1

Deduct Collector’s Fees, Auditor’s

Scrys. &c. - 4i 13 — *

1,570 3 1 i

Q. Dowager’s Jointure i,5«3 16 7 t

New Rents, besides 12$. Scry. 285 14 7

£. s

3.379 H 4-f

Hrt

DI S CHARGE:

Derby.

Fees and Wages -Perpetual Pensions Rents sold ..... Rents granted away Taxes allowed, about -

Arrears -

(Y early Revenue \Q. Dowagers Jointure

Lincoln.

Fees.

Perpetual Pensions Duke of Ancasler’a Yearly Fee Rents sold -

Rents exonerated, granted away Taxes allowed, about

Arrears -

JYearly Revenue IQ. Dowager’s Jointure

£. s. d.

17 1 4

26 15 —

147 7 6

152 7 17 2

25 18 2

£. s.

816 8

35» 1 —

34 M 10

385 15

£. 3. d. £. 3. d.

54 10 —

76 16 1 i

20 — —

1,108 5 8

543 — 9*

85 — — 1,887 1 2 7;

346 >9 7

425 10 11 772’ 10 6

£. 2,660 3 i*

O

to

ft’

-3

<0

to

1

Nottingham.'- 1760. £. s. d. £. s. (1. 1 Nottingham: £. s. d. i £. *

Yearly Revenue - 442 1 9 i Fees and Wages - 14 10 —

Deduct Collector’s Fees, Scrys. Perpetual Pensions - - . 27 17 5.

&c. 3012 — Rents sold ..... 296 16 4|

411 9 9! Taxes, at 4$. per Lib. about - - 20 — —

359 3 9*

Q. Dowager’s Jointure (ult. Arrears ----- -- 363 11 *11

£. 2. 14. 2. Scry.) - 351 13 1

♦ £.763 2 io| £. 722 14 11

THE TOTALS COLLECTED.

g

(O'

I-h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

CHARGE: £. j. </. i DISCHARGE: £. £. rf.

Chester - 455 3 — 1 . - - 50i 4 5 £

Derby 386 5 4^ 385 15 10

Lincoln - 3,379 *4 4i 2,660 3 11

Nottingham ..... 763 2 101 722 14 1j i

£. 4,984 5 8 f ! £. 4,269 18 4 $

Discharge - 4,269 1S 4*

£. 1 714 7 4 5 - n - - Remains.

Rich* Gray,

D. A ad'.

r~->

-32 Geo. III. 2

25° Mail

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

N° 12. C....

An ABSTRACT of the foregoing Account of the Rents of the Land Revenue in the several Counties in

Rents sold or granted away, and all other Charges thereon, at the

Amount of the Revenue in Charge; viz.

Divisions of the several Receivers.

r Essex -Hertford

l.\ Middlesex

Iiuiacuesex London

Bailiwick of Sai

Saint James

("Norfolk ^Huntingdon -

[Lancaster

3* J Westmorland VCumberland -

4. York -

(Richmond Durham

Northumberland

(Kent -

Surrey -Sussex -

Northampton

8.

Rutland

(Stafford j Hereford

n

Worcester

J Suffolk -Cambridge

j'Bedford -

10, ^Bucks - -

f Oxford -

11. ^Berks -

fllonor and Castle of f Berks \ Windsor, in LB ticks

I Southampton

Wilts -(Gloucester -

14. Isle of Wight

f Somerset ^Dorset

Yearly Revenue.

157

92

142

223

cf.

8 7* 7 3t

H 7 f

+ 9 f

3,241 13 10

63

20

19 6i

8 111

237 4 8J

47

70

586

36

306

I48

108

65

29

9 3 10 2

- 4 I

- 8*

8 1

15 8i

6-i

9 i 2 1

108 18 5

806 1i 3 1>°45 n 3 554 19 2

84,

5 »9

6i

16.

"^Cornwall

Devon -

J Warwick ^Leicester

18 / Savoy Hospital in divers'! t Counties - . ./

19. Chester -

ao. Derby -

/Lincoln ^Nottingham

General Total

49 9

15 Feodary Rents

35 14 i|

58- 7i 72 19 3i 15 7 5 J

65- it no 7 4

43 2 41 43 >2 1

135 6 n

489 3 7

39 14 9 486 13 2 J

315 8 10

168 8 8 A

4 if 1 7 5* J 43 3 10

55

58

c*5 — 4 453 7 3

374 8 1

12,686 3 7$

518 5 5 i

318 — 3 }

1,611 16 1 i 442 1 9i

2.790 3 7

15.476 6 3$

Queen Profits of Manors, Total Total

Dowager’s New Rents. and other in each County. of the Chargt in each

Jointure. casual Rcvcuue. Division.

£.s. d. £.t. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. t. i.

470 1 91 95 13 4 m mm rn 723 3 9 l i

288 18 101 6 8 — 387 14 2{ t 13,91614 uj

250 12 7 1,115 17 8 - 1,509 4 lo£

73 7 4 " - - ... 296 12 if J

- - - 3,2411310 3,241 13 K

298 14 3h 11 10 — - 379 3 9i 419 ,a s!1

20 - 40 8lif

K> >3 O CO 00 w>- 65 11 8 . 523 — ij.

370 7 6 J ! 418 6 9! [> i,5H 9 2;

4C01810 i 41 3 4 " 572 12 4i J

1,804 3 10-5 129 13 4 - 2,519 17 ;i 3,519 17 s

416 8 8 loi Grinton Lead Mines 452 10 2| ]

967 19 8* 12 19 4 u. — ertain. 1,287 7 'A 878 6 5 2,618 3 i

705 4 101 24 5 10 - J I

779 18 — f 73 8 6 - 961 12 7j ii.

540 — 8 £ 39 15 10 _ m m 645 6 4 i,9°3 i°

160 18 1 106 5 — - 2 96 11 31 J

1,191 12 6 7 7 5 " " " 1,307 18 4 1 1,401 19 ;!

9+ l ij - 94 1 i| 1

i - 807 11 3 1,045 11 3 1 3,356 1 Ji

1 — — * 555 19 2

" ~ m 1 - 846 19 6i J

453 7 5i 7 3 4 - 523 13 7 I 766 16

191 18 7 1 s 10 — - 243 2 8| 1

141 3 n 1 — 13 4 199 17 11 1

24 - 112 6 8± f 312 4 I

204 16 9 120 - 389 16 10?- , 1 I C81 12 '

165 13 9i 1428 1 12 29i 15 9-f

- - 101 144 2 4* 199 18 11;j

12 4 6 - 55 16 7

- 1 of — — . 272 6 11 \ !,) 1,239 ]9 ’

2C5 ~ 7 i 9 - - - 754 3 2i

171 8 1 2 C 8 - 213 9 6 j !

m m - 486 13 *1 48613 1

45 9 — 39 8 4 m 360 17 IO 1 c+611e-

42 16 8 45 -85 13 8-

13 10 — - - 127 1 7 1 289 14 9

120 9 4 - - 162 13 2 j

236 — 3 J 140 8 11| lCl — 3j m m m 1,012 — llj 593 16 if. 11,60517"*

- - - 374 8 1 37481

11,295 7 10 J 2,266 17 7 147 12 — - 26,39^5

- 22 Pre & Post Finos. 540 5 5l 540 ^j;

161 13 10 6 13 4 386 7 4i 386 7 ",

1,523 16 7 J 354 7 3 236 6 7 ... 3,421 19 4| 793 H i°i J \ 4,218

2,039 17 8f 29* 19 11 22 - — . A

13,335 5 7i 2>559 17 6 ^-469 12 — L 1 31,54! 1

..... K* 12. C.

i England, as given in Charge by the Auditors to the Receivers General; and of the Fees and Wages, Perpeti -s, Time of His Majesty's Accession in October 1760.

Particulars of the Discharge; viz.

Rents not received.

Constant Annual Payments.

\ < K Rents sold, and granted away. Arrears. Perpetual Pensions, Stipends, Alms, &c.

I £. x. d. £. s. d. £. *. d.

' 336 >9 6i 142 19 >>f 45 17 11

- - 37 4 5i e3 6 8

133 7 2 1G0 1 l\ 63 16 8

' ‘ 183 10 5 46 14 7f

; 30715 8i 77 >9 8i 29 15 G

i- - 33 12 3i

r4 f 170 _ 2 8 3 1 16 13 4

1 i 370 7 6J 10 4 7 ' 39 7 4

1 443 11 J 2e 25 — 6 42 19 2

307 9 10f 1,345 4 2l 469 7 n|

‘I f- - - 436 8 8 31 9 10

J i - . 977 7 88 6 # 8

1 169 10 7$ 663 5 10 104 17 7

f 71 14 11} 604 — nf 60 12 8|

J i 204 6 7 2G1 13 3 31 11 2

1 55 5 48 6 7 31 7 4

1,061 15 71 143 — 3i 96 4 4

1 m - 94 1 G

] f 459 2 7l 217 14 H in 10 6

’ 0.; J 611 12 — 3G2 5 9 4417 4i

1 I 1 37° 16 68 11 4 83 13 10

) { 399 6 3} 257 — 7i 90 12 5

1, f 292 16 5i 122 18 6 33 10 1

l- - 87 12 7i 13 6 8

1, f 114 4 4j 1 9 >i 43 3 4

r I 5 13 — 25 14 2i 28 2 8i

1 f- m 190 nf 50 4 4i

11 J r 78 1 7f 52 6 8

1 37 2 10f 3 —

j 1* - 10

| f m 104 14 7 29 10 4

/ )- 58 3 3i 14 7

i- _ 204 7 00 102 13 7

r- m 118 9 -J 17119 5

] 1 ' t- - 88 18 2 3411 8

1 f- - 4i 10 5 00 Cl —

I: J i- 2 7 3 40 3 3*

r 519 >7 Hf 279 15 3 47 2 4

1 ' i" 1 297 8 si 263 5 4* 42 3 2 i

r. . - . 84 >3 m

6,603 7i

>35 9

300 4

f >,651 6; A 396 16

8

Si

41

Other Yearly Payments.

Feus and Wages of Auditors, Receivers, Collectors, £cc.

Collectors Fees, and Auditors Scrys, &c.'

£. x. d.

11 1 4 Gaol Keeper of

St. Albans.

200

"" Four Itinerant Preachers.

f 10

l6 — I Gaol Keeper of Maidstone.

Woodwd of Whittlewood and Salcey Forests.

___ — Auditor for Woodwards Account.

12 3 4

Ranger of Cran-born Chase.

/ 9 I 3

2 6 Bailiff of Burley

5 2 A Fee Farm Kent

out of Winston College.

7:957

« — 9

95 16 7

34 14 10

772 10 C

363 U if

2,344 2 lj

ga 4 to

26 15 —

76 16 if

27 17 5

t 60

2 7 The Governor, &c.

— — Rep’* Carisbrook Castle.

g — Bridgewardeu of Exeter.

r 100--

J «----

I40--

Minister of the Savoy.

Minor Canons of St. Paul's.

Minister of the Lutheran Cong".

1,145 19 nf -

20 — — Duke of Ancaster.

2,383 17 3f! 1,2 66 13 — £

> 8,986 18 lof 9,223 13 gf

VOL. 47.

223 13 4i

2,567 15 5i

20

1,165 19 nf

£. s. d.

30 3 8 8 18 —

24 H —

77 *3 4

1 8 —

— 2 — 4

— 2 —

— 2 —

2 6 —

26 —

— 16 —

13 11 8

3 18 8

8 11 7

9 — 8

21 6

19 3 4

275 10 8

3 5 3 5

__3 —

4* 5 — s

33 6 2

160 15 7i

436 6 3*

Stewards and Bailiffs.

£. i. rf.

15 12 8

3 C 8

-C4

18 15 —

Fees and Wages to the Auditors, Recr* and Mes»e»gr.

£. x. d.

95 ——

8515 —

79 3 4

52 —

n813 4 52 — —

10 10 — -

9 11 4 -

10 14 8 -

10 2 — 2 13 4

1 10 — -

1 12 — -

1 1 9z -

2 10 5 -

1 14 . 21 5 10

1 16 6! 25 8 2

2 — ‘ -

6 8

51 13 4

102 13 4

75 16 8

>74----

34 ——

568

197 14 8

197 14 8

40 11 1

} 48 ——

20 ——

47 13 4

60

1,178 6 1

Land Tax at 4 s. per £. on the Rents received.

£. *. d.

360 ——

645 3 4

15 13 —

35 ——

170 ——

72 ——

>45 ——

>5 ——

55 —

35 ——

f 120 13 4 L 20 ——

17 1 4

54 10 —

14 10 —

226 14 8

1,405 — 9

75 ——

14 ——

113 ——

97 G —

C4 ——

42 ——

40 ——

52 1 —

2,070 3 4

} 37 --7 —

85 —

20 ——

149 ——

2,219 3 4

25° Maii.

A. 1792.

N° 13. A.

32 Geo. III. 25° Maii.

1

N° 13. A.

A STATE of the Amount of the RENTS of the LAND REVENUE, in the ] of James West, Esquire, One of the Auditors of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and Annual Charges thereon: A particular Account of the FEES and WAGES paid thereoi of the SUMS of Money deducted therefrom, before the Receivers are charged with the Am the said Rents. — 1787.

VOL. 47.

10 V

A

__ —

90S

25s M

A'.- 1

A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in the several Counties of Essex, Hertford, and Middlesex

A particular Account of the Fees and Wages paid thereout; and of the Sums of Money

Essex:

CHARGE:

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,"! /Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -J [Good Rents

Yearly

Revenue.

Leasehold -

allow ed by ancient Usage, Auditor’s Scrys. -Collector’s Fees -D°, Colchester Collection

I.s.

- 2 12 8 - 23 13 4

-368

New Rents.

Nett Charge on Receivers General -

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,/ /Old Supers as per Rental - - - - -j [Good Rents

Leaseholds -

deduct 'Sctys. -

Nett Charge on Receivers General - «.

' Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,! fOld Supers as per Rental - - - -J [Good Rents

Queen

Dowager's

Jointure.

Rents granted away for 99 Years from 1705 - 180 13 6 i

- - D° - - - for 99 Years from 1718 - 149 ——

Leaseholds

Hertford;

Yearly

Revenue.

deduct Scrys. ——

Nett Charge on Receivers General -

The whole Nett Charge of the County of Essex

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,! /Old Supers as per Rental -J [Good Rents

Leasehold

----- 18 —

- 3 ——

allow ed by ancient Usage,

Auditor’s Scrys. -Collector’s Fees -- - D* - St. Alban’s Collection

Nett Charge on Receivers General -

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,/ /Old Supers as per Rental - - - -J [Good Rents

New Rents.

Leaseholds

Q. Dowager’s f Unimproveable Rents as per Rental Jointure. [ Leaseholds (besides 2$. Scrys.)

New Rent afteth!

Demise of Queen > Manor of Tring

Dodger J

Oid Supers

£. s. d.

82 4 9 70 18 2 J

153 2 11 |

3 ——

156 2 11 |

Whereout

29 12 8

2 5" 2 15 —

5 ——

197 >7

202 17 6 I Whereout

— ,g **.

55 10 2 115. —

57 5 21

329 13 73 1 —

459 ’9 9 I

Whereout

— 4 —

17 9 1 T

74 13 10 i

92 2 11 1

— 3 4

92 6 31

Whereout

8 18

---4

228

23 — 4 3 4

ip 15 — 270 19 10 |

£. s. d.

126 10 31

201 19 6 }

459 »5 9 £

The whole Nett Charge of the County of Hertford

Carried over

£. s. d.

788 5

8 3

6 4

14 10 £ 5 — 380 14

£. 1,169 — 1*.

n-.

-k

the City of London, and the Counties of Norfolk and Huntingdon, and of the Annual Char" deducted therefrom, before the Receivers are charged with the Amount of the said Rents.

S3 i'

DISCHARGE

Essex:

Perpetual Pensions Magdalen College Alms

Rents granted away for 99 Years, Parcel of the Queen Dowager’s Jointure, as per contra - -.....- -

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per contra; (viz.)

Yearly Revenue -

New Rents ——

Queen Dowager's Jointure - -

' The Discharge in the County of Essex

Hertford:

\K'

Perpetual Pensions Gaol Keeper of St. Albans -Steward and Bailiff of Hitchin Steward of iHemelhempsted Bailiff of Hemelhempsted -Scry, for Hemelhempsted -Repairing the Pound -

Arrears;, being the Amount of the supored Rents, as per contra; viz.

Yearly Revenue ——

New Rents ——

Queen Dowager’s Jointure ——

£. s. d.

22 16 8

6 ——

17 3

82 4 0 2 5 — 55 10 2 |

£ s. d.

45 17 n

329 t3 6

*39 19 11

6 6 8

4 — Uncertain.

*79*#

19 15 —

63 6 8

it 1 4

82 —

7 *0 8

37 4 5#

The Discharge in the County of Hertford Carried over -

Vol. 47.

«1H

Twelfth Report on the Land Keven lie.

MlCD I.ESEX

25° Mail

CHARGE:

A. 1792.

Bro* over

Yearly

Revenue

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,"I fOld Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -J (Good Rents

Leasehold

JOld Supers (Good

i 16 8

1711 8

New Rents -

allowed by ancient Usage,

Auditor’s Scrys. - - - - -116 —

Collectors Fees - - - -1268

- - D° - - Manor of Stanwell - - - 2 13 4

Nett Charge on Receivers General -

Fee Farm, &c. as per Rental ——

John Huggins, Hampton Court, old Super — 6 8

Comrnrs of Westminster Bridge, supered 13 6 8

Leaseholds

Good Rents

- 13 13 4

L397 17 4 t

deduct Scrys. -

Nett Charge on Receivers General -

Q. Dowager’s f Fee Farm, &c. as per Rental - - Old Supers

Jointure - ( Leaseholds (besides 2 Scry.) -

New Rents after the Demise of Q. Dowager

The whole Nett Charge of the County of Middlesex -Loxdox:

'Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,*( fOld Supers as per Rental - - - - -J \G00d Rents

£. s. d.

57 2 2 }

64 .14 1 }

121 16 3-1-

’9 8 4

141 4 7 ♦

- £.

d.

Whereout

16 16 —

— 12

1,411 10 8 F

1,411 11 10 F Whereout 10 16 —

1,169- 1}

£. *. I

124 8 7 }

Fee Farm (besides 2 Scry.) -Leaseholds (besides 8j. Scry.)

Yearly

Revenue

allowed by ancient Usage, Auditor’s Scrys. -Collector’s Fees -

_ Nett Charge on Receivers General

O

- C 10 —

- 71 3 4

New Rents - Leasehold (besides 10*. Scry.) Queen Dowager's Jointure -

63 2 3

18 8 —

— 114

38 12 4

110 3 1

113 1 81

1,400 15 10}

8110 3

39 3 8

223 4 9i Whereout

77 13 4

Old Supers

145 11

57 4 2 73 7 4

1,645 18 51

The whole Nett Charge of the City of London -

The whole Nett Charge in Essex, Hertford, Middlesex, and London

f.

276 2 ill 3,091 1 61

Middlesex:

DISCHARGE:

Perpetual Pensions ... Vicar of St. Martin’s in the Fields -Woolstaple Pensioners -Lady Ally D°

Serjeant Porter -

Gate Keeper at Hyde Park -

Lamp Lighter -

Under Housekeeper at Hampton Court -

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per contrat; (viz.) Yearly Revenue - - - - ^>7

New Rents ——

2 2l

6 8

— 68 13 6 8

Queen Dowager’s Jointure

The Discharge in the County of Middlesex

London:

Perpetual Pensions - -

Poor of Newgate, St. Martin's Orgar, and Clark’s Hall Rent resolute to the Vicar of St. Sepulchre’s -

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per contra; (viz.)

Yearly Revenue -Queen Dowager’s Jointure

Fees and Wages in the Division of Hertford, Middlesex, and

London; (viz.)

Receiver's Fee ——

To him, for Audit Expences

To the Auditor, for Precepts and Proclamations -

Land Tax allowed, at 45. per Lib. on the Rents in this Division; (viz.) in Essex - -

Hertford ——

Middlesex ——

London -

Brought over - -

£ s. d. £, s.

11 12 — 4 10 — 42 8 —

5 6 8

58 18 10J

13 13 4

63 2 3

63 16 8

20 ——

17 ——

10 ——

20 6 8

*3i 3 4

135 14 51

21 ——

29 16 8 5 4 71

no 3 1

73 7 4

56 1

183 10 5

56 13 4

35----

368

60 610 60 17 4

281 19 — 21 14 10

2(

23.

42<

The whole Discharge in Essex, Hertford, Middlesex, and London - -

i,66<

Vol. 47-

10 Z

<7/1° Hosier,

Dep, Audr.

25° M.

A. 1792.

Norfolk;

CH A R G E:

Yearly /Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, as!01d Supers Revenue. \ per Rental delivered herewith - - -/Good Rents

New Rents. — Leasehold (besides 45. Scry.) - -

'"Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, as/1Old Supers per Rental ----- -/Good Rents

Queen Dowager’s < Jointure.

Rents ceased, Parcel of Queen Dowager’s Join- ture, but now under new Rents, included in > -

the above Sum of 19/. 7 gd. - -J

Leasehold Rents for the Site of the Manor! of West Walton, &c. - - - -J

£. s. d.

54 6 2^ 14 13 4

20 18 — 42 7 2

63 5 2 207 15 8£

15 6 8

Increased Rent for Lands in West Walton, from 6th September 1785 Profits of Courts. — West Walton, Walsoken Emneth, and Tilney, about

Huntingdon:

Yearly /Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, as/Old Supers Revenue. \ per Rental delivered herewith -J Gpod Rents

New Rents.

A Rent reserved for divers Improvements in Somersham, as per Rental, an old Super ——

The Manor of Stoughton Magna -

20 — 61 16

13 12 3| 1168

15 8 ui

81 16 4

£. d.

68 19 6$ *9 7 9

286 7 6J

8 10 — 12 ——

£. s. d.

The whole Nett Charge in Norfolk and Huntingdon - - - £.

395 4 9

97 5 3i

492 10 i*

Saint James's Bailiwick, in the County of . ----- A STATE of the

CHARGE:

Yearly ffee Farm Rents, as per Rental delivered herewith Revenue. (Leasehold -

Increased

Rents.

Leaseholds

£. s. d. 586 3,235 17 8

3,241 6 2

336 11 10

£. s. d.

3,577 18 -

25° Mali

DISCHARGE:

Norfolk:

£. s.

£. i. d.

Perpetual Pensions Procurations and Synodals

16 10 12 16

Exonerated Parcel of the Queen Dowager’s Jointure, as per Contra, being granted under New Rents for Terms of Years -Auditor’s Scry. ——

4

2

Arrears, being the Amount of the supered Rents, as pep Contra; (viz.)

Yearly Revenue - - - *5462!

Queen Dowager's Jointure - - -20 18 —

29 »5

207 15 1 8

75 4

6

8*

2 i

31

Huntingdon:

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra; (viz.)

Y early Revenue ——

New Rent ——

Fees and Wages in the Division of Norfolk and Huntingdon.

Receiver’s Fee, £. 53. 6 s.8 d. and for Audit Expences £. 20 -

To the Auditor, for Precepts and Proclamations -

To the Messenger, his Fee ——

Land Tax allowed, at 4 s. per Lib. on the Rents in this Division; (viz.)

Norfolk ——

Huntingdon.....-

The whole Discharge in Norfolk and Huntingdon

»3 12 3*

20 ——

73 6 8 3 6 8 2 10 —

16 13 — 12 7 —

- £.

4.

In* Hosier, Dep. Audr.

Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue, and of the Annual Charges thereon.

DISCHARGE:

Bailiffs Fee -

His additional Salary -

Auditor’s Quietus -

Making up Accompt -

Land Tax upon the Rents, about -

£.s. d* 185 — 60 — 1 — £.

5 5 —

10 10 —

660 754

Jit Hosier, Dep. And*.

Vol. 47.

A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue, in the Counties of , and

Northumberland, and of the Annual Charges thereon: A particular Account of the Fees and Wages paid thereout,

CHARGE.

Lancaster:

Yearly

Revenue.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,"I Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -jGood Rents

[ Leaseholds - -

New Rents. (Fee Far FTeij Monastcrey’ *s Per Rental ' " "

I Leaseholds (besides 2 Scry.) - -

q [Freehold and Copyhold Rents, Manor of Wharton -

Dowser's j^he Demesnes, Free and Copyhold Rents, &c. of the Manor

Jj of Muchland, granted for 99 Years, from 1705, at io$.

oin ure. [ per _^nnum> charged in the New Rents - -

Westmorland:

Y early Revenue. '

r Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents'! Old Supers as pfer Rental delivered herewith - - -J Good Rents

Leasehold Tolls of Cattle

New Rent - Steward and Bailiff of Kendal (Leasehold) -

Queen Dowa- (Divers Lands, Tolls, Mines, Freehold and ether Rents^ as

ger’s Jointure. / per Rental, granted for 99 Years, from i"705 -

Cumberland:

Yearly /Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,! Old Supers Revenue. \ as per Rental delivered herewith - -jGood Rents -

vj- j, /Manor of Holme Cultram -

ew en s. (Leasehold (besides 45. Scry.) -

Queen [Rents granted away for ever ——

Dowager’s -I Manor and Forest of Ennerdale, Leasehold (besides 2 s. Jointure. [ Scry.) ——

£. sd.

8 3 1

216 14 114

224 18 — 12 6 8

168

66 19 8

50 3 6*'

£. s. d.

-170 — 2

id 4 7

35 4 8

- 45 9 3

2 — —

25 — 6

45 9 8

— 13 4

9° 9 4

443 I X

20 15 CO

237 4 8 68 6 4

220 3 8 f

47 9 3 370 7 61

70 10 2

91 2 8

464 6 9

£. s. d.

525 14 9*

418 16 9}

625 19 7

The Whole Nett Charge in the Counties of Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland - £. 1,570 11 2

32 Geo. III.

25° Man.

9

,c< Cumberland, the County of York, the Archdeaconry of Richmond, the Bishopric of Durham, and the C

"'1* and of the Sums of Money deducted therefrom, before the Receiver is charged with the Amount of the said R

4 it

11 v

DISCHARGE

Lancaster.

Perpetual Pensions Bailiff of Wharton

Rents granted away for 99 Years, from 1705, as per Contra Arrears Yearly Revenue, as per Contra -

Westmorland:

Perpetual Pensions ——

Rents granted away for 99 Years, from 1705, as Per Contra Arrears Yearly Revenue, as per Contra -

CuMBERDANB1

Perpetual Pensions -

Rents granted away for ever, as per Contra

Arrears Yearly Revenue, as per Contra

Fees and Wages in the Division of Lancaster, Westmorland, and

Cumberland; (viz.)

Receiver's Audit Expences -

Auditors Precepts and Proclamations ——

Messenger ——

Land Tax allowed on the Rents, at per Lib. (viz.)

£. s. d. 16 13 4

Lancaster

Westmorland

Cumberland

£. s. d.

17 13 4

170 — 2 8 3 1

39 7 370 7 10 4

4

6 i

7

42 19 2

443 11 — i

25 — 6

40 ——

8 ——

4 ——

14 4 10 6 19 4 12 18 7

The whole Discharge in the Counties of Lancaster,"I Westmorland, and Cumberland - -J

195

419

5ii

52

34

Lai:

In° Hosier, Dep. 1

Vox.. 47.

11 A

916

25° Mali.

A. 1792,

Twelfth Report of the Land Revenue.

CHARGE

York:

Yearly

Revenue.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, f^ld Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -[Good Rents

Leaseholds -

vt -n . [New and increased Rents reserved on Leases (besides N««r Rents. ,6j S(TJ (.....- .

ffee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,g Queen I as per Rental -J P

Dowager s n Rents -

Jointure.

Rents granted away for ever -

rs

£. s.

63 — 7

498 12 3

561 12 10 1817 6

£. s. d.

£. s. (1.

580 10 4|

35.5 10 9

1,184 10 1

The whole Nett Charge in the County of York

2,120 11 2

32 Geo. III.

25° Man.

917

Twelfth Ilepor of the Land Revenue.

DISCHARGE:

York:

£. s. d.

£. s. d.

£. s. d.

Perpetual Pensions -Bailiff of Rosedale - -

Governor of Kingston upon Hull

Rents granted away for ever, as per Contra

469

3

30

7 "

6 8

502 14 7? 307 9 10

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra: viz.

Yearly Revenue ——

re

Queen Dowager’s Jointu ——

Fees and Wages in the County of York; viz.

63 — 7 696 19 11

760 — 6-J 1,570 5 — i

Receiver’s Fee - -

Receiver’s Audit Expences -Auditors Precepts and Proclamations Messenger’s Fee

54 ——

50 ——

8 ——

6 13 4

Land Tax allowed on the Rents, at 4s. per Lib.

118 13 181 14

4

8

The whole Discharge in the County of York

1,870 13 —

J>,° Hosier,

Dep. Aucir.

Vol. 47.

Ji

25° Man.

a. im.

CHARGE;

Richmond

Yearly

Revenue.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,"1 Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith -/ Good Rents

Leasehold

New Rent A Close at Newton in the Willows -Q. Dowagers f Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,"1 „

Jointure. \ as per Rental -j* uPers

Profits of Lead Mines in Grinton and Fremington -

D*ukham:

{Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,) Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith -J Good Rents

1

Leasehold

New Rents. Leasehold (besides 4 j. Scry.) -Q. Dowager’s f Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,) Jointure. \ as per Rental delivered herewith - -J upers

Northumberland:

Yearly

Revenue.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,) Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -J Good Rents

Leaseholds

New Rents. Leasehold (besides 2 s.Scry.)

Q. Dowagers J Fee Farm and other Rents, as per Rental,) Jointure. ( the Whole supered) - - - -J

20

14

d.

8 i

£. s. d.

34

2

- 81

9 7 5

243 6 8

252 14 1

35 16 —

36 — 8 }

----- 10^-

415 17 4

Uncertain.

288 10 1

39 7 10

967 19 84

451 18 lCj

127 11 64

18 17 6

146 9 —

268

148 15 8-j.

19 17 2

492 14 41

L295 17 7:

661 7 3

The whole Nett Charge in the Division of Richmond. Durham, and) Northumberland - -- -- -j

f.

M09 3 9*

25° Mali,

919

DISCHARGE:

£ s. d. £. s.

Richmond:

Perpetual Pensions -Steward of Richmond - Arrears — Yearly Revenue, as per Contra - D* — Queen Dowager’s Jointure 31 9 10 50 6 4 20 415 17 4 81 16 2

435 17 4 88 6 8

Durham: ' Perpetual Pensions - - - . - - 1 . m u.

Arrears — Yearly Revenue, as per Contra - - D’ — Queen Dowager’s Jointure Northumberland: 9 7 5 967 19 81 977 7 1 104 17 7

Arrears — Yearly Revenue, as per Contra - -D* — Queen Dowager’s Jointure - 127 \\ 6| 492 14 4i 620 5 11

Fees and Wages in the Division of Richmond, Durham, and Northumberland; (viz.)

Receiver’s Audit Expences ----- --- - 40

Auditor’s Precepts and Proclamations ----- -- 6

6

Land Tax allowed on the Rents, at 4$. per lib. (viz.)

Richmond ----- ----- -- - 32 —

Durham - -- - 67 411

Northumberland ----- ----- - 6 10 2

The whole Discharge in the Division of Richmond, Durham, and Northumberland -

In* Hosier, Dep. And'

Vol. ,47.

n B

£ *. d.

5*7 13 6

1,065 13 9

725 3 o

52 ——

76 17 1

2,437 7 >

25° Mali.

Twelfth Report on the L*r\a Revpnqp.

920 25° Mali. A, 1792.

A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in the several Counties of Kent, Surry

Wages paid thereout; and of the Sums of Money deducted therefrom, before tl*

Kent

Yearly

Revenue.

New Rents.

Queen

CHARGE:

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, fOId Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -(Good Rents

.Leaseholds, whereof l?/. §s. granted in Fee

' Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, f Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -[Good Rents

Leaseholds (besides 145. Scry.) - - - *

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,'l01, Q as per Rental delivered - - -JUm supers

Dowager’s ( Manor of Neatscourt, granted under a New Rent of

Jointure.

21. 16«. 8 d.charged below Manor of Eltham, &c. Leasehold -

New Rent after!

the Demise j- Manor of Neatscourt, Leasehold of Q. Dowager.J

Sujirey

Y early Revenue.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,) Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -J Good Rents

Leasehold, Manor of Richmond

iT R /Leasehold (besides 10 Sory.) exclusive ew en s. ]\j^nor Rjchmopd, as below

Queen

Dowager’s

Jointure.

' Fee Farm and other unimprioveable Rents,).-., -

as per Rental delivered - - -jUm 5upere

Manpr of Egham, granted for 99 Years, from 1705, under a Rept of 3/. 6$. 8 charged below -Leaseholds ——

The Manors of Ryfleet and Way Bridge, charged erroneously 16/. 3 $. 8 d. instead of 15/. 3$. Sd.as reserved by Grant

£. 90 2

4

New Rents after) the Demise > Leasehold of Q Do wager. J

One Eighth Part of the Profits of the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, between Bugby’s Hole and London Bridge, about ——

'"Demesne Rents of the Ske of the Palace, received by the Steward, and by him accounted for to Her Majesty, though reserved payable to the Receiver General by the respective Grants 1 -Rents reserved on Leases, not received by James Sat/er, Esquire, Steward of this Manor, but the Premises said by him to have been purchased for His Majesty, and to be Part of the Royal Gardens -A Messuage, called the Bake House at Richmond, with other Buildings, &c. (not received by Mr. and the

Reason thereof assigned on Rental A Rent paid to the Steward, and by him accounted for to Her Majesty, for Acres of Meadow in Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex (not in Grant by any Lease) -

Manor of Richmond.

£. s. d. 157 — —

54 13 4

3i 15 —

5

15

62

s. d.

6 -I 3 4

77 30 9 16 4£ 8

13 9 tt rr-> " 3.

3 2 6

16 11 6

99 7 2

554 19 9t

7i 14 11 £

153 3 4

- m

15 10

29 >9 9i

45 9 9*

20 — —

244 3 3

€4 5 H

: 9‘ 2 4*

£. s. d.

10S 6 T-f

115 18 8

779 »3 -.ri

2168

65 9 40 16

399 229 4

250 —

4

* d.

*,oo6 19 f;'

248 8 4

Carried over

1,233 10 2,240 9 y.

Sussex, Northampton, and Rutland, and of the Annual Charges thereon: A particular Account of the Fees and Receiver is charged with the Amount of the said Rents.

DISCHARGE:

£. s. d.

Kent:

Perpetual Pensions

Steward of the Honor of Otford

Gaol Keeper of Maidstone -

6o 12 81 18 15 —

3 ’6 — i

Rent of the Manor of Neatscourt, Parcel of Queen Dowager’s Jointure, now granted under a new Rent of 2 /. 16 s. 8 as per Contra -Rent of the Manor of Gillingham, granted in Fee, as per Contra Auditor’s Scry. Money - -

£, s. d.

83 3 9 i

7i H HI 17 9 6

2 -r —

£. s. d.

Arrears, being the Amount of Old Supers, as per Contra; viz*.

Yearly Revenue ——

New Reuts ——

Queen Dowager's Jointure ——

15 6 < — -f J3 9 554 19 0 4

14 9 4

758 3 — T

Surrey:

Perpetual Pensions *

Rents granted away for 99 Years, from 1705, as per Contra -

Auditor’s Scry. Money ....

Exonerated and other Rents of the Manor of Richmond, because not in the Collection of the Receiver General ——

31 11 2

64 5 8 1 18 —

248 8 4

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra; viz*. Yearly Revenue

Queen Dowager’s Jointure ——

15 10 —

244 3 3

259 13 3

605 16 5 i

Vol. 47.

Carried over

1,363 19 6t

25° Mali.

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

Sussex

Yearly

Revenue.'

Queen

Dowager’s

Jointure.

CHARGE

Brought over

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, fOld Supers as per Rental delivered herewith, - \Good Rents

Leasehold Lands at Sellsea

New Rents, Leasehold (besides 8$. Scry.) -

ffee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, "I qjj Supers as per Rental - - - - -J P *

Sedgwick Park, granted in Fee under anew Rent of charged as below - .

Site and Capital Mansion of Cheesworth Manor, &c. granted in Fee ——

New Rent after!

the Demise > Sedgwick Park, granted in Fee-Old Super of Q. Dowager.J

£. s.

— 10 8

26 17 61

27 S 2

40 10 li

55 5 ~

54 12 2

£. s. d.

£. 1.

2,240 9

29 8 21 118 10 4

150 8 1

5 5 —

303 11

The whole Nett Charge in the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Sussex - £.

2,544 1

J

25* Man.

923

Twelfth Re on the La Revenue.

DISCHARGE:

Sussex:

Brought over -

Perpetual Pensions -

Rent granted away for ever, as per Contra

Auditor’s Scry. Money -

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra: (viz.)

Yearly Revenue ——

Queen Dowager’s Jointure ——

New Rent after the Demise of Queen Dowager -

Fees and Wages in the Division of Kent, Surrey, and Sussex; (viz.)

Receiver’s Fee -His Audit Expences -

Auditor’s Precepts and Proclamations Messenger’s Fee -

Taxes allowed, at 4-s. per Lib. in this Division; (viz.)

Kent

Surrey

Sussex

£. a. d.

— 10 8 40 10 11

5 5 —

£. s. d.

£. a. d.

1,363 19 6

31 7 4

55 5 -

— 8 —

46 6 7

133 6 11

62 12 10

79 8 4

37 18 8

The whole Discharge in the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Sussex £.

71 6 8

179 19 10

1,748 i a 11

Jri Hosier,

Dep. Audr.

Vol. 47.

11 C

A. 1792.

25" Maii.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

CHARGE:

Northton:

Yearly

Revenue.

}Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, \ Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - - J Good Rents

New Rents. Leasehold ——

( Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, "I Old Supers 1 Queen I as per Rental delivered herewith - J be»ide« »o». Scry.j

Dowager’s I The Honor, Lordship, and Manor of Grafton, &c. granted Jointure. ] away for 99 Years, from 1705, under a new Rent of 20$. I as below, (besides 3/. 124. Scry.) -

New Rent after] jjonor> Lordship, and Manor of Grafton, granted to the Duke of Q Dowager J Grafton and his Heirs Male.....-

£. 4. d.

13 2 6 95 »5 9

£. 4. d.

108 18 3

6 7 5

1,191 12 6

Rutland:

Yearly 1 Revenue. J

Queen ]

Dowager’s J- The Whole supered (besides 104. Scry.) Jointure. J

Nil.

- £. 94 i i|

The whole Nett Charge in the Counties of Norttlton and Rutland

£. 4. i

1,307 18 2

94 1 li

,401 19 3i

V

25° Mail.

925

DISCHARGE:

Northton:

£. *. d.

£. t. d.

t.

d.

Twelfth on the 1 Revenue

Perpetual Pensions ——

Rents granted away in Tail Male, Parcel of the Queen Dowager’s Jointure,

as per Contra ——

Woodwards of Whittlewood and Salcey - - - - io-

Auditor for Woodward’s Account -.4-

96 4 4 1,061 15 7*

14 ——

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra; (viz.)

Yearly Revenue -....

Queen Dowager’s Jointure ——

Land Tax, at 4 s.per Lib. allowed on the Rents of this County

Fees and Wages in the Division of Northton and Rutland; (viz.)

13 2 6 129 16 10$

142 19 4 f 14 19 —

1,329 18

4

Receiver’s Fee -

To him, for Audit Expenses

Auditor’s Precepts and Proclamations Messenger’s Fee -

20 ——

26 13 4

----- ----- - 46 13 4

- - 4 ——

5» 13 4

Rutland:

Arrears Queen Dowager’s Jointure

94 1 1 i

The whole Discharge in the Counties of Northton and Rutland

i,475 12

9*

In‘ Hosier, Dep. And'.

VOL. 47.

A STATE

1

25° Mail

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report oil the Land Revenue.

A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in the several Counties of Stafford, Hereford

and of the Sums of Money deducted therefrom, before the Receive

Stafford:

Yearly < Revenue.

CHARGE:

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,"! Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -/Good Rents

Rents granted to the Pendrells and their Heirs, in Fee allowed by ancient Usage,

Collector’s Fees Auditor’s Scrys.

Rents set apart for Pensions, and not received by the Receiver, but presumed to be received by the Persons to whom the Pensions are due ——

£. s.

5 to — 5 ——

58 2 10

New Rent - Royal Mines granted to the Duke of Chandos, per Lease ——

Hereford:

Yeariy . Revenue. \

’ Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,7 Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -/Good Rents

Salop:

Yearly < Revenue.

Leasehold Rents -

Rents granted to the Pendrells, in Fee

allowed by ancient Usage, Collector’s Fee -

Auditor’s Scrys.

Rents set apart for Pensions, as above

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,7 Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -/Good Rents

Leasehold Rents ——

Rents granted to the Pendrells -

allowed by ancient Usage,

Collector’s Fees - - - - -£.5 ——

Auditor’s Scrys. - - - 5148

_ Rents set apart for Pensions, as above - - 1136

New Rents - Reserved on Leases, besides 2 Scry.

Worcester:

' Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,/Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -/Good Rents

Yearly > Revenue.

Leasehold Rents - - - - £. 76125}

Bewdley Tolls granted away for qq Years, from

26 Charles 2d....

Rents granted to the Pendrells

allowed by ancient Usage,

Collector’s Fees Auditor’s Scrys. -k Rents set apart for Pensions, as above -

£. 5 10 — 4 12 — 8 11 8

New Rent - The old Bridewell Leasehold, expired

£. a. d.

217 14 8 i

187 16 8}

405 11 5*

334 6 6 i

639 18 —

Whereout

OO to 12 10

362 13 11 T

69 10 3 1

432 4 3

3 16 8

13 4 2

7 3 4

2 8 —

2 1 8

66 16

109 17 1 X

176 13 ~k

9 3 4

97 — 2}

282 16 7

Whereout

12 8 2

256 12 6}

122 — —

00 00 12 6}

77 12 5*

46 — 6

502 5 5 i

Whereout

18 13 8

£. *. d.

57i 5 2

449 5 i Whereout

11 13 —

270 8 5 29 ——

483 11 9 i

£. f. 1

572 5 a

437 12 i,

299 8 5

The whole Net Charge in the Counties of Stafford, Hereford, Salop, and Worcester

- £.

484 i1 9

i,793 *7 5

‘k

4Jt

Salop and JVwees ter, and the Annual Charges thereon: A particular Account of the Fees and Wages is charged with the Amount of the said Rents.

3

Stafford:

DISCHARGE

Perpetual Pensions ----- Rents granted to the Pendrells, as per Contra Arrears. Yearly Revenue, as per Contra -

Hereford:

Perpetual Pensions -

Rents granted to the Pendrells, as per Contra Arrears. Yearly Revenue, as per Contra -

Salop:

Perpetual Pensions -

Governor of Ludlow Castle - - .

Rents granted to the Pendrells, as per Contra Arrears. Yearly Revenue, as per Contra -

Worcester:

Perpetual Pensions ——

Steward of King’s Norton...-

Rents granted to the Pendrells, as per Contra ——

Tolls of Bewdley, granted for 99 Years, from 26th July, 26th Cha* 2d -Arrears. Yearly Revenue, as per Contra ——

Fees and Wages in the Division of Stafford, Hereford, Salop, and Worcester, viz.

Receiver’s Fee -

His Audit Expences ——

Auditor’s Precepts and Proclamations -

Messenger’s Fee -

Taxes allowed, at per Lib. viz.

Stafford..... ——

Hereford ——

Salop ——

Worcester..... ——

£. s. d.

111 10 6

234 6 6 i 217 14 81

44 17 4

13 4 2

362 13 ill

83 12 10 28 2 —

97 — 2 i 66 16 —

89 14 8 2 13 4 46 — 6

256 12 6

40 ——

40 ——

20 ——

2 13 4

19 17 —

3 16 10

6 9 9 24 18 9

The whole Discharge in the Counties of Stafford, Hereford, Salop and Worcester

thereout Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

£. s. d

563 ll 9 r

420 15 5 *

275 ~

396 1 — T

102 13 4

.55 2 4

1,813 14 11

In° Hosier, Dep. Audr.

Vol. 47.

11 D

Bedford:

CHARGE:

'"Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents/ /Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -J [Good Rents

Yearly

Revenue.

allowed by ancient Usage, ^Receiver’s Collection Fee

O Dowaeer’s fManor of Biggleswade (Leasehold)....

® < Manors of Steppingley, &c. granted under a new Rent of

Jointure. i0/. 13 *. 4rf. as below....

New Rent, after)

the Demise of [Manors of Steppingley, &c. (Leasehold) -Q. Dowager. J

Bucks:

("Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents;-) /Old Supers Yearly j as per Rental delivered herewith - -J (Good Rents

Revenue. \

[Leasehold Rents -

Q'£rrr’3 }« sup-.

As per Rental delivered herewith

£. s. d.

1 9 1

56 11

58 - 7 £

Whereout

1 1 9 £

26 19 7

114 4 4£

l i4 O I " 2

36 5 1

37 »9 0 1 O T

35 — —

Chauntry

Rents.

allowed by ancient Usage, Receiver’s Collection Fee -

1.5 7 5

Whereout

210 .5

£. y. d.

5G 18 10

14> 3 I't

10 13 4

7219 3 i 24----

12 17 —

The whole Nett Charge in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks

£. s. i

208 16 1 j

109 16 3)

12 5

Suffolk:

Yearly / (Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,/ fOld Supers J as per Rental delivered herewith - -J /Good Rents

Revenue,

Q. Dowager’s Jointure.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,/ fOld Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -J (Good Rents

Leasehold Rents ——

Shimpling Park, granted under a new Rent of £ s j 61 135. 4 d.and charged in new Rents as

below - - - - -80 ——

Stradbrooke Manor, &c. granted in Fee, under

a new Rent of 10$. - - - - 140 13 5

New Rents, after the Demise of Q. Dowager.

Leasehold (besides 2$. Scry.) -

Stradbrooke Manor, Ac. Fee Farm, as per Rental delivered herewith -

Feodary Rents, in the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, as per Rental delivered herewith, comibz Annis, about ——

Cambridge:

'Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,/ /Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -J /Good Rents

Y early Revenue.

.Leasehold

Q. Dowager’s, Jointure. )

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,) /Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -J [Good Kents

Leasehold

New Rent, after)

the Demise of [Leasehold (besides 2<y. Scry.) Q. Dowager. J

£. s. d.

— 25

49 — 4 i

11716 1

32 7 3

150 3 4 81 10 8

220 13 5

7 1 4

— 10 —

11 14 ~

23 10 1 |

35 4 1

— 1 o —

75 >3 71

13 6 2 f

S'9 4 1 o 104 13 9

£. s. d.

49 2 9

452 7 5 I

7114

>5

>5 >4 1 i

£. s.

5-M '

lhc whole Nett Charge in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge - - £.

25° M

929

a-

Cambridge, and of the Annual Charges thereon: A particular Account of the Fees and Wages paid thereout, and of the Twelfth Report is charged with the Amount of the said Rents. Revenue*"*

______________________________ v_____________________________________________________________________________s

DISCHARGE:

Bedford:

Perpetual Pensions ——

Manors of Steppingley, See. — Parcel of Queen Dowager’s Jointure, granted away, as per Contra ——

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers Yearly Revenue -

Bucks:

Perpetual Pensions -

Rents granted away for ever — Parcel of 15/. 7 5 Chauntry Rents, as

per Contra -

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra; (viz.) Yearly Revenue -

Queen Dowager's Jointure -

Fees and Wages in the Division of Bedford and Bucks; (viz.) Receiver’s Fees, 30/. his Audit Expences, 20/.

Auditors Fees, 20/. Precepts and Proclamations,

Land Tax at 4 s.per Lib. allowed on the Rents of this Division; (viz.) Bedford -

Bucks ——

£. s. d.

£. 8. d.

43 r» O 4

114 4 4i

1 9 t i

£. s. d.

158 1 (» ui

1 14 2

24 ——

27 16 — *

5 13 —

2.5 14 2 f

50 ——

24 ——

13 13 10 1238

The whole Discharge in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks

59 ' 0

- V

25 17 6

317 17 61

Suffolk: Perpetual Pensions

Rents granted away, Parcel of Queen Dowager’s Jointure, as per Contra; (viz.)

Shimpling Park, Leasehold, under a Rent of 61. 13 -

Stradbrooke Manor, &c. Fee Farm, under a Rent of io$. - -

Auditor's Scry. Money ——

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra; (viz.)

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager's Jointure

f. l

80 ——

140 13 5

2 5

117 16 1

£. s. d.

33 10 1

220 13 5

1 10 —

117 18 G

.) / 1

Cambridge:

Perpetual Pensions, 13/. Os. Trinity College, 20/. -Auditor's Scry. Money

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra; (viz.) Yearly Revenue ——

Queen Dowager’s Jointure....

11 14 —

75 *8 7 1

Fees and Wages in the Division of Suffolk and Cambridge; (viz.) Receiver’s Fee, 53/. 6s. 8 d.his Audit Expences, 20/.

Messenger’s Fee ——

Land Tax, at 4$. per Lib. allowed on the Rents of this Division; (viz.) Suffolk ——

Cambridge -

33 (i s 1

1 10 - I

CO 1 1 2 7 i

73 6 8

2 10 —

22 iG 8

25 11 S

The whole Discharge in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge

122 i) 3 1 75 iG S 48 8 4

620 6 3 i

J,v //JierJ'ifcp. And.

on the hami

Hevenus.

CHARGE! ,

Oxford:

Yearly ffee Farm and other unimproveable ftentsfOld Supers Revenue. \ as per Rental delivered herewith - \Good Rents

Queen Dowager’s \ Jointure.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,/Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - - LG

Leaseholds

v .> ffee Farm Rent, Cornbury Park (besides 2$. Scry.) -

i ew ten s Leasehold (besides 4$. Scry.) -

Berks:

Yearly

Revenue.

Queen )ov Jointure.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, f Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - (Good Rents -

Leasehold.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, fOld Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - - (Good Rents -

1 Jowager’s \ Leasehold

Increased Rents on Leases after the Demise"! of Queen Dowager (besides 2 Secry.) /

New Rents — Reserved on Leases (besides 4s. Scry.)

Profits of Courts — Of the Manor of East Hendred, coibz Annie

£. s. d.

35 13 64

27 16 »4

152 IS 3

1 9 6

154 7 9

50 9 —

19 18 —

99 16 —

17 10 9-1

91 16 64

109 1 7 44

62 — ,

77 6 94

>39 6 94

26 7

163 13 94

30 7 24

£. e. d.

63 10 24

204 16 9 119 14 —

110 7 4 4

196 l — 1462 2----

'Fhe whole Nett Charge in the Counties of Oxon and Berks

£. s. i

338 - "I

323 4

711 5 6

Berks:

Yearly

Revenue.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents fOld Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - (Good Rents

Leaseholds

(Good Rents

New Rents - Reserved on Leases -

Manor of fllleviahk* Rents....

Cooklmm. \G00d Rents ——

M"» of Bray{",ru: :: :: ::

Becks:

Yearly ffee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,(Old Supers Revenue. ( as per Rental delivered herewith - (Good Rents

Leasehold ——

New Rents - Reserved on Leases (besides 2 Scry )

£. s. d.

- 37 — 44

i 2 — 64

6 39 — 104

416

4 9 44

63 15 2*

- 1 12 9*

65 2 91

10 — 3 4

10 3 4

- 33 8 9

_ _ —

Honor and Castle

£. s.

43 2 44

5 7 8

68 4 74

66 15 74

43 12 1

12 2 6

1 l)e whole Nett Charge in the Honor and Castle of Windsor

£. #. d.

183 10 3i

55 14 /

239 4 10;

A

N

L

:n:

ior tii'.

iSjc

DISCHARGE:

Oxford:

Perpetual Pensions ——

D. of Marlborough, Ranger of Whichwood Forest Auditor’s Scry, Money -

Arrears, being the Amount of the supered Rents, as per Contra; (viz.)

Yearly Revenue ——

Queen Dowager’s Jointure ——

Berks:

Perpetual Pensions Keeper of Cranbourn Chase

£. s. d.

35 *3 6*|

152 18 3

Steward and Bailiff of the Honor of Ewelme, 221. 6s. 8 Auditor’s Scry ."I

Money, 1/. 2s. 6|d. ----- ---- J

Steward and Bailiff of East Hendred, 2/.; Expences of Courts, 1/. is. 6d. \ Repairing the Pound (uncertain)

Auditor’s Scry. Money -

Arrears, being the Amount of supered Rents, as per Contra; viz.

Yearly Revenue ——

Queen Dowager’s Jointure ——

52 6 8 12 3 4

£. s. d.

49 16 4*| 21 5 10

1 8 —

188 11 9*

64 10 -

23 9 2\

3l6 — 10 —

17 10 9i

62 — -

Fees and Wages in the Counties of Oxon and Berks; (viz.)

Receiver’s Fee ——

Auditor’s Precepts and Proclamations -

Land Tax allowed on the Rents of this Division at 45. per Lib. (viz.)

Oxon

Berks

£. S.

261 2 —

79 i° 9l

30 ——

38 7 10 38 18 10

The w'hole Discharge in the Counties of Oxon and Berks

171 1

34 ~

77 6 8

543 i° 2*

Windsor, in Berks and Bucks:

Perpetual Pensions, Vicar of Old and New Windsor -

Allowances from the Collections of Cookham and Bray; (viz.)

Collector’s Fees, 15/.; Bedell’s, 1/.; Jury’s Dinner, 5

Illeviable Rents, as per Contra, Cookham, 4/. 9$. 4 Bray 1/. 12s. 9

Land Tax, at 4s. per Lib. Cookham, 8/.; Bray, 7/. iS-s.

Auditor's Scry. Money and Quietus ——

Steward’s Fee, 4/.; Bailiff’s Fee, 2/. io«. -Repairing Bridges and Pound, 25/.; and Fees, 2.1. 2s.

Allowance to the Lessee for a Woodward ——

Bailiff and Collector of Cookham and Bray

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra; (viz.)

s. d.

Berks

Bucks

~ 4i

2 6

Fees and Wages, (viz.)

Receiver’s Fee Audit Expences Auditor’s Fee -

£. s. d.

21---

6 2 2*

15 18 —

368 6 10 — 27 2 —

31----

37 2 10J

10 — —

18 7 7 14 16 10 768

£. s. d.

110 18 lof

50 ——

47 2 ioi

Land Tax, at 4s. per Lib. (exclusive of Cookham and Bray as above allowed) -

The whole Discharge in the Honor and Castle of Windsor Jn° Hosier, Dep. Audr.

40 11 1

1016 2

(I.

163 18 lof

98 10 ii

262 8 ni

Vol. 47.

u E

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

CHARGE:

Southton:

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, fOld Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -/Good Rents -

Yearly,) Forest, 5/. 3 s. 4 Revenue. ] Leasehold Rents

allowed by ancient Usage,

Collector’s Fees Auditor’s Scrys

New Rents - Reserved on Leases and Grants by Sign.

Manual and Treasury Warrant -

[ult. 8 s. Scry.

Wilts:

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,/Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - -/Good Rents -

Yearly J Leasehold (expired) Revenue. '

Queen

Dowager’s

Jointure.

allowed by ancient Usage,

Collector’s Fees -_ Auditor’s Scrys.

as per Rental delivered herewith -.Leasehold Rents (besides 6 s. Scry.)

Gloucester

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, fOld Supers at per Rental delivered herewith - -/Good Rents

Y early /

Revenue. '

allowed by ancient Usage,

Collector’s Fees . Auditor’s Scrys

£. s. d.

63 14 7

9 17 4

73 11 11

- 3 4

46 16 8

3 4

— 12 8

41

} 135 l6 5*

18 3

486 14 9 *

504 2 17 9*

«4 5 4

3 10 —

40 _ _

) 118 7 3 1

158 7 3 i

106 13 4

32 19 7 k

8 2 1 i

10

— 14 —

£. s. d.

131 11 11 Whereout

16

130 15 11

176 16

506 17 9f Whereout

17 »5 4

489 2 5 £

£. s. d.

307 12 4f

265

Ik

41 1 9

Whereout

1 4 —

Q Jointure!'8 } 01d SuPers’ as Per Rental

39 17 9 171 8 1

The whole Nett Charge in the Counties of Southton, Wilts, and Glocester

754 3 1

211 5 to

L273 1 3*

Isle of Wight, in the County of Southamptm.-A STATE of the Amount of tL

CHARGE:

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, as per Rental delivered herewith

N.B. The Amount of these Rents agrees with the oldest Rental in the Auditor’s Office,'! but the Governor of the Isle of Wight has always been charged in his Accounts more than > the above Sum - - - - -J

£. d.

472 17 8

13 15 Cf

£. s. d.

486 13 2\

Exclusive of the

Park Farm, let at a Rack Rent of 2001. for which the Govr renders no Account, because the Land belongs to him in virtue of his Office, having formerly been occupied with the Castle; but near 100 Years since converted into a Farm.

Annual Charges thereon: A particular Account of the Fees and Wages paid thereout; and of the Sums of Money deducted Twelfth Report

; oil the Land

with the Amount of the said Rents. Revenue.

SOUTHTON:

DISCHARGE:

£. s.

£. s.

d.

s. d.

Perpetual Pensions ——

Bailiff of Burleigh Walk in New Forest -

Thomas Dacres, for a Fee Farm Rent out of Winton College -

29 10 4

926

3 5 2

41 18 —

Arrears, being the Amount of the supered Rents, as per Contra; (viz.)

Yearly Revenue ——

New Kents ——

63 14 7

41 ——

104 14 7

146 12 7

Wilts: Perpetual Pensions

Arrears, as per Contra; (viz.)

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager’s Jointure

183 — 40---

Gloucester: Perpetual Pensions

Arrears, as per Contra; (viz.) Yearly Revenue ——

Queen Dowagers Jointure -

31 '4 7

58 3

89 17 7

32 19 7 i 171 8 1

Fees and Wages in the Division of Southton, Wilts and Gloucester; (viz.)

Receiver’s Fee, 201.; Audit Expences, 40 /. - -

Precepts and Proclamations (Auditor) ——

Messenger’s Fed ——

Land Tax allowed on the Rents in this Division, at per Lib.

Southton Wilts -Gloucester

102 13 7

204 7 84-

60 ——

8 ——

23 13 10 137 n 3 — 17 —

The whole Discharge in the Counties of Southton, Wilts, and Gloucester - £.

307 1 3 T

70 ——

162 2 1

775 13 6

Jno Hosier, Dep. Audr.

Rents of the Land Revenue in the said Island, and of the Aqnual Charges thereon.

DISCHARGE:

Allowed the Governor in Part of the Fees and Wages due to him

Repairs at Carisbrook Castle, on an Average -

Land Tax upon the Rents, at 4 s. per Lib. ——

y A7 Jn° , Dep. Audr.

£. s. d.

339 7 2

£. s.

50 ——

97 6 —

486 13 2 '

25° Maii.

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in the several Counties of Somerset and Dorset, Deem n the Land Money deducted therefrom, before the Receiver;

Revenue. 11

Somerset:

Y early Revenue.

CHARGE:

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,/Old Supers -as per Rental delivered herewith - - /Good Rents -

Exmore Forest, Leasehold ——

' Chauntry Rents,/Old Supers £. l 4 8 i

as per Rental/Good Rents 14 (in

Taunton

Collection.

Leasehold

15 11 7 1

14 2 —

allowed by ancient Usage, Receiver’s Collection Fees -Auditor’s Scry’s.

Q. Dowager’s / Fee Farm and other Rents, as per Rental delivered herewith Jointure. / (the whole supered) - - - .

Dorset:

Y early Revenue.

"Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents,fOld Supers -as per Rental deliv ered herewith - - /Good Rents -

Leasehold

allowed by ancient Usage,

Receiver’s Collection Fees -Auditor’s Scrys.

New Rents

£. s.

1 12 8

2 2 —

£. s.

71 15 4 170 15 10

242 11 2

46 13 4

29 13 7 1

9 3 — 488

59 9 10 98 18 lOf

158 8 8i 10 ——

168 8 8 f Whereout

3 14 8

Reserved on Leases, besides 4$. Scry.

nd c

supered)

Profits of Courts of the Manor of Portland, coibz Annis

Q. Dowager’s / Fee Farm and other Rents, as per Rental delivered herewith, (the whole Jointure. /

£. s. d.

318 18 25 Whereout

13 11 8

305 6 6 1 45 9 —

164 14 — 1

43 6 —

29 8 4 65 12 io{

The whole Nett Charge in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset

- £.

£. s. d.

350 15 6}

303 3

653 16 9i

Devon:

Fee Farm, Chauntry and Bailiwick Rents,/ , p as per Rental delivered herewith - - J 100 en s

Leasehold ——

Y early Revenue. \

allowed by ancient Usage,

Auditor’s Scrys. -Bailiff’s Fee

Honors of Oakhampton and Plympton,/01d Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - /Good Rents

J^ntm^1 S / Rectory Sadmouth -

New Rents - Leasehold (besides 2$. Scry.) -

Cornwall:

Y early Revenue.

Fee Farm, Chauntry and Bailiwick Rents,/Old Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - - j Good Rents

allowed by ancient Usage,

Auditor's Scrys. Collector’s Fees

Bridge Wardens in Exon

Jointure61 8 } Rease^10^ Rents (besides 45. Scry.) New Rents - Leasehold -

£. d. 42 5 10 1 12 18 3

1 14 11

6168

£. s.d.

55 4 1 f

Whereout

811 7

28 — 5 30 7

Old Super

2 7 3

39 16 7

1 — 8

8 ——

- 9 —

46 12 65

1

58 7 51 13 10 —

2 8 —

42 3 10

Whereout

9 9

32 14 2 120 9 4

6 15 3

The whole Nett Charge in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall

- £.

£. s. d.

120 18 —

159

280 16 9

'!4 Cornwall, and of the Annual Charges thereon: A particular Account of the Fees and Wages paid thereout, and of the Sums of Twelfth R«port charged with the Amount of the said Rents. ®? the LanJ

a Revenue.

L

DISCHARGE:

Somerset: Perpetual Pensions

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra J (viz.)

£. s.

.....| 7i 15 4

Yearly Revenue Queen Dow ager’s Jointure

4 81

£. s. d.

Dorset:

Perpetual Pensions -

Steward and Bailiff of Portland Manor -

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra.

Yearly Revenue ——

Queen Dow-ager’s Jointure ——

Fees and Wages in the Division of Somerset and Dorset; (viz.)

Receiver’s Fee, and Audit Expences ——

Auditor’s Precepts and Proclamations ——

Messenger’s Fee ——

73 — 45 9

59 9 i° 29 8 4

Land Tax, at 45. per Lib. in this Division; (viz.)

Somerset -Dorset

f. 3. d»

171 19 5

118 9 — i

34 11 8

568

88 18 2

t.:

40 ——

4 ——

40 2 10 25 14 4

£. s. d.

290 8 5 i

The whole Discharge in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset - £.

128 16 6

48

65 17 2

533 2 1 1

Devon: Perpetual Pensions

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra; (viz.) Honors of Oakhampton and Plympton -

Queen Dowager’s Jointure ——

Corn w all:

Perpetual Pensions -

Arrears, being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra; (viz.)

Yearly Revenue Queen Dowager's Jointure

Fees and Wages in the Division of Devon and Cornw'all; (viz.) Receiver’s Fee -

Auditor’s Precepts and Proclamations ——

Djvoil

Cornwall

Land Tax, at 45. per Lib. in this Division; (viz.)

£. s. d.

28 — 5 13 i° —

2 7 3 Nil.

£. s. d'

27 8 —

41 10 5

38 19 111

2 7 3

16

4

n 4 2|

31 17 —

£. 3. d.

68 18 5

4i 7 21

20 — —

43 1 21

173 610

S Vol. 47.

The whole Discharge in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall

Jri Hosier, Dep. And'. 11 F

Twelfth Report a STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in the Counties of tVai'icick and , and of the

Revenue.*0'* therefrom before the Receiver is

Warwick

CHARGE.

rFee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, fOld Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - - ^Gocd Rents

Yearly

Revenue.

Rents granted by Letters Patent to Trustees for the Pendrells, and the Heirs of their Bodies -Rents sold by Act of Parliament -

Queen

Dowager’s

Jointure.

New Rent, after the Demise of Q. Dowager.

Leicester:

allowed by ancient Usage, Receiver’s Collection Fees Auditor’s Scrys.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, as per Rental delivered herewith

£. s.

14 io — 6 16 —

Old Supers Rents sold

Good Rentst

besides a/. Scry.J

Leasehold

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rent3, JOld Supers as per Rental delivered herewith - - (^Good Rents

Yearly

Revenue.

Rents granted by Letters Patent to Trustees, as above Rents sold by Act of Parliament -

allowed by ancient Usage, Receiver’s Collection Fees Auditor’s Scrys.

£. s. d 13 10 — 5 13 4

£. s. d.

1S4 2 3 9 5 i

230 11 8

3168

3.53 2 —

61.5 — 4 i Whereout

21 6 —

9.5 13 — 135 9

4 18 —

122 6 5 33 it u

155 18 4 J

19 6 8 278 2 1 f

453 7 2 Whereout

*9 3 4

Queen

Dowager’s

Jointure.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, , c as per Rental delivered herewith - - jd Supers

£. s.

593 14 4

236

156

— 3

3 1

434 3 10 140 18 11x

The whole Nett Charge in the Counties of Warwick and Leicester

£. s. d.

9-5H 11 i

574 t2 9i

1,560 7 8J

Savoy Hospital Revenue in divers Counties.

CHARGE:

The whole Charge, as per Rental delivered

X305 12 1

32 Gfio. III.

25° J/<w7.

937

Annual Charges thereon: A particular Account of the fees and Wages paid thereout, and of the Sums ot Money deducted Twelfth Report; charged with the Amount of the said Rents. on th*

on the Land Revenue.

DISCHARGE:

Receiver’s Salary 30/., and allowed for Expences 2 5/.

Auditor’s Fee -

Minister of the Lutheran Congregation -

O C*

Land Tax allowed on the Rents, at 4s. per Lib.

, f Land at Poulton and Carlton -rtears. j^janor of Ramworth -

£. s. d. I £‘ s‘ d.

55 ——

5 ——

40 ——

53 ——

£. s. d.

6 13 4

8 13 4

161 13 4

Vol. 47.

Jrf Hosier, Dep. Audr.

938

25° Mail.

A . 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

THE TOTALS COLLECTED.

H A

Essex, Hertford, Middlesex, and London £. 3,098

Norfolk and Huntingdon - 492

St. James’s Bailiwick - ® 3,577

Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland L570

York - - - 2,120

Richmond, Durham, and Northumberland 2,409

Kent, Surrey, and Sussex 2,544

Northampton and Rutland 1,401

Stafford, Hereford, Salop, and Worcester L793

Bedford and Bucks - 318

Suffolk and Cambridge - 764

Oxford and Berks - - 711

Honor and Castle of Windsor, in Berks and Bucks ----- - 239

Southampton, Wilts, and Gloucester - m 1,273

Isle of Wight - 486

Somerset and Dorset - 653

Devon and Cornwall - 280

Warwick and Leicester - . 1,560

Savoy Hospital Revenue - 305

DISCHARGE:

s. d. £. s. d.

1 6 -f - - - 1,669 3 i« 4

10 if - - - - 455 19 -i

18 — - - - 754 — —

11 2 - - - 1,213 9 64

11 24 - - - O OO 13 i T

3 9 T - - - 2,437 7 10 $

1 i| - - - 1,748 *2 1 1 T

19 3 i - - - 1,475 12 91

17 51 - m - - 1,813 14 11 %

12 5 - - - 317 17 64

2 31 - - - 620 6 34

5 6 - - - 543 10 24

4 10 i m - - - - 262 8 i*4

1 3* m - - - - 775 13 64

13 0 L " 1 - - - - 486 13 24

16 9 T - a - - - 533 1 I

16 9 m - m - m 173 6 10

7 8 -f - m - m - 1,544 5 11 *

12 1 - - - 161 13 4

Charge - - - 25,595 6 71-Discharge - - 18,857 12 7-r

£. 18,857 12 74

£ 6,737 13 n

Vox.. 47-

11 G

Twelfth Import on tho Laud Revenue.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

A. 1792.

25° Man.

K° 13. B. ....

A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue within the Division of Henry Shelley, Esquire, One

CHARGE: £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Chester: Yearly Revenue. Fee Farm and other unimprove&ble Rents, fOld Supers - £.95 16 7 as per Rental delivered herewith; viz. (Good Rents - 149 1 6 244 18 1 135 9 H 135 7 8 \

Granted away - - 1

Leaseholds, exclusive of the new Rents ----- -- Gross Charge of the Yearly Revenue, exclusive of New Rents, and the Pre 515 15 51 Whereout 85 2 5

aim rusi rules allowed by ancient Usage, Receivers Collection Fees - -- -- --Auditor's Scrys. ----- ----- - Precepts and Proclamations - - - — Stating and examining Receiver’s Accounts and Vouchers - Ingrossing Account, and attending Declaration ----- Chancellor’s Declaration Fee ----- -- 42 13 7 18 13 4 6 10 5 2 15 6

There remains, Nett Charge on Receiver General, in his Account with the Crown

- 430 13 — 1

To which must be added, New Rents reserved on Leases, (besides 2 s. Scry.) ----- Pre and Post Fines, coibz Annis ----- --- 11 7 11 18 29 7 11

460 — ill

Derby:

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, fOld Supers - £.25 18 2 as per Rental delivered herewith ;viz. (New Rents - 46 13 2| 72 11 41 147 7 6

Leasehold Coal Mine in Alfreton - -- -- -Rents sold but still continued in Charge

Gross Charge of the Yearly Revenue, exclusive of Queen Dowager’s Jointure, and New Rents ----- ----- 223 18 10 £

Queen Dowager’s Jointure. Rectory of Lullington (an Old Super) - Manor of Eckington (granted under a New Rent of 46/. 6d.) 8 16 8 152 17 2 161 13 10 46 19 6

New Rents reserved on Leases (besides 2 Scry.} \ 432 12 2\

_ Carried over - - - £. 892 13 2|

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

DISCHARGE:

Chester;

Arrears — being the Amount of the Old Supers, as per Contra -

Rents granted away for ever, as per Contra ——

Taxes, at 4$. per Lib. coibz Annis, about ——

Perpetual Pensions ——

Auditor’s travelling Charges and Expences ——

Receiver General — Glynn Wynne, Esq. -D* for Audit Expences — Idem -

Surveyor of the County — William Durham -Messenger to the Auditor — Robert Abbott, Gent -

Baron of the Exchequer — Owen Salusbury Brereton, Esq. Attorney General — Hugh Leicester, Esq. -Bailiff, Itinerant — John Stevens, Gentleman -

Messenger of the Court of Exchequer — William Durham Cryer of the Court of Exchequer — William Durham -

Constable of Chester Castle — Joseph Ferdinand Gillis Prothonotary there — Baget Read, Jun'. Esq. -

Comptroller of the Fines — O. S. Brereton, Esq.

Surveyor of the Works of the Castle — Idem -

Master Mason there — Idem ——

Master Carpenter there — Idem -

Fees and Wages.

10 — —

10 — —

13 6 8

D 9 2 6

3 6 8

4 A 11 3

*r 3 15 —

18 5 —

3 6 8

12 3 4

6 1 8

8 12 1

9 2 6

Derby:

Arrears /Old Supers — Yearly Revenue, as per Contra - - - £.25 18 2

r rs. /Old Super — Lullington Rectory, Queen Dowager’s Jointure 8 1C 8

Rents sold, though still continued in Charge, as per Contra -

Exonerated the Manor of Eckington, being granted under a new Rent, as per Contra -Taxes, at 43, per Lib. coibz Annis, about ——

Perpetual Pensions ——

Scry. Money ——

Fees and fReceiver’s Salary.....15134

w >, < To the Auditor, for Precepts and Proclamations - - 3 14 8

V>a«es- [Messenger’s Fee..... 210 —

£. 3. d. £. d.

95 16 7 135 9 81 32 2 —

92 4 10

so ——

120 13 4

34 14 10

147 7

152 17

1.5 16 26 15 1 8

6

2

2

21 18 —

503 6 5 i

400 16 6

Carried over

£ 904 2 ill

Vol 4?'

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

Lincoln:

25° Mali.

CHARGE:

Brought over

Yearly Revenue.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, as per Rental f Old Super -delivered herewith - \Good Rents

Rents sold, though still continued in Charge ——

Leaseholds ——

Gross Charge of Yearly Revenue, exclusive of Queen Dowager’s Jointure, and new Rents ——

allowed by ancient Usage,

Receiver’s Collection Fees ——

Auditor’s Scrys. ——

Stating and examining Receiver’s Accounts and Vouchers Ingrossing Account, and attending Declaration - -

And then remains Nett Charge on the Receiver General -

Queen Dowager's Jointure,

Fee Farm and unimproveable Rents, as perfOld Supers - £. 425 10 11

Rental - [Good Kents 329 1 7

Leaseholds

allowed by ancient Usage,

Auditor’s Scrys.

Steward of Barton Barrow and Gouxhill

Bailiff of 1)° -

Illeviable Rents in D° -

Stipend to Vicar of Barrow -

Bailiff of Hoggesthorpe - -

And then remains Nett Charge of Receivers General v t> ffee Farm and other unimproveable Rents

r'ew Re"15 - (uoseholJ, besides ]/.Scry. - -

Nottingham:

Yearly Revenue.

Fee Farm and unimproveable Rents, as per fOld Supers Rental.....- [Good Rents

Rents sold

Receiver’s Collection of Fees -Auditor’s Scrys.

Stating and examining Rec" Acc" and Vouchers Ingrossing and attending Declaration

Queen Dowager’s Jointure.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents {^Iwdllitents

j , /Expired and exonerated, as per Contra -.Leasehold - |Good Rent.....

754 12 6

253 19 10

5 2 — i

6 6 8

10 5 11

6 1 3

1 1 8

1 16 4

ides 4$. Scry.

100 inf

38 16 71

10

5 12 —

10 5 —

153 3 8

95 12 6

1°3 3 1

0 10 —

£. s. d.

346 19 7 140 19 3 T

487 18 10^ 1,108 5 8

6 ——

A. 1792.

i. 3. i.

£. t. d.

892 13 2>

1,602 4 6 Whereout

16 13 2

9 19 1(>F 10 ——

5 ——

1,008 12 4f Whereout

30 13 10 |

2>5 6 3

290 11 1

Auditor’s Scrys. -

New Rents, Leasehold, besides 4$.Scry. -

The Sum of 103/. 3 s. 1 d. which stands exonerated as above, for the Manor and Demesnes of Newark, is proper to be kept in Charge, by Reason that the Rents due on the former Lease have never been paid, and might otherwise be overlooked.

138 18 7

296 16 4

435 i4ii|

30 1:

248 16 105 13

354 9 3 Whereout 2142

41 13

1,506 11 6

405 211

35i 15 1

102 12 9

977 18 6

505 17 4

3,044 7 4

919 10 io|

4,856 11 4

32 Geo. Ill

25? Mali.

943

DISCHARGE:

Lincoln:

Arrears /^Mcl Supers, Yearly Revenue, as per Contra (Old Supers, Queen Dowager’s Jointure

£. s.

Brought over £. d. 346 19 7 425 10 11

772 10 6

Twelfth Report . on the Land

£. S. d. Revenue.

904 2 Hi

Rents sold, though still continued in Charge....

Exonerated the Rents of 4/. gs. and 1 /. 8 s.for Lands in Barrmc and Barton, in Lease to John Uppleby, Esq. (amongst other Things) the same being received and accounted for in the Collections of Barrmv and Barton, though in Charge separate therefrom on the Rental - -....

Taxes, at 4 s. per Lib. coibz Annis, about ——

1,108 5 8

5 17 — 101 ——

Perpetual Pensions ——

Duke of Ancaslers Creation Fee, made payable by Pencon Deed

Receiver’s Salary ——

Fees and I To him for Audit Expences -Wages. I Precepts and Proclamations -

.Messenger’s Fee....

Nottingham:

Old Supers, Yearly Revenue, as per Contra -

Old Supers, Queen Dowager’s Jointure, as per Contra

£.76 16 1$

20 ——

30 ——

20 ——

2 10 —

£. s. d.

100 1 Hf

153 3 8

96 16 H

54 io —

2,138

19

253 5

3t

Rent sold, as per Contra ——

Exonerated the Rents of 33/. 135. gd. and 69/. 95. 4 for the Manor and Demesnes of Newark, Parcel of the Queen Dowager's Jointure, the same being now in Grant to the Duke of Neiccaslle, and Thomas Heron, Esq. under the several Rents of 38/. 1 s.

661. 4 s.4 d.;40 /. and 3/. 5 s. charged amongst the new Rents - -

Allowances to be deducted from the new Rent of 38/. 1 s. 4 for the Manor of Newark, by special Covenant in the Lease ——

Taxes, at 45. per Lib. coibz Annis, about ——

Perpetual Pensions ——

Fpm and fReceiver's Salary - - -.....£- 10-

I, < Precepts and Proclamations - 2-

" a«M- ^Messenger's Fee.....' - 210-

296 16 4$

103 3 1

i7 5~ 24 18 — 27 17 5

14 10 —

737 15

Richard Gray,

D. Audr.

3,780 17 Ml

VOL. 47.

11 II

25° Ma il

A. 1792.

N-i3.C.

An ABSTRACT of the foregoing Account of the Rents of the Land Revenue in the several Counties in as given

or granted away, and all other Charges

Amount of the Revenue in Charge; viz.

DIVISIONS.

Auditors. Receivers. Counties.

rEsscx Hertford -

Middlesex - _

1. fD»e Rev* Walter King, D. D. and^ Richd Burke, Esqr - - -j

London -

Bailiwick of St. Jas. Josh. Hickey, Esqr, v and Collector Bailiff

j'Norfolk -

2. D° ^Huntingdon -

3. Jcreh. Robinson, Esqr. - - TLnnrr.Mter < Westmorland (^Cumberland

4. D° - York - ’ - -

("Richmond - J -

5. D° - ~,) Durham ^Northumberland -

''Kent - -

6. George Hubbard, Esqr. - - 1 ! Surrey -

V Sussex -

'Northampton -

7. D° - - <

cr a Rutland

H w j s< tn Ul a 8. Nath. Barrett, Esqr. - rStafford Hereford < Salop I.Worcester - -

9- Geo. Pretyman, E$q\ - - ^Suffolk \carabridge -;

10. D° ..... - J'Bedford I^Bucks m

11. Josh. Farrington, Esqr. - ? - J’Oxford l^Berks ::

12. D° - I Honor and Castle of x Windsor, in C Perks

I I^Bucks

Southampton -

13. The Revd Edw. Emily, Clk. - 1 ] Will* -(Gloucester - -

14. The Steward of the Governor - Isle of Wight -

15. Beavis Wood, Esqr. - /"Somerset \Dorset - -

16. D° ..... - pDevon ^Cornwall -

17. Christr. Aplin, EsqT. - f Warwick ^Leicester -

,18. John Sainsbury, Esqr. - - Savoy Hospital in diversCoun-l ties J

t2 N 19. John Griffith, EsqT. _ Chester

t-t tJ s < 20. George Hubbard, Esqr. - - Derby -

b tt z w X 21. Jno. Green Baseley, Esqr. - J"Lincoln {^Nottingham -

V - £.

General Total - -

Queen Profits of Manors, Total

Yearly Revenue. Dowager’s Jointure. New Rents. and other casual Revenue. Total in each County. of t he Charge in each Division.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s., d. £. ». d. £. s. d. £. i. d 1

156 2 11 t 459 19 9 } 202 17 6 } 819 — 3} " «. a.

92 6 3$ 290 16 101 6 11 4 - 389 14 6}

141 4 7 J 81 12 3 1,431 5 6} - 1,674 2 5},) 3,237 3 6j

223 4 9 } 73 7 4 57 14 2 - S54 6 3}

3/241 6 2 - 336 11 10 - 3,577 18 — 3,577 18 -

68 19 6} 286 7 61 27 17 9 12 395 4 9} I I

Manors of West Walton, &c. I > 492 10 ll

15 8 It 1 - 81 16 4 - 97 5 3} J 1

237 4 8 i 220 3 8 I 68 8 4 . 525 16 9 } 1

47 9 3 370 7 6 i 1 . 418 16 9 } > 1,570 19 2

70 10 2 461 8 9 91 6 8 - 626 5 7

580 10 4J 1,184 10 1 356 6 9 - 2,121 7 2} 2,121 7 21

36 — 8 i 415 17 4 10} Grinton Lead Mines 451 18 10} ' )

288 10 1 967 19 8 } 39 11 10 uncertain. 1,096 1 7 } I 2,409 9 Qi

148 15 8 } 492 14 4} 19 19 2 - 661 9 3 J

108 6 — } 779 18 — } 119 9 4 - 1,007 13 5 } >

65 9 9} 399 11 4 518 18 11 250 1,034 },) 2,545 13 lj

Profits of Mooring

Chains.

29 8 2} 150 8 1 124 3 4 - 303 19 7}

108 18 3 1,191 12 6 7 7 5 1,307 18 2 ► 1,401 19 3|

94 1 1 } - - 94 1 1}

581 15 2 _ 1 . 582 15 2

447 3 5 447 3 5

281 3 1 - 29 2 — - 310 5 1 S 1,834 17 5!

493 13 9| - 1 - 494 13 9} J

49 2 9| 15 Feodr Rents. 452 7 5} 7 13 4 - 524 3 7 I 764 6 J;

35 14 1 £ 193 18 7 10 10 — - 240 2 8} J

58 — 7 1 141 3 11 i 10 13 4 - v . 209 17 11 1

f72 19 sn \l5 7 5 7 21 - - 112 6 8} J> 322 4 J

63 10 2} 204 16 9 120 - 388 6 11 } I 711 17 t

110 7 4} 196 3 — 15 — 2 2 323 10 6} J

Manor of East

f 5 7 8\ \.135 — 3/ Hendred.

43 2 4} - - - . - 183 10 3} I 239 610;

43 12 1 - 12 4 6 - 55 16 7 J

131 11 11 - 177 4 5 } - 308 16 4} 1,293 10 '!

506 17 9 { 265 6 7h - - > 772 4 5

41 I 9 171 8 1 - - 212 9 10 J

486 13 2 I 486 13 2} 486 13 ij

318 18 2 J 45 9 — 364 7 2} \ 671 7 1

168 8 8 } 29 8 4 43 10 — 65 12 10} Manor of Portland. 306 19 11

p5 4 1}\ \j8 7 51J 13 10 — 2 10 — - 129 11 7 1 ?99 4 -

42 3 10 120 13 4 6 15 3 - 169 12 5 J

615 — 4J 236 2 3; 156 — 3 } 1,007 2 11} 1,600 19 c

453 7 2 140 811 593 16 11

305 12 1 - - - 305 12 1 305 H 1

— 1

11,153 15 — i 10,158 12 9 J 4,244 18 4} 329 12 10 } - 25,886 19 — I;

515 15 5 } 11 9 11 18 545 5 4}. 5-15 J «i

Pre and Post Fines 432 1* -

223 18 10 } 161 13 10 47 1 6 - 432 14 2}

1,602 4 6\ 1,008 12 4 j 507 1 4 3,117 14 2}

I 4,070 13 5

435 14 11J 354 9 3 162 16 9} 953 1 — } /

2,777 13 10 t 1,524 15 5| 728 9 6} 18 - 5,048 14 1°(

13,931 B 10 } 11,683 8 2 i 4,973 7 11J 347 12 10} - 30,935 15 11 i

25° Mail

945

32 Geo. III.

-.....N° 13. C.

in Charge by the Auditors to the Receivers General; and of the Fees and Wages, Perpetual Pensions, Rents sold thereon, at Michaelmas 1786.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

Particulars of the Discharge; viz.

Rents not received. Land Tax, at Constant Annual Payments. Fees and Wages of Auditors, Collectors, Ac. Recri, Total of the Discharge

Reals Rents 1] desperate and 4*. per £. Perpetual Collectors Stewards Fees and granted away lor ever. granted, not in Fee l illeviable Arrears, called on the Rents received. Pensions, Stipends, Other Yearly Payments. Fees, and Auditors nd ] Vages to the iud^, Recr', in each

'N i Simple. Supers. Alms, Ac. 9crys, &c. Bailiffs. ai idMessengr\ Division.

5} ! £. s. d. £. *. d. £. t. d. £. s. d. £. «. d. £. $. d. £. i d. £. s. d. I £. 1. 4. £. 3. d.

329 13 6$ 139 19 11$ 60 ' 6 10 45 17 11 30 14 8

37 4 60 17 4 63 6 8 11 1 4 Gaol Keeper St. Alb8 20 Serjeant Porter 'j 9 4 — 15 8 8

17 Gate Keeper Hyde [ > 28 4 — >95--

135 14 5} 281 19 — 63 16 8 Park i 10 — — Lamp Lighter J 20 6 8 Under House Keeper,) 1,815 5 11|

' J 183 10 5 t at Hampton Court. J ►

vT - 21 14 10 56 1 3| 78 3 4 -

- 660 94 754

| f 1 207 15 8* 75 4 2} 16 13 — 29 15 6 - 1 8 — -i > 79 3 4 455 19 — i

— I- - - j - S3 12 Si 12 7 — - - - j

f- - -; 170 — 2 8 3 1 14 4 10 16 13 4 _______ — 2 — 1 1

370 7 6J 10 4 7 6 19 4 39 7 4 1 >52 1,213 17 6 |

L 443 u — j j - 25 — 6 12 18 7 42 19 f — 6 — - - - J

— " 307 9 10 J l - 760 — 64 181 14 8 469 7 Hi 30 — — Governor of Hull — 16 — 3 6 8 118 13 4 1,871 9 — 1

f- . 435 17 4 3 2 — 31 9 10 50 6 4 1 I

J 1- - - 1 _ 977 ? if 67 4 11 88 6 8 _______ — 4 __ 1 >52 2,437 13 10 \

— I- - " - 620 5 11 6 10 2 104 17 7 — 2 — - „

r 17 9 6 71 14 111 583 14 9f 62 12 10 60 12 8J 3 16 — } Gaol Keeper of 2 14 — 18 15 — )

Maidstone.

-j 4 / 64 5 81 1248 8 4 259 13 S 79 8 4 31 11 2 2 8 — \ 71 6 8 1,750 4 11 |

2 I 55 5 - - 46 6 7 37 18 8 31 7 4 — 16 — 1

1 C 10 Woodwds, Whittle. '

1,061 15 7\ wood and Salcey j I.

r- - - 142 19 4i 14 19 — 96 4 4 < Forests 1

4 — — Auditor for Woodwd»,) . 51 13 4 1,475 12 9 i

1 I Acc1

lj I- - - - 94 1 1J

! r - 234 6 6J 217 14 8} 19 17 — 111 10 6 10 10 — - _ _ '

3 ... 13 4 2 362 13 ll£ 3 16 10 44 17 41 9 11 4 -

I !, 1 \ 97 — 2* 66 16 — 6 9 9 83 12 10 28 2 — Govr of Ludlow 10 16 8 ... >m is 4 1,854 14 111

Castle

cl j I- - - 47 — 6 256 12 6} 24 18 9 89 14 3 - 10 2 — 2 13 4

— 1

? 1 r 140 is s 80 117 18 6 22 16 8 33 10 1 - " - " 1 12- I 75 16 8 620 10 3i

i j i- - - - 87 12 7\ 25 11 8 33 6 8 1 12 — J

11 r - - 114 4 4\ 1 9 lj 13 13 10 43 3 4 1 1 9{,) 74 321 9 9

5 13 — - 25 14 2{ 12 3 8 27 16 — I 2 10 5 " J

11* ‘ f- _ 188 11 91 38 7 10 49 16 4| 21 5 10 Ranger Whichwood 1 14 — . 1

Forest 1 84 544 2 2 I

1 t; I- - - 79 10 9} 38 18 10 52 6 8 12 3 4 Keeper of Craubourn 1 18 6\ 25 8 2 J

' Chase

r- 37 2 101 Y m 3 — — 160 18 10* Cookham and Bray. - ... I

1 I 10 16 2 Allowances. Vide Accc 1 40 11 1 262 10 11 £

I- - - - 10 I- - - — 2 — - J

— f 3 5 2 Rent out of Winton

1; 1 r- _ 104 14 7 23 13 10 29 10 4 Coll. I 1 4 - - "I

J 9 2 6 Bailiff of Burley / I 70 796 2 101

’,) - - 58 3 — 137 11 3 31 14 7 ----- - 18 1 4 -

Vj I- - - - 204 7 8] — 17 - 102 13 7 ----- -- 14 — - J

— f 339 7 2{- the Govr, in Part of

97 6 -,) Fee® ami Wages I _ 486 13 21

. - 1 50 — — Reprt Curisbrook r

jl Castle J

f- - 118 9 — i \ 40 2 10 171 19 5 13 11 8 m } 48 — 550 12 51

I! 1- - - - 83 18 2 25 14 4 34 11 8 ----- - 3 18 8 5 6 8

f- - ' _ 41 10 5 114 2 I 27 8- ----- -- 8 13 7 - 20 191 14 1

1 I- - " _ 2 7 3 1 SI 17 — 38 19 11 \ — 9 — Bridgewardcns of 9 4 8 . J

J Exeter

f 488 11 31 6 8 279 15 3 39 6 8 47 2 4 - 51 8- 51 13 4 t 1,584 17 31

Hi. V 278 2 l\ 19 6 8 262 15 4 t 4.3 - 42 3 2 i 19 3 4

1: - - 8 13 4 53 — - 40 Lutheran Minister - - 60 — — 161 IS 4

1,736 15 3 3,160 10 8 { 7,190 11 2 i 2,283 18 5 J 2,370 13 — i 790 17 111 - 303 2 — 122 4 10 1,190 11 1 19,149 4 7|

135 9 8 j 95 16 7 39 2 — 92 4 10 95 13 4 Officers of the Counr 7 85 4 5 45 588 10 10 I

Palatine 400 18 8

147 7 6 152 17 2 34 14 10 15 16 2 26 15 — 1 10 — - 21 18 —

jI 3; j"1,108 5 8 5 17 — 772 10 6 101 76 16 1 i 20 — — Dnke of Ancaster, Creation Money 73 10 1C i - - - 54 10 — L 2,983 15 10 I

t 296 16 4J \ 103 3 1 253 5 7 { 24 18 — 27 17 5 17 5 — - Allowances for the 33 10 S j 14 10 - J

J Manor ot Newark

> 1,687 19 S\ [ 261 17 3 1,156 7 6 { 180 16 2 223 13 4 J 132 18 4 - 193 15 I >i - - 1*35 18 - 3,973 5 5

f; I i - —: 3,424 14 6 \ [ 3,429 7 11 8,346 18 9 ij 2,464 14 7 i 2,594 6 5 823 16 51 - 496 17 ' jj 122 4 10 > 1,326 9: 1 23,114 10 — i

VOL. 47.

946

25° Mail.

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

N* 14.

A STATE of the Amount of all Debentures paid by the Receivers General of His Majesty’s Land Revenue within the Divisions of James West, Esquire, and Henry Shelley, Esquire, by virtue of Warrants from the Treasury, out of Monies arising from the said Revenue, from the Time of His Majesty’s Accession, to the End of the Year 1786; sliewing to whom, and for what Purposes issued.

In the Division of James West, Esquire.

To the Surveyor General of the Woods, for divers Works and Repairs in His Majesty’s' Forests and Parks ——

To the Commissioners of Taxes, for their Salaries

To the Ranger of Windsor Great Park, to pay Salaries, &c. To D°, for Repairs at Windsor Great Great Lodge -

To Land Tax for Lands purchased by the Crown at Windsor To D° at Egliarn ——

To D® at Hampton Court ——

£ s. d. 12,815

456

4 61

7 9J

4,4H 15 5

435 12 6 1,257 10 7.

To the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, for the Salaries of his Clerks, and forj Disbursements in his Office - -- - -J

To Surplus on Portland Cranage Account

To Four Itinerant Preachers in Lancashire for Two Years, to 10th October 1782 (since paid"! out of the Exchequer) - -- -J

To Thomas Richardson, for Survey of the Manor of Richmond -

To Arthur Holdsworth and John Call, Esquires, for the Expences attending their Enquiries) relative to the Management of the Land Revenue - -- --j

To the Board of Works, for repairing Drains at Hampton Court House Park, and for to the House belonging to the Master of the Rolls -

To Richard Benyon, Esquire, et. al. for repairing the Gaol, Market House, and Court Houses"! of Romford, Essex ----- ----- -- -J

To the Dean and Canons of Windsor, for Expences attending the Renewal of the Lease of) Ground adjoining the Tennis Court at Windsor - -- -- -J

To the Minister of the Savoy - -

To the Dean and Canons of St. Paul's ——

To the Receiver of North Wales and Chester, Surplus on his Account

To the Princess Amelia, One Year's Allowance ‘

To the Bailiff of the Tower, for Half a Year’s Rent of the Prison House there -

To the Vicar of East Walton, in Norfolk, for five Years Pension - -

£ s. d. 97,739 12 8± 17,650 11 13,271 12 3

6,104 18 6

£578 17 9

804 — 1

400 — — 914 18 6 796 15 —

663 11 2

233 5 7

13 7 10

M75 ——

22 -

626 11 1

74 3 4

25 -

6 13 4

142,100 18

la

32 Geo. III.

25° Man.

947

"I

In the Division of Henry Shelley, Esquire.

To the Surveyor General of the Woods, for divers Works and Repairs in His Majesty’s Forests and Parks ——

To the Commissioners of Taxes, for Incidents.

To the Receiver General of Chester, for the Surplus of his Account -

£. s. (L

3.563 8 Cl

'5,373 S 2 I

500 — —

341 3 2

'9.777 '9 ioi

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

ACCOUNT of Balances remaining in the Hands of the respective Receivers General of the Land Revenue, at Michaelmas 1786. Extracted from their Returns to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

£. s.

Messrs. King and Burke -Jeremiah Robinson, Esquire George Hubbard, Esquire Nathaniel Barrett, Esquire '* George Pretyman, Esquire -Joseph Farrington, Esquire -Reverend Edward Emily * Beavis Wood, Esquire -Christopher Aplin, Esquire -John Sainsbury, Esquire John Green Baseley, Esquire

In Surplus, £.68. los. 10

2,173 17 10 5 5 11 i 148 16 5 J

139 '5 *1 95 18 3* 144 17 10

439 >4 1 I

201 15 1

200 4 4 366 12 31

3,916 18 1

Deduct Surplusage - -

68 10 10

Net Balance

3.848 7 J

Vol. 47.

g

cq‘

r+

n'

CD

Q_

CT

.n

o

0§

ft

sH

rt 3 C r-- £

n> r »-

/ i "2

|_ £ o-tc ©

AVnllia.

N* 15.

Indorsed " W’allia — A Certificat of the Mizes. 27 Sept. 1610." ( . , „

Recoguic’ Tallagij sive Custuin’ vocat’ le Mizes acciden’ Dno Regi nunc Jacobo ad introitu’ ss ad Coron’ Angt’ post Mortem Une Eh* nup tie Anno iiij'° R. Jacob’ ou'at’ viz' in

North watt, viz' in Comitat’.

Carman

Anglesey -

Flint

Denbigh

Merioneth -

Mountgom'y

*v ti s d

Mizes ibm solvend’ in vij Ansi’ quoit - CCCClxvj. xiij. iiij.

) t s d j, ti s <1 Inde sot’ CClxtj. xiij. iiij. ti.

Anno lxvj. xiij. iiij. inc’ Anno iiij"’ Rs p* at

Michaelmas ----- - Et Real’ CC.

- ti.

Mizes itim Solvend’ in vj Ann’ quoit J cccc. ti s d

\ ' Inde Sot’ CClxvj. xiij. iiij.

1 s d ti s d

Ann’ lxvj. xiij. iiij. inc’ Anno iiij'® R. p* Et Rein’ Cxxxiij. vj. viij.

ti

Mizes it>ra Solvend’ in vj Ann’ quoit j CCCC. ti s d ’ Inde Sot CClxvj. xiij. iiij.

1 s d ti s d 5

Ann’ lxvj. xiij. iiij. inc1 ut supra — Et Rein’ Cxxxiij. vj. viij.

r ti s d

Mizes it>m Solvend’ in vij Ann’ quott < D.Clxvj. xiij. iiij. C ti Inde Sot iiij.

li. ti s d.

Anno C. inc’ ut supra ... Et Rem’ CClxvj. xiij. iiij.

> ti

Mizes itrin Solvend’ in iiij" Ann’ quoit > CCCC, ti Inde Sot’ C.

ti

kAnn’ C. inc’ ut supra - " > Et Rem’ CCC. Clamat’ p Roger Owen Mil’

N i ti s d

Miz’ ibm Solvend’ in divTss* Ann’ in \ M.Cxxxiij. vj. viij. t ti Inde Sot’ m. ti s d

Coin’ prod’ / Et Rem’ Cxxxiij. vj. viij.

Here the nuber of Veres are to bee expressed as in the former.

1 lie s d A. M. iiij. lxvj. xiij. iiij.

i 1 li. e Sot’ Rec’ M. M. CCC.

1 li s d Et Rem’ insolut’ M. Clxvj. xiiij. iiij.

GD

sT

4

-v)

1 lvvu l»\»l)C|- Ot

t-> l.'X|kr

i MM i 1-1 the foi UK ! .

D

ca

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

o

r<

Southwatf viz*, in Comitat’

Pembr

C arm* then

Cardigan -

Brecon

Radnor

Glarao'gan

Monmouth

Mizes ibm Solvend’ in iiijor Ann’ quoit Ann’

li s d lxiij. xviij. ij. inc’ ut supra

ti s d CClxvj. xiij. iiij.

ii s d Inde Sot’ CCxyj. xiij. iiij. ii

Et Rem* 1.

/ Miz" ibm Solvend’ in duobz Ann’ inc’ ad Fest’l C xx ti s d

Micbis 1606 -Sir Walter hath p11 120 lib. & the Sherif 160 lib. at Mich*, next, & the rest at Michael, come twelve month.

-Jmj iiij xv. v. Vllj.

{Mizes ibm Solvend’ ad dua ffest’ in Ann’ Dm 1607: -

"J ti s d [CCClv. xij. iiij.

-J Sot’ Receptor’.

!Miz" ibm Solvend’ prim’ Maij 1607,

primo Maij 1608, et prmo Maij 1609.

d.

Claymed by Justice Williams 74. 11.0. The ^Residue certified by the Commissioners who had certified the same before, for which Purpose I have written to them.

ti s DClxj. xj.

ti

Inde Sot’ Dxxxvij.

« s

Et Rem’ Cxxiiij. x\

of

\3V

f Mizes ibm Solvend’ Menss’ Octob" 1606. [Menss May 1607, et Menss’ Oct. 1607.

- Miz. in Coin pred’ -

-"j ti s d

[CCClxvj. xiij. iiij. -J Sol’ Receptor’

Nit.

'Mizes ibm viz1 Dhm de Rompney ti s

(xxvij. xvj. Dnm de Lleswery et Llevenneth ti s d xiij. vj. viij. In toto.

TO"* Miz’. in Watt’.

Memorandu, that th* inhabitats of theise Counties pay no fifteenths tenthes.

Note likewise, that on the first of August next following the last Payment of the sd Mizes, in every Shire respectively, th’ Inhabitats of that Shire shall begin the Payment of the first Subsidy, granted 3 Jac. k so forward, as is specified in the end of that Act of an’ 3. whereby the Subsidies were granted.

ii s d xlj. ij. xj.

M ti s d V DC Iiij. xj. xj.

it xx ti s d M M C iiij vj. xviij. vij.

t C ti s Inde Sol’ Rec’ M iiij Ixv. xix.

C ti s d Et Rem’insot’ vij xx. xix. vij.

M C ti s Inde Sot’ Reg’ ut supius ptichr pz" nj vij lxv. xix.

t C xx ti s d Et Reman’ adhuc Solvend’ M viij iiij vij. xij. xj.

Whereof there is 30oib uppon S' Rog. Owen, & 74. 11. o. uppun Justice Williams, & y* rest wil bee payed in due time.

( ts 2 H

3

3 " :T

- r>

tO

o

o

to

Or

O

4-

<0

x25° M

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Laud Revenue,

Indorsed, " Mizes of Wales and Cheshire, and the Times of their Payments, 12 Jan. 1608."

£ s. d.

The Mises in South Wales amount to - - - 2,186 18 7

In North Wales to - - - 3,466 13 4

In Cheshire and P* of Flintshire to m - - 2,000 —

7,653 11 11

£ s. d.

Wck 7,653. 11. 11. are to be paid at 6 Paym"; viz.

At Midsomer, 1606 - " - - - 1,275 11 Hi

At Martilmas, 1606 - - - - 1,275 11 ni

At Midsomer, if 07 - - - 1,275 11 ni

At Martilmas, 1607 - - - - 1,275 11 n i

At Midsomer, 1608 - - " - - 1,275 11 Hi

At Martilmas, 1608 ... - - - - 1,275 11 h ?

£ 7,653 11 11

N* 16.

STATE of the Land Revenue in Wales\extracted from a Book in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, dated the 16th of March 1701-2, intituled, " An Account of all Lands, Rents, and Estates, " belonging to the Crown undisposed of, as far as the Surveyor General hath obtained Information by " Certificate from the Auditor, or otherwise."

South Wales:

The Auditor certifies the Revenue of South Wales, Rents, and Casualties accounted for, at per Annum

including Leasehold

Present Value.

s. d.

£. s.

3,436 4 6 *

Out of which he deducts Yearly:

For illeviable Rents ——

For Money paid the Judges in Wales ——

To the Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster -To Bishops, Vicars, &c. Perpetual Pensions -

To the 6 Sheriffs, 5 I. a-piece, allowed by Statute - -

To the Governor of Milford Haven ——

To Prothonotaries, King’s Attorney, Auditor, Receiver, Stewards, &c.

To the Assignee of Richard Castle, Esq., granted to him for a Term of 31 Years, Part of which commences from the Date, being 20th Septem' 1670, and expired at Michas 1701, and the rest expire at Michas next

1702....

And he allows Annually, for the Repairs of Ridbert Chappel, in Pembrokeshire ——

And to the Duke of Somersett, the Rent of the Castle and Lordship of Tallangharne, p Annum ——

32 l6 3

720 — —

156 13 4

83 15 9

30 — —

26 13 4

459 1 6

58 16 2

2 — —

80 .

Memorandum. — The Auditor hath not certified by what Warrant, or for what Time, the aforegoing Sums are payable, which appear to be much higher now than was formerly allowed.

He also allow s for a Pension granted to Lord Auverquerc’, and his Heirs, by Patent, dated 90 Junii 1694, out of this Part of the Revenue of Wales p Annum -

And to the Duke of Saint Alban, and his Dutchess, during their Lives, a Pension, by Patent, dated the 14* Augusti 1694 -

800

250 ——

And then remains, according to this Statement, p Annum - - £

Without any Allowance made for Taxes which may be set on the said Revenue. 3

2,699 16 44 736 8 24

North Wales:

The Revenue of North Wales (including Leasehold Rents and Casualties) is returned by the Auditor at p Annum ——

Out of which he deducts Yearly:

For iQeviable Rents -

For Money paid the Judges in Wales -To the Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster To Constables of divers Castles -

To the 6 Sheriffs, 5 L each - -

For Perpetual Pensions -

These Allowances to the Judges, Officers, c. are higher than they have formerly been certified.

To my Lord Auverquerc’ a Pension for ever by the before mentioned

Grant ----- ....

To the Duke of St Alban, for his own and Lady's Lives, by Grant before mentioned -....

And then remains, by this Statement, p Annum -

Taxes not deducted.

£. s.

1,200

250 —

----- ----- ----- - Twelfth Report

on the Lend Preeent Value. Revenue.

£. S. d.

3.360 3 9*

76 19 9$

m 670

175 6 8

96 »3 4

30

19 2 3

434 12 5

2,952 14 5f

407 9 3i

A true Extract.

fVm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

Vol. 47.

n K

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

25° Mail

N* 17.

To the Right Honble. George Grenville, Chancellor of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

The humble Representation of Thomas Wynn, Esq. Auditor of His' Majesty’s Land Revenue within the several Counties of North and of Richard

Price, and Henry Lite, Esq. Auditor of the said Revenue within the County of Chester.

Sheweth,

That Sir, Humphrey Howor Kn‘, was appointed Receiver General of His Majesty’s Land Revenue within the several Counties of North Wales and Chester, by Patent dated the 4th Day of March, in the Eleventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Ann, and continued in the same Office till September 1732, when he was suspended by Warrant of the Lords of the Treasury till he should pass his Accounts, which he never did, tho’ there was in the Auditors Office a Draught of an Account, which upon Examination appears to be very- imperfect; and we are informed, that an Account was passed in Mr. Auditor Godolphins Time, and declared before Sir Robert Walpole, then Chancellor of the Exchequer, and that it now remain^ with the Executors of Sir Fortescue, Kn*, late Master of the Rolls, who was Secretary to Sir Robert Walpole when the said Account was declared, for Want of the Secretary’s Fees being paid; so that as there is no Record id our Office, we1 are not able to certify what is due at the Foot of the said Account, or v^hether the said Account'is right, or imperfect. '

Eduard Burton. Esq. was appointed, by Warrant of the Lords of the Treasury, 15th September 1732, to receive the said Revenue during Sir Humphrey Haworth's Suspension; but Mr. Burton’s Account could not be made up by Reason that as Sir Humphrey had never brought any Account into the Office (except as above) the Auditors had no List of Arrears, nor any Record whereby to charge Mr. Burton with; but Mr. Burton, who is since dead, paid into the Exchequer 1,100l. which he avowed was near the Balance of his Account.

William Myddlelon, Esq. was appointed to succeed

Mr. Burton, by Patent, dated 2d 1739, and continued to receive the said Revenues till 1st April 1742, when he was removed and discharged from his Employment by His Majesty’s Sign Manual, in pursuance of an Address of the House of Commons to His Majesty for that Purpose, but never could be brought to any Account, though Thomas Farrington, Esq. late Auditor of Wales, and Charles Shelley, Esq. late Auditor of Chester, made several Representations to the late Sir Robert Walpole, and Lord Sandys, when Chancellor of the Exchequer, and we have Reason to believe, that he must have a considerable Sum of Money in his Hands, as he has never made any extraordinary Payments, but only the usual and constant Outgoings charged on the said Revenue.

The said Auditors find in their Office a Representation made to His Majesty’s Commissioners for Affairs of Taxes, by their Predecessors Thomas Farrington, and Charles Shelley Esquires, as follows; viz.

"That every Receiver at the Time of entering " upon his Office has delivered to him by the Auditor " a true and perfect Rental of all the Rents within his " Receipt that are in Charge before the Auditor,

" but in the said Rental there are several large Rents " charged upon several Townships, Hundreds, and " Bailywicks, which were always paid at the Audit " in One Gross Sum, as they stand in the Auditor’s " Rental, by the Representative, Bailiff, P’positor,

" Collector, or other Officer of the said Hundreds,

" $c. who collected the same from the several In-

A. 1792.

" habitants, according to their several Proportions, and " were by them called Collection Rents, and were apportioned, divided, and raised among themselves, but " could not be inserted in the Auditor’s Rental, nor " divided there, the Auditor’s Rental being a Record, " and not in the Auditor’s Power to alter; besides it " would be highly improper to suffer any Rent to be " divided, for by that Means Rents are frequently lost " THESE RENTS so collected by the said Bayliffs, " P’positors, and Collectors of the said Hundreds, $c: " are regularly brought by them to the Audits, and paid " in the said Gross Sum agreeable to the Auditor’s " Rental; but there are several other Rents likewise " standing in the Auditor’s Rental in Gross Sums, which " for many Years have been received by Sub-Collectors " from the several Inhabitants of the said Townships, " who have been paid for collecting them, and have by " the said Sub-Collectors been regularly paid at the " Audits; and the said Sub-Collectors had a List, or " Kind of Rental, with the Names and Premes of the " several Inhabitants paying the said Reiits, according to

"their several antient and usual Proportions; and Mr. " Myddleton had such Lists or Rentals delivered to him

" by his Predecessor, as the Auditors were credibly " informed, and do believe, but he always refused to " deliver the same to his Successor Sir Lynch Salisbury " Cotton, the present Receiver, or to bring them into " the Auditor’s Office, as also his other Vouchers, " Rentals, and other Papers relating to his Receipt, in " order to enable the Auditor to make up his Account, " though he has been often required so to do. — Nay, il the said Auditor has been further informed, that " the said William Myddletonhas persuaded and encouraged several of the Tenants not to pay the " said Rents, telling them, that he has the Possession " of these Lists or Rentals, and that the present Receiver " cannot nor dare not distrain, for that he can neither " know the Sums due, nor specify the Land from whence " they issue."

N. B. The said William Myddleton is since dead, and has left a considerable Estate.

Sir Lynch Salusbyry Cotton, Bart, the present Receiver, was appointed to succeed Mr. Myddelton by Patent, dated 10th August 1742, and has continued ever since to receive the Rents in North Wales and Cheshire, and is ready to pass his Accounts, but alledges, and we believe with Reason, that the Rents in North Wales are very ill paid, and that when he has threatened them with making Distresses, they have put him at Defyance, and said they would bring Actions against him, which has prevented him from enforcing Payment thereof, for fear of being vexed with and put to the Expence of defending numberless Actions.

The said Receiver Sir Lynch Cotton has also informed the Auditor that he is not able to get in the Arrears, not knowing what they are, as Mr. Myddelton never passed any Account, or delivered any List of Arrears into the Auditor’s Office; and several of the Tenants, at the Instigation of the said Mr. Myddelton, pretend, as the said Receiver has informed the Auditor, that the said Mr. Myddelton has given them Receipts, but refuses to produce the same. Therefore, as the Auditor is by these Means unable to enforce the Payment of these Rents and Arrears, he fears that, except some Method is speedily taken, they will in a little Time be lost to the Crown.

The Auditor of Chester humbly represents that the Rents and Revenues within the County of Chester, are regularly paid; but as they amount to but a small Sum, the said Sir Lynch Cotton, the present Receiver, has no Money of that Revenue in his Hands, having paid

several

32 Geo. III.

25° M

several large Sums to his Majesty’s Commissioners for Affairs of Taxes, for Bills of Incidents, by War* rants from the Treasury, besides the usual Out-goings charged on the said Revenue.

All which is most humbly represented by

Thomas Wynn, Auditor.

SIR,

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are pleased to direct you forthwith to transmit to me an Account of what Debt is due to the Crown from the late Sir Humphrey Howarth, Auditor of North Wales, the Interest due, and the Circumstances of the Csfefe.

I am, Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

Grey

Treasury' Chambers, the 9th of Nov. 1765.

To Thomas Wynn, Esq.

Auditor of Wales.

SIR,

In Obedience to the Directions of the Right honble. the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, signified to me by yours of the 9th Instant,

I do myself the Favor to tell you, that upon strict Search in my Office, 1 can find no Traces whereby to send you a satisfactory Account respecting the Debt due to the Crown from the late Sir Humphrey Haworth. It appears that in Mr. Auditor Time Sir

Humphrey did declare an Account before Sir Robert Walpole, then Chancellor of the Exchequer, which Account was nevdr brought back to this Office, as it ought to have beeif, but detained for want of the Secretary’s Fees being paid; and 1 am assured it is now in the Possession df Mr. Best, the present Chancellor’s Deputy Secretary. When I receive this Account, I hope I shall then be able to transmit to you such a State of Sir Humphrey Howor Debt, as their Lordships require; but’ till then it will be absolutely impossible. I am,

Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

Thomas Wynn.

Auditor of Wales’s Office,

New Palace Yard, Westminster,

16th Nov. 1765.

953

Llwenty, June 7th, 1768. TwelfthiR-port J> on the Land

SIR,

I bad wrote you by the last Post, but was so same in my hand with my old Complaint (Rheumatism) I could not, and my Son was then from Home, and is not returned as yet, which puts me under the Necessity of writing to you now; and I do it as well as I can, tho’ in great Pain.

In Answer to your several Letters to Sir Lynch Cotton, all the Accounts of his Receipt of the Crown Rents shall be drawn out to October 10th 1767. — I have drawn out his Accounts, and sent ’em up to Town several Times, but to no Manner of Purpose. — Six Years ago I went to London on purpose to settle his Account, but could not have it done. Mr* Dcs-bororo told me I had taken a great deal of needless Trouble in drawing out the same, and I staid in London to draw ’em over again in a shorter Manner, agreeable to his Directions, and left a Duplicate with him. Afterwards I drew up an Account of all the Arrears only, which I gave Mr. Auditor Wynn in Sir Lynch Cotton’s House in Duke Street, and he was pleased to tell me it was very satisfactory, and all he wanted, as the late Receiver, Mr. Myddnever settled any Account before he was superseded by Sir Lynch Cotton, nor since, nor ever delivered in any Account of Arrears in the several Bailiwicks, nor did his Predecessors, Mr. Burton, or Sir Humphrey before him, by

which fatal Neglect a great Part of the Collection Rents are inevitably lost. Several Remonstrances on this Account have been presented to the Lords of the Treasury, but no Notice ever taken of’em, nor no Authority ever sent down to indemnify People to make a Distress for the Arrears, which are very great, and yearly increase. — The whole Arrears in the County of Chester is upwards of 5,000l. and in North Wales at least 20,000 /. whereof you shall have an exact List as soon as possible. If the Lords of the Treasury think proper to grant a Warrant to make proper Distress upon the Delauiters, it may be of infinite Service to the Revenue; and if their Lordships think convenient, I will undertake to do it, as far as in my Power, to prevent the Country from being harassed by a Messenger being sent on Purpose to do it

Revenue.

I am,

To Mr, Femvick.

Sir,

Your most obedient, humble Servant,

E. Bridge, Deputy Rec.

Vol. 47.

25° M

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

North

Wales.

N° 18. A.

An ACCOUNT of the late Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Bart. Receiver ' General of the Land Revenue of His present Majesty King George the Third, within the several Counties of , Carnarvon, Meri-

oneth, Denbigh, Flint, and Montgomery, for One Year, ending the loth Day of October, in the First Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, and in the Year of our Lord ——

1761.

The Charge.

Amount of the Land Revenue for One Year, as above -

The Sheriffs Fines....

Perquisites of Courts ——

Profits of Mines -

New Rents -

Amount of the Charge

3,305

10

2

19

1

s.

11 11

10

*9

3

d.

5i

9

HI

81

9

3,339 *7 7

The Discharge.

r 0

Taxes allowed the Tenants - -

Auditor as Baron ——

Baron of Carnarvon Exchequer -

Auditor, a Fee of -

Auditor for Audit Expenses -

Receiver for the like -

Receiver, Salary 30 /. a Fee of 40 /.

Auditor, Proclamations -Auditor’s Messenger -

Bailiff Itinerant ——

Sheriffs of the Six Counties 5 /. each Prothonotary of Carnarvon Circuit -Da of Denbigh and Montgomery -Chamberlain of Carnarvon Circuit -Steward of Bardsey -

Steward of Bromfield and Yale -

Steward and Recorder of Denbigh -

Recorder of Bromfield and Yale -Attorney General, Carnarvon Circuit D® of Denbigh and Montgomery -

Proclaimer of the Audit - -

Keeper of Penmacn Mawr - -

Constable of Carnarvon Castle -1)* - - of Harleigh Castle -

D* - - of Beaumaris Castle -

D® - - of Flint Castle -

Keeper of Flint Castle Gate" -Chief Forester of Snowden -Comptroller of the Fines, Carnarvon Circuit, Part of the Year -A Perpetual Pension, the Bishop of Bangor Procurations, the Bishop of St. Asaph

13

5

55

50

40

70

6

5

18

30

3

3

20

3

20

40

3

3

3

10

50

26

10

6

11

forj

Representatives of the late Earl of Grantham:

6 8

18 4

£. s. d.

509 7 U

263 6 8

4 8 / -

6 8 6 8

1 —

6 8

6 8 6 8 6 8 6

13 4

1 8 8 1

130 7 8

> 2,451 7 4

9 5 5 15 2 3

123 8 6

19 2 3

v

Lady Frances Elliott Lady Caroline Seymour.

William Earl Cowper -Lord Chief Baron Parker -

Mr. Baron Adams -The Four Messengers of the Exchequer -

D® for Six Proclamations -

The Surveyor of the Green Wax

Amount of the Discharge

600

400

200

95

76

4

18

----- - > 1,200 —

6 8 j

171 6 8

22 ——

12 8 6

And then Remains

Arrears upon divers Persons In the Receiver’s Hands

- 888 13 2i

Against which

696 14 10£

1

- £. 191 15 4i

Examined,

John Fenwick, Deputy. Auditor.

32 Geo. lit

25°Mail

955

South Wales.

The Charge.

N° 18. B.

An ACCOUNT of the late Rt Honb|c Henry Lord Holland, and Richard Bateman, Esq. Receivers General of the Land Revenue of His present Majesty King George the Third, within the several Counties of Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Brecon, Radnor, Glamorgan, and Monmouth, for One Year, ending the 10th Day of October, in the First Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, and in the Year of our Lord

Twelfth Report on the Revenae.

____________

1761.

(Amount of the Land Revenue for One Year, as above Comorthas ——

Sheriffs, with the Fines ——

Profits of the Judicial Seal -

Perquisites of Courts ——

The Discharge.

"Auditor as Barofi - i -

D°, a Fee of ——

Receiver, a Fee 70/. Wages 50/.

Auditor and Receiver, Travelling Charges Steward of Pembroke -

Steward of Cantermellenith -

Steward of Penkelley 6 Months -

Woodward -

Auditor’s Messenger - -

Precepts and Proclamations - -

Keeper of the Audit House - -

Proclaimer of the Audit -Taxes allowed the Tenants - -

Sheriffs of the Six Counties, Fee of 5/. each -

Chamberlain of Carmarthen -

D* of Brecon ——

Governor of Milford Haven -Prothonotary of Carmarthen Circuit D° of Brecon Circuit -

Attorney General, Brecon Circuit -D# Carmarthen Circuit -

Conductor of the Audit *

Bishop of St. David’s, a perpetual Pension Bishop of Llandaff, Procurations and Synodals Proctor General of Llandaff -

Vicar of Walton East -

Vicar of Strata Florida -

Vicar of Monmouth -

Curate of Ridbeft Chapel *

Chanter of St. David s -

Master of Christ College, Cambridge Mr. Baron Smythe - -

Mr. Baron Lloyd, and Mr. Baron Gould The Most Noble John Marquis of Granby

Representatives of the late Earl of Grantham: Lady Frances Elliott ——

Earl Cowper - -

Lord Viscount Fordwich -

The Four Messengers of the Exchequer

D* 13 Proclamations, 3 /. each -The Keeper of Ludlow Castle -Surveyor of the Green Wax - - - - *

Mr. Auditor Wynn ——

Zachary Chambers, Esq. Register of His Majesty’s Honors, Manors, Lands, &c.

Amount of the Charge -

- £.

3.

3.232 9 33 17 56 10 19 16 Nil.

10 i

7

6

3,342 13 11

Amount of the Discharge

£. 3. d.

24 10 >

65 18 4

120 — —

100 — — £. S. d.

150 —

100 13 4 > 586 1 8

4 5 13 4

14 — —

1 — —

— 6 8 J

- 462 6 3

30 — — >

100 — —

100 —

Nil.

17 6 8 > 271 6 8

9

8 9 4

5 4 —

1 6 8 J

5 8 6>

1 13 4

2 2 —

10 — —

5 6 8 > 66 10 6

23 6 8

2 — —

10 — —

6 13 4j

90 66 3 10 13 4

- a 80 — —

1: 237 io -1

325 — 1 _ ( 800 — —

237 10 -J

4 39 =} 43 — —

- - 30 — —

- - 21 13 6

* " 20 — —

- - 240 — —

£. S. d.

2,777 n 11

Examined,

John Femvick,

And then remains *

Arrears upon divers Persons - *

Surplus in the Favor of the Accountants - £. 4S7 17 3

565 2 — {

Against which

1,052 1 9

Dpty. Audf

Vo L. 47.

if L

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

25° M

N° 19. A,

A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in North Wales.

NORTH WALES: £. s. d.

Amount within the County of Angiesey > - - m 43i 3 — i

Carnarvon - m — O CO IO 10 1 i

Merioneth - - * - 229 15 11

Flint - - 323 2 2}

Denbigh - - - 1,821 1 2

Montgomery - 56 16 2*

£. 3,442 8 mW OO

Annual Balance against this Revenue 3 > - 224 12 4

Examined, 3d October 17S6,

J.

3,667 1 — i

0

N° 19. A.

Twelfth Report on the Lard Revenue.

NORTH WALES.

Receiver General, Glynn Wynn, Esq.

Sheriffs of the Six Counties

Auditor, Thomas Johnes, Esq. - < Fee as Baron on the Audit - -

D* as Auditor -

D* as Bailiff Itinerant -

D® making out Precepts and Proclamations D* ancient Allowance, called Auditor’s Scry. -Allowance for Audit Expences.

Fee to Auditor’s Messenger -D° to the Proclaimer of the Audit -D* to the Auditor’s Clerk -Patent Fee -

Ancient customary Fee - - *

D* ancient Fees, called Collection Fees -A Fee as Bailiff of Bromfield and Yale -Allowance for Audit Expences -

An Allowance for Fees on declaring his Account An ancient Fee of 5/. each -Judges Accommodations on the Circuit not to exceed 20/. per County, per Act, 8th Geo. III. -J Rec1’9 Poundage on the said 120/. at 1 per libr.

^ChaiKdlor811^ j" ^o’ Lord Bulkeley - Anglesey, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, a Fee of -

D°, Ricrri Meredith, and H. H. Lloyd, Esqrs. Denbigh and Montgomery, D*

Prothonotary, Glynn Wynn, Esq. - - Anglesey, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, D°

D*, Tho* Morgan, Esq. * Denbigh and Montgomery, D°

Attorney General, John Parry, Esq. - Anglesey, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, D"

D", Hugh Leicester, Esq. - Denbigh and Montgomery, D°

Comptroller of Fines, O. S. Brereton, Esq. - Anglesey, Carnarvon, Merioneth, D°

1 Myddleton, Esq. - of Denbigh and Denbigh Lands, D*

- of Bromfield and Yale, D° - of - D* - - I)0 -

- of Menay, in Anglesey, D6 -

» - of Bardsey, in Carnarvonshire, D° -

- of Carnarvon Castle, D°

- of Beaumaris Castle, Anglesey, D"

- of Conway Castle, Carnarvonshire,

- of Harleigh Castle, Merionethshire,

- of Flint Castle, D°

- of D° Castle, D* -

- of Penmaen Maur, Carnarvonshire, D* -

- of the Forest of Snowden, Carnarvonshire,

a perpetual Pension -

for Procuration and Synodals -

Amount of Annual Charges.

4

8

£. s. d. 13 6 8 55 »8 18 1

6 ——

20 18 4 50 -

5 ——

— 68

10 ——

30 ——

40 -

41 7

12 ——

40 ——

25 15 6

Fees and Wages.

D° -D° -

D*

Recorder, /

Recorder, William Simons, Esq.

Steward, Rich1* Myddleton, Esq.

D\ Thomas Williams, Esq. -D#, Earl of Uxbridge -Constable, Earl of Uxbridge -D", Sir Hugh Williams, Bart. -D\ John Parry, Esq. -D\ Evan Lloyd Vaughan, Esq.

D*, Owen S. Brereton, Esq. -Keeper, Owen S. Brereton, Esq.

D*, vacant *

Chief Forester, Earl of Uxbridge Lord Bishop of Bangor -D° of St. Asaph Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer Westm', Sir John Skynnef, Knt. - *

The 3d Baron there, Sir Beam* Hotham, Knt. - - - D* -

Baron of Carnarvon Exchequer, vacant - a Fee of ——

The Exchequer Messengers - - - an Annual Fee of 20 each -

- - - D° - * - - - - for every Proclamation 3/. Anms -

Rt Hon. George Earl Cowper - - - a perpetual Pension, granted 9 June, 6 W" &]

Mary, to Henry de Nassau, Seignior d’Auver-> querque, and his Heirs, Half-yearly - -J William Danby, Esq. - - - - D° - - D° - - D° -

Miss Georgiana Amelia Seyiriour - - D* - - D° - - D°

Sheriffs of the different Counties, occasional Bills of Cravings, suppose -

Receiver General, occasional incidental Charges, suppose likewise -

Taxes, at 4$. in the Pound, amount Annually to about ——

Arrears, communibus Antiis ——

a.t1

_ >a Fee, payable Half-yearly -

£. s. d. 13 6 8

55 18 4

18 1 8

6 ——

20 18 4

5 ——

— 6 8

10 ——

30 ——

40 ——

41 7 6

12 ——

30 -120 - — 30

6 -20 - . 20

— 16 8 16 8

3 6 8 3 6 8

3 6 8 3 6 8

3 6 8 3 6 8

3 6 8 3 6 8

12 3 4 12 rt 0 4

40 6 8 40 6 8

3 20 r — 3 20 £ 1 1 1 —

5 3 1 — 0 3 1 —

10 . 10 — —

26 13 4 26 13 4

23 — — 23 — —

50 _ — 50 — —

10 — 10 — —

6 1 8 6 1 8

_ 6 8 — 6 8

11 8 1 11 8 1

4 — —

15 2 3 —

95 6 8 95 6 8

76 — 76 — —

5 — 5 — —

4 — 4 — — ,

14 5 — "*

800 — —

200 — — —

200 — —

50 — —

75 7 6 —

456 19 6

891 l 4

3,667 X — t

Vox.. 47.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in South Wales, and County of

Monmouth.

SOUTH WALES, and County of Monmouth i

Amount within the County of Cardigan

Carmarthen Pembroke Brecon -Radnor * Glamorgan -Monmouth -

£. s. d.

- - 438 17 if

780 3 n

- 1,255 1 2 i

- 400 9 u

- - 168 19 9*

- 115 1 9 T

‘ 240 4 3

3,398 18 11 i

Comorthas, One Year with another, about -

53 3 9

Examined, 3d Oct. 1786, J.

3,452

Amount of Fees and

Anni Charges. Wages.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

24 10 — 24 10 —

20 20

65 18 4 65 18 4

7 7 — —

27 15 — 2715 —

50

5 13 4 513 4

1 6 8 168 1

— 6 8 — 6 8

4 4

70 70

50 50

50

54 2 7! 54 2 74

7 7 — —

25 15 6 6

120

30 30

100 100

100 100

00 17 6 8

9 5 4~ 9 5 4 —

8 9 4 894

150 150

100 100

1 6 8 1 6 8

26 13 4 26 13 4

30 30

5 8 5

2 16 3-

1 13 4

2 2 —

10

23 6 8 1 '

5 6 8 2 1

10 —

6 13 4

9° 3 4 90 3 4

66 10 — 66 10 —

80

— 13 4

4 4

16 15 —

2 2

800

19 18 6

29 5 —

546 6 —

292 6 1

3,188 12 — I

263 10 74

3.452 2 81

SOUTH WALES, AND COUNTY OF MONMOUTH.

Rec* Gen1, R‘ Hon. C. J. Fox

Auditor, Tho* Jolmes, Esq. - - A Fee, as Baron on the Audit

Wages -

An ancient Fee as Auditor -D8, making out Precepts and Proclamations 1)*, ancient Allowance, called Auditor’s Scry. -Allowance for Audit Expences Messenger attending the Audit Conductor of the Audit -Keeper of the Audit House -Proolaimer of the Audit -Woodward -

- An Annual Fee of Wages ——

Allowance for Audit Expences Ancient Fees, called Collection Fees A Fee for Precepts and Proclamations -An Allowance for Fees on declaring his-]

Account /

Poundage on 120/. at 12 on Judges'! Accommodations - - - J

- For Judges Accommodations on the!

Circuit, not to exceed 20/. p County, > p Act 8th Geo. 3rd. J

An ancient Fee of 5/. each -

Chmicdlor111^^er^ert Lloyd, Esq. Carmarthen, Pembroke and Cardigan, Fee ~~ Office vacant - Brecon, Radnor, Glamorgan,

Sheriffs of the Six Counties

D8

D8 -

QerlTorf>em*jro^e> Carmarthen, Cardigan, D*

D8, - John Eyre, Esq'

AtP Gen1, Silvester Douglas, Esqr D° - Griffin, Esq'

Steward, Office vacant - -

D°, Rt Hon. Earl of Oxford

Brecon, Radnor, Glamorgan, Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, Brecon, Radnor, Glamorgan, of Pembroke, &c.

of Cantermellenith -

D°, Thynne Howe G wynne, Esqr of Penkelley -

Governor, Office vacant Keeper, - D* -Lord Bishop of St. David’s -D* -

Lord Bishop of Llandaff Revd Mr. James Birt -Rev* Mr. Griffith Twining Rev11 Mr. John Davis -Revd Mr. Edward Davies Vacant -

Revd Mr. Daniel Jones Revd Mr. Tho’ Hancock Revd Mr. T. Williams -Rev4 Mr. John Barker Sir Ja* Eyre, Knt.

Sir Rich4 Perryn, Knt -John Manners, Esqr

---- Johnes, Widow -

The Exchequer Messengers

Thomas Smith -

The Rt. Hon. EarlCowper -

D°

D8

D*

D8

D8

D8

D8

D8

of Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire of Ludlow Castle, Com. Salop,

A Perpetual Pension -A Triennial Visitation - £.8. 8. 10. For Procurations and Synodals Proctor General of Llandaff Vicar of Walton-East, D°

Vicar of Monmouth, Salary -Preacher of Mouncton, D° -Preacher of Ho wick, D8 Vicar of Strata Florida, a Stipend Curate of Ridbert Chapel, Salary -Chanter of St. David’s, Perpetual Pension Master of Christ’s College, Cambridge, D Second Baron of the Exchequer at Westm' a Fee -Fourth Baron there, a Fee of A Rent resolute from the Castle Lordship of Tallanghame, in County of Carmarthen The Rent of Cardigan Town Hall An ancient Annual Fee -For every Proclamation, 3/.

Amis ----- J A perpetual Pension, granted by Cha* 1st D° g June, 6 Wm & Mary, to Henry del Nassau, Seigneur d’Auverquerque, and >

his Heirs

Receiver General, Occasional Incidental Expences -

Sheriffs of the different Counties, Occasional Bills of Cravings, uncertain

Taxes allowed, at 4s. per Lib. commiaiibus Annis -

Arrears on the several Tenants, about -

Annual Balance in Favour of this Revenue

VOL. 47.

11 M

D

CQ

i — h

N'

CD

Cl

a~

CD

o

0§

FT

N° 20. A.

NORTH TV A L E S.

AN AC CO UNT of the Produce and Expenditure of the Land Revenue in North Wales, for Twenty-six Years, from the ioth October 1760 to the 10th October 1786.

CHARGE:

Fixed Rover.ue.

Casual Revenue, exclusive of Fines.

I76P

1762

1763

1764

1765

1766

1767

1768

1769')

1770

1771 {

1772

1773 177+j

d.

27,149 a 6

t. d.

274 9 ij

1775 }

>77<;

1777 J

17781

1779

1780 J

17811

178* /

1783 1. 0-S7 c

1784 J\0,'b7 5

0,787 5

20,361 1C 10 } 194 15 — i

10.180 18 5 J 51 11 8

10.180 18 5$ 170 1S n

0,787 57 h23 2 101

1785 1

17 80 J

7l

p. I

/ I

88,234 13 1 i

337 4 3 407 19 8i

1,460 1 C |

Total. Arrears. Taxes. > Neat Revenue received. Fines received.

£. 5. d. £. s. d. £. 2. d. £. s. d. £. *. d.

27,423 11 y{ 5.529 5 10 4,074 17 — 17.819 8 9 40 — —

20,556 11 101 5.486 C 7J 2,301 18 — 12,768 7 3! 35

10,232 10 1 i 3.374 16 2 £ 1,138 3 9 £ 5>7’9 i° 1 .

10,351 17 4 3 1,986 17 8i 1,603 13 2 6,761 6 51 -

6,810 8 55 2,5*5 19 6-1 833 19 6 3,460 9 5 - .

7,124 9 10 1 3,047 18 11 751 16 6 3,324 14 51 1,150

7»i.05 5 4 2,648 14 31 814 4 6 3,732 6 61 740

89,694 14 8J 24,589 19 2 J 11,518 12 5 4 53,586 3 — i 1,965 —

Total.

£. I. d.

17,859 8 91

12,803 7 3i

5,719 10 1

6,761 6 5i

3,460 9 5

4,474 H 5 i

4,472 6 G*

55,551 3 -4*

There were some Arrears received during the above Period, which are not included in this Account, but are contained in a

subsequent Account to Michaelmas 1790. Vide N* so. B.

DISCHARGE.

<0

Ci

o

I 1761^ 1762

1 170.3 1704

1765

1766

1767 1708J

1709

1770

1771

1772

1773 1774

Fees, Wages, Salaries, Stipends paid.

A perpetual Pension to the late Earl of Grantham s Heirs.

d.

1775 1 17/0 1 1

1770 ‘777 J

1778 -I

1779 ,

1780 J

1781 1

1782 J

1783 1

1784/

1785 I

1786/

0,874 15 7 i

5,909 1 5

4,141 15 8£

3,360 4 91

2,067 11 5 i

2,1O2 5 5f 2,109 12 — i

*. d.

9, Coo ——

Fines paid, to whom, and where.

£. S. d

7.200 ——

1.200 ——

3,600 ——

300 ——

1,200 ——

2, COO ——

40 ----- Into the Exchequer

35 ----- -Tnto the Exchequer

Total paid.

d.

16,514 15 7

Memorandums.

1,150 to the Receiver General.

740 to the Receive! Genera’.

13,204 1 5

943 19 —

5,341 15 8

6,960 4 9

2,367 11 5

3,302 5 5

4,709 12 —

26,685 6 6£ 25,700 ——

75 —

£. £. d.

Balance in the Hands of\ Q s

Edward Moore, Esq* - J ' *

D° in the Hands of the\ t

Receiver General - -J ^1

3,404 5 7

2,146 17 5$

55,551 3 — I

Sir Z. S. Cotton, Bart, the Recr Gen1, having paid £.1,528. Gs. 1 Id. in Aid of the Revenue of the County of Chester, and the Balance of this Account being only £-943- l9s — id. the Lords of the Treasury were pleased to issue their Warrant for repaying the Surplus of £. 584. 7 s. id. to his Executors out of the Revenue of England.

applied to the Aid of the Revenue of Chester.

Edward Moore, Esqr. Receiver General, Balance of this Account £. 178. 165. — Id. He has applied in Aid of the Chester Revenue £. 135. 4 s. 9 d. remains in his Hands *43- 11 s. 3id.

to

sv

<0

to

o /T tT nr* rr ttt v r -n

o

F

AN ACCOUNT of the Produce and Expenditure of the Land Revenue on South Wales and the County of Monmouth, for Twenty-six Years, viz. from the 10th October 1760 to the 10th of October 1786.

D

eg'

1 — H

n'

CD

Q.

cr

charge.

O

o

o

00_

0"

176.1

>;c«;

17(17

17C8

1769

1770

1771 177a

1773

1774

1775

1776

1777

1778

’779 1780 J

1783'

1784

’785

178G

Fixed Revenue- Casual Revenue, exclusive of Fines. Total. Arrears.

£. t. d. £. s. d. £.s. d. £. d.

6,680 6 — 1 220 8 2 6,900 14 2 J 2,105 18 74

; 13,360 13 1 537 7 11 i 13,898 4 2,433 15 1

| 13,360 12 1 433 10 51 13,783 2 64 1,585 — 8 J

t f 10,020 9 — J 421 o — i 10,441 18 1 £ 207 8 1

| 13,360 12 1 494 12 2 4 *3,855 4 3 4 106 — 8 J

j- 10,020 9 — £ CO ^1 CO o> 10,377 17 6 -

j. 6,680 6 _ i *9l 7 44 6,97* 13 5 -

j. 6,680 6 — I OO <0 CO 6,967 15 10 286 6 4 J

j. 6,680 6 — I 392 15 3 i 6,973 3 -

86,84318 t>i 3,325 8 8 9°,*69 7 3 6,724 9 6}

Taxes. Neat Revenue received. Fine, &c. received. N Total

£. *. d £.s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

924 12 6 3,870 3 1 i - 3,870 3 4

2,181 6 — 9,282 l8 1 1 I - 9,28218114

1,924 7 6 10,373 14 3* . 10,37314 3

1,658 11 9 8,575 18 3 i - 8,57518 3 4

2,202 12 2 £ 11,546 11 200 11,746 11 4 £

2,034 »o 5 8,343 7 1 i 400 8,743 7 1 4

1,346 3 5,625 12 2 136 5,761 12 2

1,147 15 8 5,533 *3 9i 210 5,743 *3 9 4

1,396 — 7 5,577 — 8 - 5,577 — 8

14,815 17 10 i 68,628 19 10 946 — 69,574 19 10 *

Note___There were some Arrears received during the above Period, which arc not included in this Account, but are contained in a

subsequent Account to Michaelmas 1790. Vide N° 20. B.

DISCHAKG E.

/ raid A perpetual Pension

to the late Fines, &c. and to whom or where

Fees, Wages, Salaries, Earl of Granthams paid.

Stipends, &. c. Heirs.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

1761 \ 1762 J 3,356 15 3 J 1,600

1763 I

i7‘>4 I 1/65 ( 6,333 1 11 3,200

1766 J

1767

17(58 1769 7,568 10 10 3,200

1770

1771 I

1772 [ 1773 J 5,460 6 11 2,400

1774 }

1775 I 1776 ( 7,618 12 — 3,200 200 Into the Exche-

1777 J quer.

1778.]

1779 1780 J 5,149 7 "I 2,400 400 Into the Exchequer.

e« 00 00 r>» 1-1 2,979 ’5 11 1,600 136 To the Recr>|

General, and paid> to the Public. J

17831 1784 ] 1785 \ 1786/

2,811 17 11 1,600 210 — — John Pitty Esq'S

Surveyor off the Woods. J

3,674 3 9 1,600

j 43,952 10 84 20,800 810

Total paid.

00

> to

O

ft

o

£. s. d. 1

4,956 *5 3 f j

9»533 1 11 '

1

10,768 10 to

f The late Right Hon.

g(50 g j 1 Henry Lord Holland, deced. n 1 R*jcr Gen1 to 10th Oct. 1773,

has overpaid this Account £. 1,115. 19*. (5{d. tO

1 i>°i8 13 — f The R< Honble. q

! Fox, the present Rec' Gen1, .

| has iu his Hands, at the Close of this Acc1, 10th Octr 1787,

7.949 7 11 i 8s. 8 d.

4.579 »5 »i

4,621 17 11 4>274 a 9

In the Hands of the R* Honble. C. J. Fox - £. 5,128 8 8

From which, if the late Lord Holland?* Surplus'! g k

be taken - - - - [ >59 ♦

It will leave the Balance of ——

65,562 10 8 i

4,012 9 1 i

£ ,69,574 19 10

MEMORANDUM. — The foregoing Accounts of the Land Revenue in Wales, up to Michaelmas 1786, arc given in order to shew the State and Produce of that Revenue, to the same Period to which the Accounts of the Land Revenue in England were prepared; but Accounts being afterwards received from the Auditor’s OtHce of the State and Produce of the Revenue in Wales to Michaelmas 1790, it if thought proper to subjoin them, in order that the J? Information may be as complete as the Commissioners urc enabled to make 1L

96 2

25° Maii.

A. 1792.

'welfih Report n the Land Avenue.

N° 19. B.

A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in North , 10 th October 1790.

NORTH WALES.

Amount within the County of Anglesey -

Caknakvon Merioneth Flint -

Denbigh

Montgomery

Fixed Annual Revenue. Casual Annual Revenue. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

379 6 104 1 13 Hi 381 — 10

516 16 14 33 18 4 550 14 51

225 15 9 2 13 4 228 9 1

313 — 71 — 18 2 3i3 18 9*

1,722 17 9* 34 11 2 i,757 8 11J.

31 12 — 4 - 31 12 — 4

3,189 9 2’ 73 14 11t 3,263 4 14

Annual Balance against the Revenue, including good Arrears

Examined,

J. Fc/iuick,

Dpty. Audr.

357 19 10I-

3,621 4 — t

Twelfth Ref>or on the Land

N° 19. B.

Amount of Annual Charges. Fees and Wages.

£. s. £. s. d.

1368 13 6 8

55 18 4 55 18 4

18 1 8 g 18 1 8 £

20 18 4 u — 20 18 4

50 K r-

5 — 6 8 5 — 6 8

10 10

30 30

40 40

41 7 6i 41 7

13 12

40

25 15 6

30 30

120 g

20 20

— 16 8 — 16 8

3 6 8 3 6 8

368 3 6 8

3 6 8 3 6 8

368 5 6 8

12 3 4 t2 3 4

40 6 8 3 - 40 6 8

20 — -- 3 20

5 — — 5

3 — i n - - — 3 1 —

J u r 26 13 4 10 — 26 13 4

23 23

50 50

10 10

6 1 8 6 1 8

— 6 S — 6 8

11 8 1 1181

4

15 2 3

CO <0 o> 95 6 8

76 — 76

5 4 5

15 — i 4

i 800 —

1 200 —

200 —

50 —

75 7 6

410 7 6

-891 1 4

:. 3,621 4 — i

NORTH WALES,

Auditor, Thomas Johnes, Esq.

Receiver General, John Griffith, Esq.

Sheriffs of the Six Counties

Chamberlain and Chancellor,

Thomas Lord Bulkeley -D°, Richard Meredyth, and H. H. Lloyd, Esq" Denbigh and Montgomery

Fee as Baron on the Audit -D® as Auditor -

D* as Bailiff Itinerant - -

D® making out Precepts and Proclamations -

D® ancient Allowance, called Auditor’s Scry.

Allowance for Audit Expences -

Fee to Auditors Messenger -

D® to the Proclainier of the Audit

D® to the Auditor’s Clerk -

Patent Fee ——

Ancient customary Fee -

D® ancient Fees, called Collection Fees A Fee as Bailiff of Bromfield and Yale Allowance for Audit Expences -

An Allowance for Fees on declaring his Accoun An ancient Fee of .51, each -Jjidges Accommodations on the Circuit, not exceed 20/. per County, per Act 8 Geo. 3d. Receiver’s Poundage on said 120/. at is. per lib.

Anglesea, Carnarvon, Merioneth, a Fee of -

,0}

Prothonotary, Glynn Wynn, Esq.

D®, Thomas Morgan, Esq.

Attorney General, John Parry, Esq.

D®, Hugh Leicester, Esq.

Comptroller of Fines. O. S. Brereton, Esq. Steward and Recorder, Rich4 Myddelton, Esq Recorder, William Simons, Esq.

Steward, Richard Myddelton, Esq.

D®, Thomas Williams, Esq.

D®, Earl of Uxbridge -Constable, Earl of Uxbridge D®, Sir Hugh Williams, Bart.

D®, John Parry, Esq.

D®, E. L. Vaughan, Esq. -D®, O. S. Brereton, Esq. -Keeper, O. S. Brereton, Esq.

D®, vacant -Chief Forester, Earl of Uxbridge Lord Bishop of Bangor

- Anglesey, Carnarvon, and Merioneth

- Denbigh and Montgomery

- Anglesea, Carnarvon, and Merioneth

- Denbigh and Montgomery

- Anglesea, Carnarvon, Merioneth ot Denbigh and Denbigh Lands

- of Bromfield and Yale -

- of D®....

- of Menay, in Anglesea -

- of Bardsey, in Carnarvonshire - / -

- of Carnarvon Castle -

- of Beaumaris Castle, Anglesea

- of Conuay Castle, Carnarvonshire

- of Harleigh Castle, Merionethshire -

- of Flint Castle -

- of D® -

- of Pentnaen Mawr, Carnarvonshire -

- of the Forest of Snowden, Carnarvonshire

- A perpetual Pension -

- For Procurations and Synodals

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D® of St. Asaph

Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer act . t, ui u irv 1

Westminster, Sir James Eyre, Knt -j A Fee HM Yearl>'

The Third Baron, Sir Rich4 Perryn, Bart Baron of Carnarvon Exchequer, vacant The Four Exchequer Messengers

D®

R‘ Hon. George Earl Cowper -

W" Danby, Esq.

Miss Georgiana Amelia Seymour

- D®

A Fee of ——

- An Annual Fee of 20s. each -

- For every Proclamation, 3 /. Coifes Ann.

- A perpetual Pension, granted 9th June, 6th W* &]

Mary, to Henry de Nassau, Seignor D* Auver- J querque, and his Heirs, Half Yearly

- D® - - D® - - D®

- D® - - D® - - D®

Sheriffs of the different Counties, Occasional Bills of Cravings, suppose -Receiver General, Occasional Incidental Charges, suppose likewise Taxes, at 4 s.in the Pound, amount Annually to about -

Arrears, Communibus Annis, many of which are good *

Vo l. 47.

11

N

964

25° M

A. 1792.’

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

A STATE of the Amount of the Rents of the Land Revenue in South JVlies, and County of Monmouth,

10th October 1790.

SOUTH WALES, AND COUNTY OF MONMOUTH.,) Fixed Annual Revenue. Casual Annual Revenue. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £. 4. d. £. s. a

Amount within the County of Cardigan - ' a fc — 281 12 9 290,12 gf

Carmarthen - - a - 691 4 10 10 701 4 10

Pembroke m m 1.161 5 6 i 7 1,168 5 64.

Brecon - - 258 15 3 192 4 — 450 19 3t

Radnor - - 154 15 2 i 1 16 5 156 11 7t

Glamorgan - m m 83 15 — - 83 15 "I

Monmouth - 201 2 5 I - 201 2 51

2,832 11 — 220 — 5 3,052 11 5

Comorthas, One Year with another, about -

s

Annual Balance against the Revenue, including good Arrears

8 11

7 613 10

Examined,

J. Fern-id,

Depty. Audr.

3,137 16 61

tl.

Twelfth Report

SOUTH WALES, AND COUNTY OF MONMOUTH.

i Auditor, Thomas Johnes, Esq.

TU

oi u

5°'}_ 5611

Sj IN. )1 ::

)’ II

HI!

RecT Gen' R‘ Hon. C. J. Fox

A Fee as Baron on the Audit -

Wages ——

An ancient Fee as Auditor -

D®, making out Precepts and Proclamations

E>°, ancient Allowance, called Auditor’s Scry.

Allowance for Audit Expences -

Messenger attending the Audit -

Conductor of the Audit -

Keeper of the Audit House.

Proclaimer of the Audit -

Woodward -

An Annual Fee of -

Wages -

Allowance for Audit Expences -Ancient Fees, called Collection Fees -A Fee for Precepts and Proclamations

Sheriffs of the Six Counties

Chamberlain and Chancellor,1 Herbert Lloyd, Esq. J

D°, Sir Charles Gould, Knt. -Prothonotary, and Clerk of the Crown, "1 Henry Mathias, Esq. - - -J

D®, John Eyre, Esq. -Attorney Gen‘, Sylvester Douglas, Esq. -D®, Thomas Caldecott, Esq. -Steward, R‘ Hon. Earl of Uxbridge D* - R* Hon. Earl of Oxford D®, - Thynne H. Gwynne, Esq. Governor, John Campbell, Esq.

Keeper -

Lord Bishop of St. David’s

D® -....

Lord Bishop of Llandaff Reverend Mr. James Birt Reverend Mr. Griffith Twining Reverend Mr. John Davis Reverend Mr. Edward Davies Vacant -

Reverend Mr. Daniel Jones -Reverend Thomas Handcock -Reverend Mr. T. Williams Reverend Mr. John Barker -Sir Beaumont Hotham, Knt. -Sir Alexr Thompson, Knt.

John Manners, Esq.

Elizth Johnes, Widow -

The Four Exchequer Messengers -

Thomas Smith -R* Hon. Earl Cowper, &c.

Poundage on modations

120/.

to exceed 20 /. per County, per Act 8 Geo. An ancient Fee of 5 /. each

Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Pembroke, Fee

Brecon, Radnor, Glamorgan,

Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan

Brecon, Radnor, Glamorgan, -

3d.

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan,

- Brecon, Radnor, Glamorgan, -

- of Pembroke, &c. -

- of Cantermellenith -of Penkelly -

- of Milford Haven, Pembrokesliire,

- of Ludlow Castle, Com. Salop -

- A perpetual Pension

- A triennial Visitation -

- For Procuration and Synodals -

- Proctor General of Llandalf *

- Vicar of Walton-East

- Vicar of Monmouth

- Preacher of Mouncton

- Preacher of Howicke

- Vicar of Strata Florida, a Stipend

- Curate of Ridbert Chapel - Salary

- Chanter of St. David’s, perpetual Pension -

- Master of Christ’s College, Cambridge, D® -

- Second Baron of the Exchequer atW estminster,

- Fourth Baron there, a Fee of -

8/. 8s. 10

Salary -D®

D®

Tallangharne, in the Co. of Carmarthen -

- The Rent of Cardigan Town Hall

- An ancient Annual Fee -

For every Proclamation, 3 /. Coibs Ann.

- A perpetual Pension, granted by Charles 1st

Receiver General, Occasional Incidental Expenses -

Sheriffs of the different Counties, Occasional Bills of Cravings, suppose

Taxes allowed, at 4 s. per Lib. Coibs Ann.

Arrears on the several Tenants, many of which are good, about -

Amount of Annual Charges. Fees and Wages.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

- 24 10 — 24 10 —

20 20

- 65 18 4 65 18 4

- 7 7

- 27 15 — 27 15 —

- 50

- 5 13 4 5 13 4

- 1 6 8 1 6 8

m — 6 8 — 6 8

- 4 — — 4 — —

- 70 7°

- 50 50

- 50

- 54 2 7* 54 2 71

- 7 2515 6 7 ~ - 1 25 15 6

1 J 6 — —

} 120 %

j 30 30

- 100; 100 — - —

- 100 loo — —

- 1768 17 6 8

9 — Q

- 5 4 — 5 4 —

- 8 9 4 894

- 150 . 150

- 100 100

- 1 6 8 168

- 26 13 4 2G 13 4

- Office abolished

- 585

2 16 3*

- 1 13 4

- > 2 2 —

- 10

23 C 8

- 2 568 2 ~ *

- 10 — --

- 6 13 4

ee 9° 3 4 00 3 4

- 6G 10 — G6 10 —

n -j 80

— 13 4 4

4 15 —

lei 2 —

rsj 800 —

j 19 18 6

- 29 5 —

- 527 5 6

292 6 1

£ 3,i37 16 6 s *1: .

Vol. 47.

1787

1785

1786

1787

1788

and to the 5th ' , April

'7*9_

Oto the* 10th

<Sr

1789

and

'790

fixed Revenue. Cuwd Revenue, including Fine*.

I1] £- * 52 £ i. d.

5* 1 *5 ( *7>'49 2 6 56 57 >8 J 3H 9 if

fc'l < 7

1 I - 2 / 20,3611610 j 3 4J 239 15 — f

51 6 $ 10,180 18 51 7 J S' 11 8

81 ? j 10,180 18 5J 170 18 11

!} 6,787 5 71 23 3 10f

:} 6,787 5 7j 1,487 4 3

j e,787 5 71 ] 1,147 19 8

j> 8,36a ia — 655 6 6 i

> 4,813 6 91 924 18 6 f ‘

j 101,409 11 11 5,005 6 7^ 10I

An ACCOUNT of the Produce and Expenditure

N° 20. B.

NORTH WALES.

of the Land Revenue in North Wales, for 30 Years, viz. from the 10th October 1760 to the 10th October 179°*

Total.

£ *. d.

27.463 u 7$

20.591 11 101

10,83a 10 1

10,351 17 4

6,810 8 5 8,274 9 10 Jj 7,935 5 4

9,017 18 7

Arrears.

5>4&6 6 71

5>737 s' 3i

4>977 10 3

15a 7 4

106,414 18 7

Compounded for with Commrt. of Land Revenue

Examined,

J. JFewvoich, Dpty. Audr.

29^719 *6 10 62 ——

*9.657 16 10

Taxes. Neat Revenue received, including Arrears. I Fines received.

£ t. d. £ *. d. £. s. d.

0 4,074 17 _ 17,819 8 91 40

2,301 18 — 12,768 7 3 J 35

1 1,138 3 9i 5,719 10 1

1 1,603 13 3 6,761 6 5 f - J

i 833 19 6 3>46o 9 5 .

1 751 16 6 3,324 14 51 1,150 I

<D i-» OO 3,732 6 6 f 740

721 10 6 3,3i8 17 9 f

919 19 1 4,664 18 10 £ " — 1 t

13,160 2 — £ < >1,569 19 8£ ',965 I

Total received.

£. *. d.

17,859 8 9 J

DISCHARGE.

5,719 10 1

6,761 6 5 J

3,460 9 5 4,474 14 5 i

3,318 17 91

4,664 18 vo f

J 63,534 19 H

1761

1762

1763

1764

1765

1766

1767

1768

1769

1770

1771

1772

1773

1774

1775

1776

1778

1779

1781

1782

1783

1787I

1788

and to the 5*h

April

1789

to the^j 10th October

1789

and

1790 £.

Fee*, Wage*, Salaries, Stipends, paid. A Perpetual Pension to the late Earl of Grantham's Heirs.

} £.t. d. £. s. d.

/ 6,874 15 7 f J 9,600 — —

/ 5,969 5 7,200

4, Hi 15 8 £ 1,200

3,36o 4 gf 3,600 — — . %

2,067 11 51 300 — — ,

2,162 5 51 1,200

| 2,109 12 — £ 2,600 — —

3,676 18 6J i>6oo

2,465 17 7 goo

31,828 2 8 28,200 — . — fjt

Fine* paid, to whom, and where. I Total paid.

£. t. d.

40 ——

£. t. d.

Into the Ex-1| ,

chequer. A 6 5 71

35 ----- --- Into the Ex-'lj 13,204 1 5

chequer. /1 943 1

1,150. To the] Receiver Ge- Li neral - -J I 740. To the

5,341 15 8{

6,960 4 91 2,367 11 51

3,363 5 5

- 5$

Oi

C>

Memorandums.

SrL. S. Cottony Bar*, the Rec'G1 hav* paid £.1,528. 6s. i£ d. in Aid of the Revenue of the County of Chester, and the Balance of this Acco* being only £.943.19*. 0$ d.

to

Or

Receiver Ge-m 4,709 12 — neral - -J

4,276 18 6 1,010 — . 81

3,365 17 7

75 ——

62,057 2 45

Balance in the Hands of Edivd.Moore, Esq'. £.178 16 — }\ _ 1

D° in the Hands of John Griffith, Esqr. - - 1,299 3 J ’ - _________

I 63,534 19 84

the Lords of the Treasury were pleased to issue their Warrant for repaying the Surplus of £.584. 7s. id. to his Executors, out of the Revenue of England.

Applied to the Aid of the Revenue of Chester.

Edvs. Moorey Esq. Rec^Gen1, Balance of this Acco* £. 178. 16. o|. he has applied in Aid of the Revenue, df.135. 4. 9. Remains in his Hands £.43. 11. 3£.

Glynn Wynne, Esq*. Rec'Gen1, having paid the Sum of £. 1,180. i8j. 10d. in Aid of the Revenue of the County of Chester, and the Balance against him being only £.1,010. 8 {d. the Lords of the Treasury have been pleased to direct their Warr1 to the present Rec* Gen1 to repay him the Surplus of£.170. 18. if.

Applied to the Aid of the Revenue of Chester.

John Griffith, Esq". Receiver -J Gen'. <2

to

SOUTH L E S.

t-1

<5

AN ACCOUNT of the Produce and Expenditure of the Land Revenue in South Wales, and the County of for 30 Years; viz. from the 10th October 1760 to the 10th of October 1790.

r

Fixed Revenue. Casual Revenue,

including Fines.

1761 *1 1762 J £. 5. d. £. j. rf.

6,680 6 — 1 220 8 2

»7e31

17641 17651 13,36012 1 537 7 11i

1766 !

17671

1768 1. 1769 I 13,360 12- 1 422, 10 5{

1770 J

i77n 431 9 —

1772 10,020 9 —

1773 J

M 1774 1

O *775 1 w 1776 1 1777 J 13,360 12 1 694 1® 2 r

1778 1 1779 r 757 8 6

10,020 9 — J

1780 J #

17811 1782 j 6,680 6 — ± 437 7 4 £

17831 >7».J 1 CO 0 00 CO CO 497 9 9 1

1785 1 1786 j 6,680 6 29! 15*3 X

1787 I

1788 ‘789 1790 J > n,778 6 9 i 7,412 19 11 J

, 98,622 5 3| 11,684 8 8

OQ

Total

CHARGE.

--- „

Arrears.

£. s.1 d. 6,90014 ji

13,898 — i

13.783 61

10,441 18 1

Taxes.

£. t. d.

2,105 18 71

2,433 15 1

1,585 — 8 |

207 8 1

14,055 4 3

10,777 17

7,107 13 5 7,177 15 10 6,973 1 3

19,191 6 8$

110,306^13 11J

106 — 8 1

286 6 44

1,016 15 2$

7,741 4 81

£. s. d. 924 12 6

1,181 6 —

1,924 7 6 1,658 11 9

2,202 12* 2 |

2,034 10 5

1,346 1 3

1,147 15 8

i,39g — 7

2,109 —

16,924 19 10 i

Examined,

J. Fenvcick,

Dep^ Aiuir.

Neat Revenue received, including Arrears. Fines, &c. received.

£. s. d. £. S. d.

3,870 3 1 i -

9,282 l8 11 \ -

10,273 14 3 i -

8,575 18 3 i -

11,546 11 4 200

8,935 8 2 4OO

5,731 9 9 i 136

4,845 15 ii 210

5,907 10 1 -

9,i35 — 1 r 6,600

78,094 9 4 i 1 1

Total received.

£, d. 3,870 3 1 i

9,282 18 11 i

10,273 14 3 J 8,575 18 3

11,746 11 4 J

9,335 8 2 J

5,857 9 91 5,055 15 1 i

5,907 10 1

15,735 — 1 I

r~

DISCHARGE.

85,640 9 4i

1761 1

1762 J

1763 1

1764 I

1765 I

1766 J

1767 1

1768 1

1769

1770 J

1771 "I

1772 V

1773 J

1774 1

1775 I

1776 |

1777 J

1778 1

1779 >

1780 J

1781 -1 1782]

1783 \

1784 /

1785 1

1786 j

1787.]

1788 I

1789 I

1790 J

Paid*

Fees, Wages, Salaries, Stipends, &i. c.

£. s. d.

3,356 15 3

6,333 1 11

7,568 10 10 5,460 6 1 j

7,618 12 —

5, H9 7 11 j

2,979 15 11 2,811 17 11 2,674 2 9

6,868 19 —

A Perpetual Pension to the late Earl a£ Grantham's Heirs.

£. S. d.

1,600 ----- -~

3,200 ——

3,200 ——

2,400 ——

3,200 ——

2,400 ——

1.600 — —

1.600 — —

1.600 ——

Fines, fice.*and to whom, or where paid.

Total paid.

200 ----- -Into the Exchequer.

400 — — Into the Exchequer.

£.136 to the Receiver] General, and paid to the Public - J

210 ----- John Pitty Esq.r I

Surveyor of the Woods -J

3,200 ___ — G, Goo ----- -John Robinson

I Esqr. Surveyor J

I of the WToods.J

24,000 ----- ---1 7,410 ——

50,821 9 8 £

In the Hands of

Charles James From which if the late Lord Holland's I

Surplus be taken It will leave the Balance of

die Right Honourable j £.4;524 ,g 2

1,115 19

£. 5. d.

*956 15 3 \

9»533 1 11

10,768 10 10 7,860 6 1J

11,018 12 —

7)949 7 *4

4)579 15 n

4,621 17 11 . 4)274 2 9

16,668 19 —

El

82,231 9 81

3.408 19 8

85,640 9 4 i

00

to

o

w

o

The late R* Honb,e Henry Lord Hollandy deceased, Receiver General, to 10th Oct. 1773, has overpaid this Acco1 £.1,115. 195. 6Jd.

The Rl Honbit Cha* Jas Fox, the resent Receiver General, has in is Hands at the Close of this Account, 10th October 1790. £.4,524. 19s. 2 \d.

to

'Or

o

MO _

r? H

g 5 n r=r ' 2 *

co

o>

25° Man.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

v___________l

N° 21.

WILLIAM and Mary, by the Grace of God, King and Queen of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Defenders of the Faith, &c. To all to whom these P'sents shall come, or may in anywise concern, Greeting: Know yee that wee, in Consideracon of the many good and faithful Services performed unto us by our R‘ trusty and well beloved Henry de Nassau Seignior D' Avcrquer, of our espiall Grace, certain Knowledge,

and meer Mocon, have given and granted, and by these P'sents for us, our Heirs and Successors, doe give and grant unto the said Henry de Nassau and his Heirs, a Yearly Rent or Payment of Eight hundred Pounds of lawful English Money, to be issuing and payable out of all and singular the Castles, Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Profits, Revenues, and Hereditam1* w'soever, belonging unto us, our Heirs and Successors, in R* of our Crowne of England, within the Counties of Pembr, Carmarthen, Cardigan, Brecon, Radnor, Glamorgan, and the Towne and County of which

are Part of our Dominion and Principalitie ot Wales, and usually called South Wales; and for the Consi-deracons aforesaid, wee have further given and granted, and by these P'sents for us, our Heirs and Successors, doc give and grant unto the said Henry de Nassau and his Heirs, a further Yearly Rent, Paym*, or Sume of Twelve hundred Pounds of lawful English Money, to be issuing and payable out of all other our Castles, Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Profits, Revenues, and Hereditam" w'soever, belonging unto us, our Heirs and Successors as aforesaid, within our Dominion and Principalitie of Wales, in y* Part coihonly called North JValts, which comprehends y* Counties of Anglesey, Carnarvon, Merioneth, Denbigh, Flinte, and Montgomery, to have, hold, receive, take, and enjoy the said several Yearly Rents or Sums of 8oo/. and 1,20 ol.and every Part thereof, unto the said Henry de Nassau, his Heirs and Assigns, to y' only Use and Be-hoofe of ye said Henry de Nassau, and of his Heirs and Assignes for ever, the same to be payable and paid at Two of y' most usual Feasts or Tearms in the Yeare, that is to say, yc Feasts of St. y* Archangell,

and y* Annuncacon of ye' Blessed Virgin Mary, by even and equal Portions, the First Paym' thereof to begin and be made at yc Feast of St. y' Arch-

Angell now next comeing after the Date hereof; and wee doe hereby for us, our Heirs and Successors, authorize, direct, require, and coiiiand the Receiver of us, our Heirs and Successors, of and for the said Revenues in South Wales, now and for y* Tyme being, to pay or cause to be paid unto y' said Henry de Nassau, his Heirs and Assigns, yc said Yearly Rent, Paym*, or Sume of 8oo/. at such Tymes and in such Manner as y* same shall become due, according to our Pleasure hereinbefore declared, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in y' Behalfe: And wee doe hereby further, for us, our Heirs and Successors, authorize, direct, require, and cornand y* Receiver of us, our Heires and Successors, of and for y* said Revenues in North Wales now and for the Tyme being, to pay or cause to be paid unto y* said Henry de Nassau, his Heirs and Assignes, y' said Yearly Rent, Paym', or Sume of 1,200 /. at such Tymes and in such Manner as y* same shall become due, according to our Pleasure hereinbefore declared, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that

A. 1792.

Behalfe; and these our LSrs Patents, or ye Exemplifi-cScon or Inrollment thereof, together with y* Acq* Or Acquitances of y* said Hentyde Nassau, his Heirs or Al-signes, witnessing his or their Receipt of any Sume Or Sumes of Money in pursuance of this our Grant, shalt be good and sufficient Discharges to the severall and respective Receivers aforesaid for. y* same; and such Paym' shall be allowed upon the respective Account and Acct‘ of y* severall and respective Receivers paying the same, without any further or other Warr* or Authority to be had or obtained from us, our Heirs or Successors: And our further Will and Pleasure is, and wCe doe hereby for us, our Heirs and Successors, direct, authorize, and coinand the Com" of our Treasury, Chanc' and under Trear of the Excheq' now being, and ye Trear or Com" of the Treary, Chanc' and Under Trear of the Excheq* for the Time being, and all other Officers and Ministers of us, our Heirs and Successors, to whom it doth or shall appertyne, from Tyme to Tyme, at the Request and Requests of the said Henry Nassau, his Heires and Assignes, to doe or cause to be done any Acts, Matters, or Things for the due and just Paym" of y* said severall Annual Rents or Sumes of Eight hundred Pounds and Twelve hundred Pounds, either by issuing out Warrants or Orders to y* respective Receivers of the Revenues aforesaid, now and for y* Tyme being, or by leavying Tallyes or otherwise, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalfe: And further wee doe hereby declare our Will and Pleasure to be, that if the Revenues, Rents, or Profits aforesaid shall at any Tyme or Tymes be paid into the Receipt of y* Excheq', w hereby y* said severall Yearly Rents or Sums of 8oo/. and 1,200l. or either of them respectively, shall be unpaid and in Arrear, contrary to our said Royal Intencon, then, and in all and every such Cases, ye Arrearages of y* said several and respective Yearly Rents or Sumes shall and may be satisfied and paid out of y* Monies which shall be in y* said Receipt of y* Excheq' of the Revenues aforesaid: And wee do hereby authorize and comand y* Com" of our Treary, Trear, Chanc', and Under Trear, Chamberlains, Barons, and all other Officers & Minist" of y# said Excheq', and of ye Receipt there, now and for ye Tyme being, in all such Cases, to cause such Arrearages of y* said severall Yearly Rents or Sumes to be paid accordingly, out of such Monies as aforesaid: For the doeing and performing whereof, and of every other Act and Thing conducing to ye more effectual Execucon of our Will and Pleasure hereinbefore declared, these our Letters Patents, or y‘ Inroll" thereof, shall be unto them and every of them, and all other Persons concerned respectively, a sufficient Warr' and Discharge. In Witness w-hereof we have caused these our Lfes to be made Patents. Witness ourselves at Westminster, the Ninth Day of June, in the Sixth Yeare of our Reigne.

By Writ of Privy Seale,

Pigott.

t

N° 22.

A STATE of the Amount of the estimated Yearly Value of the demised Land Revenue of the Crown in each T* the VaiH1! County in England and Wales, and of the reserved Rents payable to the Crown for the same, at Michaelmas Revenue. 1786; and also of the increased Rents reserved to commence at subsequent Periods; with an Account showing '

the Amount of the Yearly Value of the Estates which will Annually fall into Hand on the Expiration of the Leases thereof, distinguishing Houses from Lands.

ENGLAND:

C 0 U N T I E S. Estimated Yearly Value of Estates. Amount of Reserved Rents.

1 Bedfordshire £. s. d. 538 10 1 i £. 5. d. 38 611

Berkshire L409 9 — 250 12 11 -!

Buckinghamshire - - - 791 11 — 85 12 7

Cumberland - 296 4 8 4 63 7 8

Cheshire 984 12 4 4 249 3 7

Cornwall 9°5 15 3 127 8 7

Cambridgeshire - - - 5*7 2 8* 104 8 44

Dorsetshire - - - " - - - 5*9 6 4 53 1* 4

Devonshire 423 10 14 62 1 7

Durham - - - 577 77 14 6

Derbyshire 720 7 2 53 1 6

Essex 2,968 16 5 327 6 94

Gloucestershire - - - - 281 5 5 f 78

Herefordshire - - - 1834 3 18 -

Hertfordshire - 363 — ip 4 275 8 64

Huntingdonshire " a» * 1 - - 501 10 5 59 14 *

Alderney - - - - 11616 7J — 13 ~

Man - - - 5 9 4 2 13 4

Kent - - - 4>583 2 104 336 6 11

Leicestershire 6 15 6

Lincolnshire - 3,58o 5 *04 568 1 84

Lancaster 426 13 41 82 16 —

Middlesex - - - 61,205 1 11 i 5,118 1 11 4

Nottingham - - *- - - - . 582 15 8\ *57 3 5t

Northumberland - - - - 847 11 10 36 15 6

Norfolk - - - *,055 17 9 $ 118 — 14

N orthamptonshire - - - - 525 *0 4* 174 4 *

Oxfordshire - 460 4 6 140 8 —

Rutland - - - Nil. Nil.

Sussex - 152 10 4 46 17 10

Suffolk - 400 88 14 —

Shropshire * - - - - 45 5 4 37 5 4

Somersetshire - - - - 50 14 2 —

Staffordshire - —

Southampton - 674 3 4 183 1 l-f

Surrey - 6,969 18 24 629 8 14

W arwickshire 727 *9 10 1 156 — 3

Wiltshire 53* 8 — 108 19 4

Westmorland - - - 379 8 4i 1

Worcestershire - - . - - - 450 18 10 77 3 4

Yorkshire - - - 4,942 4 7 670 19 4

England - - £. 100,529 12 54 10,664 14 4 4

WALES: ' Anglesey - - -- -- £. *. d. 173 17 2 £. s. d. 45 *0 3 4-

i Carnarvonshire j - *4 7 T 21 — 5 4-

£ Merioneth - - - 2 13 4

Flintshire - -- -- - 2 3

5 Denbighshire ----- --- 258 3 *0 73 — 4

Montgomeryshire (included in Denbigh) ——

" Cardiganshire ----- -- 74 3 5 62' 18 8

2 Carmarthenshire - - 32 211 32 1 6

Si Pembrokeshire - - 11 6 8 1668

Brecon ----- --- 563 *5 1 216 7 4

Radnorshire - 82 13 — 28 9 5

4 Glamorganshire ----- -- — 1 —

Monmouthshire - 75 16 — 32 15 7

£. 1,287 ‘9 2 4 534 3 7

Total - - £. 101,817 11 8 11,198 17 114

besides Mines, and other Property, of uncertain Yearly Value.

Vol. 47.

970

25° Mail

A. 1792

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

Brou:

iuent forward Amount of reserved Rents payable in the! Year 1786 ----- -- -J

Amount of increased Rents reserved on Leases from the Crown, to take Place after the Year 1786; viz.

Rents commencing in the Year 1787 -

1788 -

1789 -

1790 -

1791 -

1792 -

1793 -

1794 -

1795 -1796-

*797 *

1798 -

1799

1800 -

1801 -

1802 -

1803 -

1804 -

1805 -

1806 -

1807 -

1808 -

1809 -

1810 -

1811 -

1812 -

1813 -

1814 -

1815 -

1816 -

1817 -

1819 -

1820 -1822 -1834 -

£.s. d. 43 M 38 18 4 200 8 —

33 19 ~

57 11 8

42 7 11 22 4 2

88 19 91 132 7 7

69 5 5

12 15 7

179 3 1 i

11 6 —

64 17 6 * 13 *7 6 101 4 3 252 5 4 160 15 — 67 6 —

30 17 —

195 1.5 — 59 J3 4 115 —

32 ——

195 17 6

29 ——

g 10 — 24 5 —

19 3 4

113 4 2 1 15 — 462 28 15 —

21 2 6

3 12 6

£. s. d. 11,198 17 n i

2,463 8 6

13.662 6 5*

S T A T E of tha estimated Yearly Value of Houses and Lands held under Leases fro* the Crown,

which will expire in the several Years following; viz.

Twelfth Repoit oil the Laud Revenue.

Leases expired or expiring in the Year Leases expiring in - -

HOUSES.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

1792 m - L599 3 10 L947 15 7

1793 m - »7 6 — 156 16 10

1794 - - 46 2 5 525 8 10 i

1795 - - 126 — — 106 1 5

1796 - - 185 1 — 333 —

1797 - - 154 — — 9° 13 9

1798 - - 305 — — 402 14

*799 - - 234 — — 579 7 10

1800 - - 454 3 4 1,048 — 1

1801 - - 42 — — 1,065 17 9

1802 - - 558 10 — 1,260 13 8 i

1803 - - 476 — — 1,627 14 10 f

1804 - - 465 — — 2,918 2 3 i

1805 - - 1,067 — — 1,821 11 l

1806 - - 314 — — 1,130 16 2

1807 - - 3,721 — — 1,776 11 1

1808 - - 572 — — 1,11.7 5 10 *

1809 - - 1,090 — — 702 11 4

1810 - - 568 — — 2,37i 12 3

1811 - - 513 — — 2,624 *5

1812 - 457 — — 641 6 6

1813 - - 840 — — 2,646 *4 8

1814 - - 2,690 13 4 3,463 1 6 $

1815 - - 3,159 6 8 1,594 2 8

1816 - - 1,092 J 5 — 2,264 1 1

1817 - mm >,383 — —

1818 - - 567 — —

1819 - - 4.242 — —

1820 - - 2.895 — —

1821 - 2,214 — —

1822 - - 2,284 — —

1823 - - 2,844 12 —

1824 - - 2,592 — —

1825 - - 605 —

1826 - - 1,408 — — . 1 5 .

1827 - - 1,667 17 6

1828 - - 3,793 2 — 14 2 —

1829 - - 2,450 — —

1830 - - 474 — —

1831 - - 1,988 — —

1832 - - 1,238 — — 1,400 —

1833 - - 3, H9 — —

*834 - - 4,417 17 6

*835 - - 2,236 10 —

1836 - - 3 — —

1839 - - 500 — — -

1841 - - 232 5 6

1863 - - - 116 16 7

1832 - - - - 1,400 —

2771 - - - - 26 13 4

b for Lives - - - 2,458 5 1 i

LANDS.

Wm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

Vo i. 47.

ii P

7i% H

f Ch ~ Z

S Sr JL

B <* — »

g rS-§ ps

O- "t?

o

N° 23.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies paid into the Exchequer, for Fines of Leases, Grants in Fee, or Rents of any Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown, from the Accession of His present Majesty to the End of the Year 1786; distinguishing the Amount in each Year under those separate Heads, and stating what Part thereof has been carried to the Aggregate Fund, and under what Head, the Rent of 1,200l. per Annum, for Manors and Alum Works of Mulgrave and Seaton in Yorkshire, is paid and applied.

o

to’

n'

CD

Cl

cr

CD

o

FT

From 25th October 1760 to 31st Dece

From 1st January 1761 to - - D°

From - D° m 1762 to - - D*

From - D° - 1763 to - I)*

From - D* m 1764 to - D*

From m D* 1765 to - - D*

From - D° 1766 to - - D°

From - D* 1767’ to - - D*

From D° - 1768 to - - D°

From - D* 1769 to - - D°

From D# 1770 to - D*

From - D° - 1771 to - - D«

From - D* 1772 to - - D*

From - D° - 1773 to m - D°

From - D* 1774 to m - D*

From - D* 1775 to m - D°

From D* 1776 to - - D*

From - D° m 1777 to - - D°

From - D* 1778 to - - D°

From - D* - 1779 to - - D#

From - - D* - 1780 to - - D°

From - D* 1781 to - - D*

From - D# . 1782 to - - D#

From D* 1783 to - - D*

From - D* 1 784 to - - D*

From - D* . 1785 to - - D*

From - D* m 1786 to - - D*

Fines of Leases. Fin^s of Grants. Rent of Lands. Sale of Woods. Rent of Alum Mines. Rent frf Savoy Lands.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. sd.

- - - - 400

- - - 5,43i 6 1 $ - 473 11 1 - mm 960

- - m - 4,951 - - 960

- - - - 5,337 - 960

- - - - - 5,085 - 1,710 960

- - - - 15,184 3,160 15 — 960

- - 8,251 - 960

- m - " 6,885 - 960

- - m - 4,080 - 960

- - - 2,056 - 960

- - - " " 9»677 - 960

- - " 7,029 - 170 3 4 960

- - - - 4,996 - 15 8 — 960 46 6 8

- - " 6,570 6 8 100 - - 960 6 5 9

- - - " 1,263 - 960

- - - m - - - 960

- - m 4,792 1 1 0 to 960

- - " 4,624 11 8 - 960

- " - " 2,993 - 960 '

- " u,554 - 960

" " 204 - 960

- - " " 690 - 960

« - 2,000 - 960

- " - " 2,080 - 960

- " - " 6,081 16 — - 960

« " 6,212 17 3 - - 960 1 13 4

' m 6,073 15 4 a 960

£. 134,501 13 — ! 4,020 15 — 659 2 5 1,710 24,960 54 5 9

JO

Oi

o

o* .

Exchequer, the 21st Day of May 1792.

The Fines of Leases, Fines of Grants, Rent of Lands, Sale of Woods, and Rent of Alum Mines, were all carried to the Aggregate Fund. The Rent of Savoy Lands was unappropriated Money, and still remains in the Exchequer.

James Fisher.

32 Geo. III.

25° Mail

973

TVetfth Report on the Land Revenue.

N* 24.

An ACCOUNT of the several Appointments in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lanls, and of the Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments, received from the Public or Individuals, by the Surveyor

9

General, and the Clerks and Officers in his Department; and also of all Incidental Charges paid by the Crown relative to the said Office.

APPOINTMENTS.

The Office of Surveyor General has been usually granted by Letters Patent during Pleasure. The Surveyor General appoints such Clerks and Assistants as he thinks necessary; and their Appointments are held during his Pleasure. — The ordinary Establishment of the Office consists of

The Surveyor General, Now vacant.

A Deputy, or Principal Clerk, William Harrison.

And One other Clerk, William Hollister.

Since the Death of the late Surveyor General, in January 1791, the Lords of the Treasury have appointed Mr. Harrison to transact the Business of the Office, during the Vacancy.

SALARIES, Fees, and Emoluments of the Surveyor General.

Gross Sums. Deductions for Fee* and Taxes. Net Sums received.

£. s. d. £. s. £. s. d.

''His Patent Fee, or Salary - 800 I

A Yearly Allowance expressed to be " for'* " his extraordinary Service, Travelling \ " Charges, and all other Expences incident to the Execution of his Office \ > 200 — . > 191 12 — 808 8 —

From N. B. The above Sums are paid at the Exchequer.

the I Public. A Yearly Allowance to the Surveyor Ge-' neral, to be paid to his Clerks, expressed to be " for their additional Trouble, by " Reason of the Abolition of the late " Office of Register of the Crown Lands, " and annexing the same to the Office " of Surveyor General." — Paid out of the Land Revenue - > 100 — 1 0 pH 89 11 —

A House and Ground at Windsor, now let for - 65 n — 5 7 8 60 3 4

Carried over - £. 1,165 " — OO OO N O 958 2 4

V01. 47.

Fees

974

25° Mail

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

From Individuals.

Fees for proceeding on Crown Leases; viz.

over

£. d.

5 5 —

2 2 —

5 5 —

1 1 —

Gross Sums.

1,165

s. 11

d.

on a Petition or Memorial re- J-ferred from the Treasury -For making out a Constat for a Lease -

For rating a Constat or Particular For entering a Docquet of a Lease N. B.When Two or more Estates s are comprised in One Lease, and granted for different Term^ or under separate Rents, double Fees, or more, are charged for the Proceedings for such Leases.

For entering a Docquet of an As-7 __

signment of a Lease - -/

For a Warrant for felling Timber! __

for Repairs - - -J

Average Yearly Amount of those Fees for Twenty Years -

574 18 10

£. 1,740 9 10

Deductions for Fees and Taxes.

£. s. d. 207 8 8

207 8 8

Net Sums received.

£. s.

958 2 4

574 18 10

i,533

Incidental Charges paid by the Crown, relative to the said Office.

House Rent and Taxes for an Office, Yearly ——

Allowance for an Office-Keeper -

Stationery Wares. — A stated Quantity Annually supplied by the Hereditary Chief Usher of] the Exchequer, Value about - -- - -J

Coals, Wood, Candles, and other petty Disbursements, for Necessaries for the Office, on aii| Average of Ten Years last past - ----- ---- -J

Searches, and Copies of Records, Cloth and Rollers for Plans, &c. D° - -

Surveys, Plans, and Valuations of Houses and Lands, L)" -

IV. B.Surveys taken on granting or renewing Leases are commonly paid for by the

Lessees, and re-paid to them by an Abatement from the Fines. — The foregoing Article includes only such Surveys as have not been paid for in that Mode.

£. s. d.

96 9 2

24 5 —

3 —

15 4 8

1 12 2

13 12 2

170 6 2

SALARIES, Fees, and Emoluments, of the Clerks in the said Office.

The Deputy or Principal Clerk.

Of the Allowance of 89/. n$. before stated, 40/. was appointed by the Surveyor General fori the Salary of the Junior Clerk, and the Remainder as Part of the Payment to the principal > Clerk - -- -- - - -- - _J

A further Salary received from the late Surveyor General ----- -.

Fees for passing Crown Leases through the several Offices, 10/. 10$. for each Lease: The"!

Average Yearly Amount for Eight Years - -- -- - -j

For every Search in the Office, 6#. 8 d.and for Copies, per Sheet: The Average Yearly!

Amount not exceeding - -- -J

Apartments in the Office, with Part of the Coals and Candles, and the Advantage of appointing! his Servant as the Office-Keeper, worth together about ----- - -j

£. s. d. 49 11 —

200 ——

135 3 9

90 ——

The Junior Clerk.

The Salary appointed by the Surveyor General, as above mentioned To which Mr. Harrison has for several Years made an Addition of

£. 479 14 9

£. d. £. s. d.

40 — —

40 — — 80

rrz3

Surveyor General’s Office, April 10th, 1792.

This is a true Account,

JVm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

32 Geo. III.

25° Maii.

975

N* 25. A.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

A S T A T E of the Appointments in the Office of James West, Esq. with the Salaries, Fees, and Allowances or Emoluments, received from the Public or Individuals, by the Auditor, Deputy, Clerks, and other Officers under him, for any Business concerning the Land Revenue.

STATE of APPOINTMENTS.

James West, Esq. by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, is appointed One of the Auditors of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer during the Term of his natural Life; and is thereby authorized to execute the same by such sufficient Deputy as he shall appoint, from Time to Time; and to take and receive all Wages, Fees, Diets, Rewards, Salaries, Allowances, Profits, Perquisites, Edifices, Preheminences, and Advantages whatsoever to the said Office belonging; and hath thereby granted to him the Yearly Salary of 100l. payable from the Receipt of the Exchequer.

The Auditor hath appointed a Deputy and Five Clerks under him.

There is also a Messenger belonging to the Office, who is appointed by the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Household, at the Nomination of the Auditor.

A S T A T E of the Salaries Annually received by the said Officers from the Public.

£.s. £. s. d

To the Auditor the above Salary of-- - - -- From which are deducted, for Fees paid at the Exchequer on the Receiptj thereof, and for Land Tax - - -J To his Deputy and Clerks - -- 100 28 15 — 7i 5 ~ Nil.

To the Messenger ----- ----- - 35 13 4

£. 106 18 4

You 47-

11 Q

Twelfth tteport on the Land -Kevemie* v__________ J

916 25° Mail. A. 1792.

A S T A T E of the Allowances, Fees, or Emoluments, received by the said Officers from the Public.

Manor and Bailiwick of St James

Essex, Hertford, Middlesex! and London - - \

ANNUAL.

Norfolk and Hunting00 |

Somerset, Doset, Devon,/ and Cornwall - - t

Lancaster, Westmorland, Cumberland, York, Durham, Northumberland, and Richmond

South'ton, Wilts, and Glou-f cester - -

Suffolk, Cambridge, Bed-[ ford, and Bucks -

Discharge, Yearly Engrossing Account per Ann.

Auditors Scrys. and Quietu: Collection, per Ann. - -

Serv. Fee, 2 s.-

Precepts and Proclamatk

Ancient Scrys. per Ann. Precepts and Proclamatic

Ancient Scrys. per Ann.

Oxford, Berks, Honor and Castle of Windsor - -

Hereford, Salop, Stafford, f and Worcester - -

Kent, Surrey, Sussex, North’ton, and Rutland'

Warwick and Leicester

Savoy Hospital

Manor of Cookham -

Manor of Bray -

Honor of Ewelme

Honor and Manor of / Hampton Court -

Woodward’s Accompts -

Lord Warden of New Forest -

Ancient Scrys. per Ann.

Precepts and Proclamations, D*

Ancient Scrys. per Ann.

Precepts and Proclamations, D*

Ancient Scrys. and Auditor’s Fee, per Ann. - .

Precepts and Proclamations, per.

Ancient Scrys. and Auditor’s Fees, per Ann.

Precepts and Proclamations, per Ann

Ancient Scrys. per Ann.

Precepts and Proclamations, and Auditor’s Fees, per Ann.

Ancient Scrys. and Auditor’s Fees, per Ann. -Precepts and Proclamations, per Ann. -

Ancient Scrys. per Ann.

Precepts and Proclamations, D*

Stating and examining Receiver's Accounts and Vouchers, per Ann. Engrossing Accompt, D°, and attending Declaration -

Auditor’s Scrys. per Ann.

- - D*....

- - D°....

Lady Guildford, Steward, making up Account, per Ann.

Stating and examining the Voucher's Annual Account -Engrossing the same, and attending the Declaration -

Stating and examining the Account, and Vouchers, Annual Engrossing the same, and attending the Declaration -

Auditor.

£. s. d.

io 5 —

— I

»7 7 8

i. 3 <3 8

l 8

i. 3 6 8

io 13 11

1. 8 — "

1 4

22 —

5 8 8

8 — "

23 — —

1. 4 —

16 13 1

4 — —

17 14 8

20 — —

8 6 —

12 — —

12 9 4

4 — " -

6 10 —

- -

1 '3 4

1 13 4

1 2 6i

1 6 8

4 — —

- -

6 — —

1 10

236 19 6*

Deputy.

£. s. d.

3 ——

First Clerk.

£. s. d.

i 1 —

Second Clerk,

£. S. d.

0 —

4 4 —

l I —

I —

4 4

i.i io

l i

l i —

4 8

32 Geo. III.

25°

Mail.

977

Surveyor General Woods

Incidental

of thef

CASUAL

Stating and examining the Vouchers of each Account, amounting

to

:h Account, i, OOo/. and upwards Under that Sum -Two Copies of the State, for the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Surveyor General Engrossing the Account, and attending the ‘Declaration -Entering each Sign Manual for the Fall of Timber -Entering Treasury Warrant thereon Entering each Estimate of Works to be done -Entering each Navy Bill

These Fees Annually amount,')

Coibz Annis - - -J121

Auditor.

£. s. d.

6 ——

4 ——

1 10

l 6 8

— 13 4

Issuing a Debenture on any Receiver by virtue of a Warrant from the Lords of the Treasury, Three Pence in the Pound on the Amount thereof ----- which Annually amount, Coibz") Annis, to - - - -J

13 4 3 4

13 4

Deputy.

£. s. d.

4 4

- 7 8

— 310

— 310

— 3 10

67

The Whole 88 10 —

10

First Clerk.

£. s. d.

1 —

— 31°

— Ill

— 1

— 1

11

11

Second Clerk.

Twelfth Repc on the Land Revenue.

£. s. d.

1 1 —

3 10 1 11

— 111

— 111

18 16 5

lS 16 5

A STATE of the Allowances, Fees, or Emoluments received by the said Officers from Individuals.

Manor and Bailiwick of St. James -

Essex, Hertford, Middle^ sex, and London

Norfolk and Huntingdon -

Somerset, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall

Lancaster, Westmorland, Cumberland, York, J Durham, Northmnber- land, and Richmond -

Southampton,

Gloucester

Wilts, and;

Suffolk, Cambridge, Bed-f ford, and Bucks - -1

Oxford, Berks, Honor and Castle of W indsor

Auditor. Deputy. First Clerk. Second Clerk.

ANNUAL.

Debit and Quietus Fees Stating and examining Receivers Account, and Vouchers Engrossing Account, and attending £. s. 1168 5 3 4 £. s.d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Declaration -Pension Debenture Fees Debit and Quietus Fees Stating, examining, and engrossing Receivers Accounts and Vouchers Pension Debenture Fees 3 10 2 26 8 — 4 3 4 1 2 — 5 5 — 1 6 3 163

Stating and engrossing Account, and

attending Declaration Pension Debenture Fees Debit and Quietus Fees Stating and examining Receivers Accounts, and Vouchers Engrossing Account and attending m m 872 — 148 10 2 10 — — 15 9 — 15 9

Declaration -Pension Debenture Fees Debit and Quietus Fees 10 10 4 — 14 8 6 6 — 111 6 in 6

Stating and engrossing Account, and

attending Declaration Pension Debenture Fees 324 2 10 — — 106 — 10 6

Stating and engrossing Account, and

attending Declaration Pension and Debenture Fees -Debit and Quietus Fees 4 6- — 148 4 4 — 1 1 — 1 1 —

Stating and engrossing Account, and

attending Declaration Pension Debenture Fees Debit and Quietus Fees 3 1 8 1 16 8 4 4 — 1 1 — 1 1 — .

Carried forward - £. 94 11 8 24 19 — 6 6 — 6 6 —

Vol. 47.

Twelfth Report the Lind Revenue.

Hereford, Salop, Stafford,! and Worcester - -j

Kent, Surrey, Sussex, North’ton and Rutland

Warwick and Leicester

Auditor.

Isle of Wight

Keeper of His Majesty’s! Piers, Cranes, &c. in! the Island of Portland J

Mooring Chains in the River Thames between Bugby’s Hole and London Bridge, Surrey

Lead Mines in Grinton,' Whitaside, Harkaside, and [’’remington, Yorkshire

Lead Mines in Askrigg,] Newbiggin, and Nappa, Skarre, in Yorkshire J

Coal Mines in RosedaleA Y orkshire - -j

Honor and Manor of] Hampton Court -J

Manor of East Hendred

Steward of Portland Manor

Brought forward -

Stating and engrossing Account, and attending Declaration Pension Debenture Fees Debit and Quietus Fees j

Stating and examining Receivers Account and Vouchers Engrossing Account, and attending Declaration -Pension Debenture Fees Debit and Quietus Fees

Stating and examining Receivers Accounts and Vouchers Engrossing Account, and attending Declaration -Pension Debenture Fees

Stating and examining the Vouchers of each Account -Engrossing and passing the same through the Offices -

Making up the Account

Making up the Account, and Quietus

- - Ditto - - Ditto -

Deputy.

£. s. d.

94 it 8

1054

— 74

8 6 8

9 1 4

5»i9

1 6 8

3 1 8 7 17 4

£. s. cl.

24 19 — 1 1 —

First Clerk.

£. S. d.

6 6 —

— 106

Second Clerk.

£. s. d.

6 6 —

— 106

Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

Ditto -

Cookham and Bray

- - Ditto - - Ditto -

- - Ditto - - Ditto -

Making up the Lessee’s Account of Profits -

For Rent of Part of the Office occupied by Mr. Auditor Shelley j and Mr. Auditor Johnes *

7 7 —

212 6

— 16 8

— 16 8

4 4 —

3 3 —

1 1 —

10 6

2126

— »5 9

212 6

— 15 9

— 5 —

— 104

152 17 11

10 — —

162 17 11

— 5 -

— 10 6

— 10 6

41 14 6

4114 0

1 6 3

— 7 10}

1 6 3

— 7 ioi

— 26

— 26

— 53

5 3

>211 9

1211 9

1 1 —

— 10 6

1 6 3

- 7 i°r

1 6 3

- 7 io*

- 26

-26

-53

— 5 3

1211 9

1211 0

32 Geo. Ill;

979

25° Mati.

CASUAL.

for every Search in the Office -

- - D* - in the Court Rooms -

Copy of any Record, per Sheet -

Every Certihcate from the Auditor -Inrolling Constitution or Letters Patent of a Receiver General of the Land Revenue, for each Division Entering any Constitution or Appointment of Steward, Bailiff, Woodward, or other Officer - -

Entering a Treasury Warrant for Payment of Money Entering any Institution, Sequestration, License, or Admission, to obtain a Pension Debenture -Entering any Probate, or Letters of Administration Inrolling Letters Patent, or Lease of the Crown Lands -Note. — A Manor pays double Fees; and when the Parcels are distinct each pays separately.

Making out a Particular of any Lands -

Note.- — Double Fees are charged as above for a Lease.

Inrolling an Assignment of a Lease in the Bailiwick of St. James, each Skin - -

Inrolling an Assignment of a Lease in any other Place, each Skin ——

Filing and entering a Rental or Particular of Lands

- - D# - - Court Rolls of a Manor, per Ann. Auditor’s Report on a Reference from the Treasury Issuing a Debenture on any Receiver, by Treasury Warrant, 3 d.in the Pound on the Amount thereof

Soliciting and obtaining the Grant of a Crown Lease, including the Petition ——

The Produce of these casual Fees, is Communibus\ £ Anns - - - /

Auditor. Deputy. First Clerk. Second Clerk.

£. s. d. £ s. d. £. s. d. £. *. d.

— 3 4 — 10 — 8 — 13 4 — 310 — 111 — 111

N* C\ 00 — 7 8 — 3 10 — 3 in

-13 4 — 3 to — 111 — 1 11

— 13 4 - 3 Jo — 111 — 111

— 13 4 — 13 4 1 6 $ — 7 8 — 31° — 3 10

'168 — 7 8 — 310 — 310

— 13 4 — 5 ~ — 26 — 26

168 — 5 — — 26 — 26

— 13 4 — 3 to — 111 — in

— 13 4 — 3 10 — 111 — 111

1 10 — — 6 — — 3 — 3 —

3 3 17 — 3 *7 — 3 17 "

160 3 — 52 2 10 31 16 11 31 16 11

There are no Incidental Charges in the said Office paid by the Crown concerning the Land Revenue.

A S T A T E of the Incidental Charges in the said Office paid by the Auditor, as far as concerns

the Land Revenue.

A Moiety of an Annual Salary of 8o I. paid to the Deputy -A Moiety of an Annual Salary of SO I. paid to the First Clerk A Moiety of an Annual Salary of 40/. paid to the Second Clerk For Coals, Stationary Ware, Books, Office Keeper, and sundry other Charge?

SOLICITATION FEES received by the First Clerk.

On the Payment of the Annual Debenture for Windsor Taxes -On Payment of the Salary of 500l. to the Ranger of Windsor Great Park, by Quarterly Debentures, at 1 /. 1 s. each ——

The like, on Payment of the Comm" of Taxes Salary -

On Payment of the Surplus of the Isle of Wight, Annually -

1 1 1 1 t j I ..... £. s. d. 40 25 20 60

145

From the Public. From Individuals.

£. j. d. £. s. d.

3 3 ~

4 4 —

- 4 4 —

- 716

3 3 — 15 9 6

In» Hosiery Dep. Audf.

Vol. 47.

ji R

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

980

25° Mail

A. 1792.

ft

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

\______._______'

N* is. B.

APPOINTMENTS in the Office of Henry Shelley, Esquire, with the Salaries, Pees, and Allowances, &c. as paid by or from the Crown; the Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments received from Individuals; and also the Incidental Charges or Outgoings in that Office.

APPOINTMENTS and SALARIES.

The said Henry Shelley, by Patent bearing Date the 13th Day of August 1765, is appointed Auditor of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, to wit, Auditor of the Accounts whatsoever of all and singular the Customers, Sheriffs, Escheators, Receivers, Bailiffs, Provosts, Collectors, Farmers, and other Occupiers, Officers, Ministers, and Subjects whatsoever, within the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Derby and Chester, accountable to the Exchequer; to hold the said Office by himself, or by his sufficient Deputy or Deputies, for and during His Majesty’s Pleasure, with a certain Annuity or Yearly Fee of Three hundred Pounds, payable Quarterly out of any of the Treasure or Revenue in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of His Majesty’s Civil Government, whereout there is a Quarterly Deduction of 26/. 13$. for the Treasury Warrant, Auditor’s Debenture, Pell-Office, Teller’s Fees, Civil List, Land Tax, and new Tax, amounting to 106/. 12 per Annum, and the Nett Receipt of the above mentioned Annuity is 193/. 8$.

The aforesaid Salary or Yearly Fee of 300l. is not to be considered as payable for the Land Revenue only, but for every other Branch of Business in Mr. Shelley’s Department, as One of the Auditor’s of the Court of Exchequer — a Moiety whereof, if such a Computation is requisite, may be apportioned to the Land Revenue.

Richard Gray, Deputy Auditor, has a Yearly Salary of 100l. from his Principal, by w'hom he is appointed* but has no Salary paid him by or from the Crown. '

The same Observation is to be made in regard to this Salary as the Auditor’s; viz. that it is not paid for the Business of the Land Revenue only, but for the Whole of the Business of the Court of Exchequer in this Department of the Deputy Auditor — a Moiety whereof may be apportioned to the Land Revenue.

Robert Abbott, Clerk to the Deputy Auditor, by whom his Salary is paid.

The said Robert Abbott, Messenger to the Auditor, by whom he is nominated.

EEES.

The Particulars and Average Amount of the Fees from the Crown and Individuals, distinguishing the certain in the casual Emoluments, are given on the following Sheet.

INCIDENTAL CHARGES.

The Office Rent, Stationary, Coals, and other Incidental Expences, are all defrayed by the Auditor, and are not allowed by the Crown; the Average Amount (exclusive of 100l. paid as above to the Deputy, and 106/. 12 j. Deductions from Auditor’s Salary) may be computed at 30/. and a Moiety thereof be apportioned to the Land Revenue.

i9)

naocN

-I

I'i i«l

Of |

Comers, inters, tO tbg

i out oi ys Civt editors Anaun

liters i

ortiend

pointed

it is cot ie Court

for, m uty, d ioned t#

FEES and ALLOWANCES paid by the Crown out of the Land Revenue to the Auditor, Deputy,

Clerk, and Messenger, in the Office above mentioned, according to ancient Usage. JiTthe^awd *

___________________ — — Revenue.

ANNUAL.

Chester:

Ancient Scrys. --»*-

Precepts ana Proclamations -Stating and examining Receiver’s Account, and Vouchers - -

Engrossing Account, and attending Declaration New Scrys. ——

Auditor’s Allowance for Travelling Charges, by Treasury Warrant, dated 17th July 1761 -

Messenger ——

Chamberlain of Chester’s Account of the Pre and Post Fines ——

The aforegoing Fees (except the 20 /. for the Chester Audit, and 5 /. to the Messenger) are deducted from the Revenue, before the Receiver is charged with the Amount thereof.

Derby: '

Ancient Scrys. ——

Precepts and Proclamations -

Messenger ——

New Scrys. ——

None of these Fees are deducted from the Revenue of Derby, but the Receiver is charged with the whole Amount of the Rents thereof.

£. t.

9 19

5 2

d. 10 i

Lincoln:

Ancient Scry, gar^7-ure;

Precepts and Proclamations - -

Stating and examining Receiver’s Accounts and Vouchers -

Engrossing Account, and attending Declarations Messenger ——

Debit and Quietus Fee, on Account of the Profits Courts of Whapload, Moulton, &c.

New Scrys. ——

of

Nottingham:

fYearly Revenue

£. s. d.

Stating

Ancient Scrys. Dow.1 Jointure - 2 14 2.

Precepts and Proclamations -

and examining Receiver’s Accounts and Vouchers ——

Engrossing Account, and attending Declaration Messenger ——

New Scrys. ——

The aforegoing Fees in Lincoln and Nottingham, except those allowed for Precepts and Proclamations, and to the Messenger, are deducted from the Revenue before the Receiver is charged with the Amount of the Rents thereof.

Total Amount of Annual Fees paid as above by the Crown

Auditor.

£. s. d.

18 13 4

6 ——

10 —

— 2

20 —

2 13 4

1 8 —

3 14 8

2 —

15 10]

2 ——

10 ——

1 I 4

1 4 —

8 6 2 2 ——

10 ——

4 —

11210 8

Deputy.

£. s. d.

5 ——

5 ——

15 —

Cleiic.

£. i. d.

Messenger,

£. *. d.

5

2 10 -

2 10

2 10 —

12 10 —

£. 5. d.

112 10 8 i

15 ——

12 10 —

£. 140 — 8

Vol. 47.

25° Maii.

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

CASUAL.

Surveyor Gen1.'* of the Woods on the North Side Trent;

and

Stating

of each

examining

the Vouchers Account, amounting to l,oooo/. and upwards -Under that Sum -

Two Copies of the State for the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the Surveyor General -Engrossing each Account, and attending the Declaration Entering each Sign Manual for the Fall of Timber -Entering Treasury Warrant Entering each Estimate of Works to be done -Entering each Navy Bill -Issuing a Debenture on any Receiver' by virtue of a Treasury Warrant, for any Vrorks or Service in His Majesty’s W'oods, Forests, Parks, or Chaces, 3 d.in the Pound on the Amount thereof -

The Average Amount per Annum, exclusive of Poundage on Debentures -

Commissioners 1 Entering Petition and War- £. s. d. of Taxes, Bills > rant for each Quarterly of Incidents. J Bill - - - -1134

Gratuity - - - 1 1 —

2 14 4

Debenture Fee, 3 d. in the Pound on the Amount of the Bills - - 2 14 4

2 14 4 2 14 4

Per Annum - £. 10 17 4

Total Amount of Casual Fees paid as above by the Crown -Annual Fees - D° -

In all -

- £.

Auditor. Deputy. Clerk.

£. s. d. £. sd. £. s. d.

4

1 10 — -

- 4 4 — 2 2 —

1 6 8 — 13 4 - 7 8 — 3 10 1 1 GO M O OO

— 13 4 — »3 4 1 1 GO GO > — 1 O O - 310 — 3 10

The Whole.

2 7 11 18 2 — 16 2

Mesier.ger.

£. s. d.

O T3 o o O bfl

pt s

r -a

41 U

5 £ a

°T3

+->

2 o3

0 Z~

-O y 8 2* a. o

u

c >

<D Q>

a

a a

m CO 0

s

HH

CO

<u J3

10 06 CO

H

a

o

a,

a

Paid out of the Wood Sales in Sherwood ForeA

CO <0 VO 2 15 4 2 45 4

7 14 7 4 3 6 3116

112 10 15 - 12 10 —

120 5 3* 19 3 6 3116 12 10 —

19 3 6 Deputy.

3116 Clerk.

12 10 — Messenger.

155 10 3i -

Note. — The Average of these Casual Fees is exclusive of Poundage on Debentures, of which the most exact Calculation may be formed from the Net Produce of the Yearly Revenue, after the certain Annual Deductions thereout, making some further Allowance for the Amount of good Rents in Arrear.

Richd Gray, Dep. And'.

J

and Revenue De Totals collected of Fees paid by the Crown.

983

F F. ES received from Individuals in the Land Revenue Department of Mr. Auditor Shelley, with the Twelfth Report

on the Land Revenue.

ANNUA L

Chester. — Debit Fees -

Pension Debentures and Salaries

Derby. — Stating and examining Receiver’s Account and Vouchers for Declaration Pension Debentures -

Lincoln-. — Debit and Quietus Fees -Pension Debentures -

Nottingham. — Debit and Quietus Fees -Pension Debentures -

Total of Annual Fees from Individuals

CASUAL.

For every Search in the Office -D° in the Minister’s Accounts kept over the Court of Exchequer ——

Copy of any Record, per Sheet -Every Certificate from the Auditor -Inrolling the Constitution or Patent of Receiver General Land Revenue, each Division - -

Entering any Constitution or Appointment of Steward, Bailiff, or other Officer -Entering any Institution, Sequestration, or Licence for Pension Debenture ——

Entering a Probate or Letters of Administration -Inrolling Letters Patent or Lease of the Crown Lands -

Note. — A Manor pays Double Fees, and when the Parcels are distinct, each pays separately.

Making out a Particular of any Lease -

Note. — Double Fees charged, as for a Lease.

Inrolling an Assignment of a Lease, per Skin Auditor's Report on a Reference from the Treasury Soliciting and obtaining the Grant of a Crown Lease, including the Petition -

Average Amount of Casual Fees (exclusive of the last Article) per Annum Annual Fees, as above - -

Total of Fees Annual and Casual from Individuals Total of Fees and Allowances, Annual and Casual, paid by the Crown, as on the Page aforegoing

Gross Sums. Auditor. Deputy. Clerk.

£. s. lit £. St dt £. s. d. £. s. d.

6 15 4 564 19 —

9lfi 2 816 2 1 — —

2 4 8 248

1 5 8 158

7 *.4 7 1 4

3 »9 10 3 19 10

2 13 4 2 13 4

1 18 — 1 18 —

35 M 4 33 15 4 2 9 —

— 3 4 — 3 4

11 — 13 4 - 3 10 - 3 10

2 2 — 168 - 7 8 - 7 8

1 1 — — 13 4 - 3 10 - 3 10

— 13 4 — 13 4

— 13 4 — 13 4

2 2 — 168 - 7 8 — 7 8

2 2 — 1 6 8 - 7 8 - 7 8

1 16 8 00 <0 r* — 5 — — 5 -

2 2 — 1 10 — fi- — e —

11 11 — - ll 11 —

26 12 10 17 2 2 4 15 4 4 15 4

35 14 4 33 5 4 2 9 —

62 7 2 50 7 6 7 4 4 4 15 4

155 10 3 h2o 5 3i 19 3 6 3 11 6

217 17 5; 1 ^1 0 10 <0 26 710 8 6 10

Messenger

Deputy

Auditor

Total paid by the Crown, and by Iildividuals

Exclusive of the Auditor’s Poundage on any Debenture issued by virtue of a Treasury Warrant, which, as before observed, may be calculated on the Nett Produce of the Revenue in these Counties.

- 12 10 —

- 26 7 10

- 170 12 9L

217 17 5*

Rich4Gray, Dep. And'

VOL. 47.

n S

984

25° M

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

N° 25. C.

A STATE of the several Appointments in the Office of the Auditor of the Principality of Wales and County of Monmouth, and of the Allowances and Fees paid by the Crown or Individuals to the Auditor, Deputy, Clenk, &c. distinguishing the certain from casual Emoluments, and stating the Average Amount of each, and also of all incidental Charges and Outgoings in said Office.

The Appointments in thi6 Office are Auditor, Deputy Auditor, and Clerk.

Salaries, Fees, and Allowances, paid by tfi« Crown.

' ANNUAL.

The Auditor, at the Receipt of the Exchequer D® as Baron on, the Audits of Rccr‘ General D® Ancient Fees and Wages of D®

D* as Bailiff Itinerant - - of D*

D® Allowances for Audit Expences of D#

D® for Precepts and Proclamations of D°

D® ancient Fees called Scry. - - of D®

D° for his Messenger attending the Audits of D®

D* for the Proclaimer of the Audit of D* - *

D* for the Conductor of the Audit of D®

D® for the Keeper of the Audit House of D®

D® for the Woodward attending the Audit of D°

To the Auditor and his Clerks making up Ree'*' Acco" of D® - -

To the Auditor s Clerk, an ancient Fee of D®

CASUAL.

Each Mine Account -

Comptroller’s Account, Board of Green Cloth

Fees paid by Individuals, Annual.

By the Slicri/T of each of the Twelve Counties

Casual, and as many Times as they happen in the Year, the following Particulars pay as under;

For every Search in the Office - -

D* in the Court Rooms - -

For a Copy of any Record, per Sheet -For every Certificate from the Auditor -For entering any Constitution, &c. of a Steward or other Officer

D° any Probate or Letters of Administration For inrolling Letters Patent or Lease of Crown Lands Note. — A Manor pays double Fees; and when the Parcels are distinct, each pays separately.

For a Particular of any Lease D® inrolling the Assignment of any Lease, par Skin For tb'e Auditor’s Report on Reference from the Treasury

F«es, & c.

£. s. d.

400 — —

37 16 8

141 16 8

18 1 8

100 — —

13 — —

48 13 4

10 13 4

—— 13 4

1 6 8

Auditor.

£. s.

i —

4 — .

46 9

10 ——

9 16

15 —

8 18 4

— 34

— 10 —

— 1 —

11 —

1 1 —

— 13 4

2 2 —

2 2 —

1 16 8

2 2 —

Deputy.

Clerk.

£. s. d.

For

Salaries, Fees, and Allowances paid by the Crown-

For inrolling Patent of a Rec' Gen1 of the Land Revenue - -

For entering any Institution, &c. to obtain a Pension Debenture ——

For Debit Fees, each, upon an Average -Debenture Fees, Two Pence in the Pound> one with another.

The Average Annual Amount of the above paid by the Crown to Auditor, his Deputy and Clerk -

D* of casual Fees paid by the Crown

to D*....

D9 of Fees paid by Individuals to the And' -D* of casual Fee3 paid by Individuals to Audr, Dep'r, and and Clerk

Total Amount of Auditor’s Salary, Wages, &c. Annual - -

Charges defrayed by the Auditor.

Salaries paid to his Deputy and Clerk -Fees on receiving his 460/. a Year at Exchequer -

Tax on the Perquisites of his Office 5 per Cent.

Expences on Annual Audits Office Stationary -Office Porter, Coals, and Office Woman

Fees,

£. S. d.

2 2 —

~ 13 4 — 44

190 —

138 18 —

17 10 —

132 13 3

7 4 —

18 13 11

Neat Amount received, Communibus Amris, by the-! -Auditor, his Deputy and Clerk - - -J

Auditor. Deputy.

£. s. d. £. 1. &

779 iS 4 33 13 4

32 7 10 2 14 5

0 v| 1 1

239 7 9 137 4 —

1,158 13 it

« a a 150

- 504 19 1

653 14 10 t 323 u 9

Clerk.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

£. 3.

20 ----- *

40 ——

60 ——

John Fenxcick, Dcp. And'.

Vol. 47.

25° M

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

N* 26.

ACCOUNTS of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments, of what Nature or Kind soever, received from the Public or Individuals, by the Receivers General of His Majesty s Land Revenue, prior to the Sale of any of the Rents in their Collection, and of the Deductions by them paid thereout; prepared in pursuance of Precepts front the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, dated the 5th Day of March 1792. '

The ACCOUNT of the Reverend Walker King, and Richard Burke, Esquire, Receivers General for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, Middlesex, and City of London.

N AT UR E OF THE E »10 LU M E N TS.

FROM THE PUBLIC.

SALARIES For the County of Essex -

AND ALLOWANCES.

For - - - - Colchester -

County of Hertford -For - - - - Albans -

Allowed by the Auditor in the Receivers Accounts, as per Rental delivered to them by him, as Collector’s Fees -

D#....

D*.....-

D*.....-

From the County of Middlesex - Allowed by the Auditor in the Receivers Accounts, as per Rental delivered to them by him, as Collector’s Fees -Salary allowed the Receivers, as per Rental, under the Title of Annual Payments, Fees, or Wages -

Also a further Sum, under the Title of Audit Expences -

Allowed the Receivers by the Auditor in their Accounts, as Collector’s Fees -From the Counties of Norfolk and"! Allowed the Receivers by the Auditor in their

-J Accounts, as per Rental, under the Title of Annual Payments, Fees, or Wages Also allowed the Receivers, under the Title of Audit Expences -Allowed the Receivers by the Auditor, under the Title of Annual Payments, Fees, or Wages -

From the Manor of Stairwell

Huntingdon -

From the City of London

Essex

Total received from the Public -

FROM INDIVIDUALS.

- Acquittance Money charged to the several Tenants in this County, per Annum - -

Received in Five Years, to the Year f . 1786 included, 26 Alienation Fees, s‘ at 6$. 8 d.per - - - - 8 13 4

D* - - D* - - for 60 Letters,

at 3 s. 4 d.per - - - - 10 -

£. 18 13 4

Colchester

Average for 5 Years on Alienation Fees

Average for 5 Years on Alienation Fees and Letters ——

Acquittance Money, charged as above mentioned, amounts to per Ann. -

Received in 5 Years, to the Year,

1786 included, 5 Alienation Fees, at 3*. 4d.per - 16 8

16 —

3 M 8 5 13 4

Yearly Amount.

£. d.

23 13 4

3 6 8

3 — 5 — —

12 6 8

56 13 4

35 — —

2 13 4

53 6 8

20 — —

71 3 4

- £.

TOTAL.

— 34

£. s. d.

286 3 4

32 Geo. III.

25° Mcni.

987

Hertford »

St. Albans -

Middlesex -

Manor of Stamoell -

City of London

Norfolk

Huntingdon

Vol, 47.

Acquittance Money, charged as above mentioned, amounts to per Annum -Received in 5 Years, to the Year 1786 £ ,

included, 25 £ Alienation Fees, at 6s. 8d. per- - - - -8 10 —

D* - - D° - - D* for 30 Letters, at

3 s. Ad.per - - - - 5 ——

Yearly Amount.

£.S. d.

6 4-

Total.

£. 13 to

Average for 5 Yeare on Alienation Fees and Letters -

Acquittance Money, charged as above mentioned, amounts to per Annum -Received in 5 Years, to 1786 included,

12 Alienation Fees, at 3 s4 per - 2 ——

Average for 5 Years on Alienation Fees -

Acquittance Money, charged as before mentioned, amounts to per Annum -Received in 5 Years, to 1786 included,

58 Alienation Fees, at 6 s. 8 per - 19 6 8

D* - - D* - - D° for 61 Letters, at

3$. 4 d.per - - - - 10 3 4

2 14 — 2 15 4

— 8 — 1712 8

£. 29 10 —

Average for 5 Years on Alienation Fees and Letters - I 5 18 —

Acquittance Money, charged as before mentioned, amounts to per Annum -Received in 5 Years, to 1786 included,

2f Alienation Fees, at 6s. 8 per - — 16 8

D* - - D° - - D# for Letters, at %s. 4d. -..... — 13 4

— - 14 —

£. i 10 —

Average for 5 Years on Alienation Fees and Letters - — 6 —

Acquittance Money, as before mentioned, amounts to

per Annum - j 892

Received in 5 Years, to 1786 included,

25 Alienation Fees, at 6#. 8 d.per - 8 6 8 D* - - D° - - D* for 33 Letters, at 3j. 4d.per.....5 10

£.1316 8

Average for 5 Years on Alienation Fees and Letters -

Acquittance Money, charged as before mentioned, amounts to per Annum -Received in 5 Years, to 1786 included,

2 Alienation Fees, at 65. id. per - — 13 4

D® - - D* - - D* for 5 Letters, at

Ss. Ad..... — 168

2 15 4 — 18 —

£.1 10 —

Average for 5 Year* on Alienation Fees and Letters - J — 6 —

_ 7 -

Acquittance Money, charged as before mentioned, amounts to per Annum -Received in 5 Years, to 1786 included, for Letters, at 3* 4 d. - - - — 13 4

Average for 5 Years on Letters

Twelfth Report . on the Land Revenue.

— 2 8

11 T

Honor

988

A. 1792.

25" Man.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

Honor of Clare

Acquittance Money, charged as before mentioned, amounts to per Annum -

Received in 5 Years, to 17S6 included, £. s.

3 Alienation Fees, at 6 s.8 per - 1 ——

D° - - D® - - D® lor 7 Letters, at

3s. 4d.per - - > - 1 3 4

Yearly Amount. Total.

£> s. d. £. s, d

128

£ 2 3 4

Average for 5 Years on Alienation Fees and Letters -Fees charged to several Tenants for taking out and Fyling Debits per Annum -

— 88

18 16 8

Poundage of 5/. per Cent, on all Monies received and paid into our Office by the Receiver of the Bailiwick of Westminster, which amounts on an Average to 2,800l. per Annum, or thereabouts, clear of Taxes. The Rents have increased since he came into Office very much, and increase every Year -Poundage of D° on 683/. 16$. received from Lord North in 1786, for the Ranger-ship of Hampton Court, 34/. 3s. — The Average of which for 5 Years amounts to per Annum ——

Poundage of D® on our own Rents, having amounted, upon an Average, since we came into Office, to 2,100l. per Annum, or thereabouts -

140 ——

6 16 7

105 ——

337 2 i

Total Emoluments from the Public and Individuals

623 5 5

The Receivers have not taken any Notice of the further Emoluments that may arise to them by the Rents from Time to Time lying in their Hands, nor of a further Advautage arising from the Mode of taking the Poundage, which being in the

O O O o

Nature of a Discount, increase the Profit somewhat beyond 5 per Cent. The former of these Advantages being uncertain cannot be here specified, although it has always been understood to constitute a Part of the legitimate Emoluments of Offices of Receipt and Disbursement.

DEDUCTIONS.

To Land Tax per Annum ——

To Audit Expences per Annum, about -

To Chancellor of Exchequer, on passing 3 Years Accounts, 15/. Average per Annum ——

To Auditor of Exchequer, for making up 3 Years Accounts, 47/. Si. 6d. Average per Annum -

18 ——

9 *3 "

5 ——

15 16 —

Total Deductions

- £.

48 9 —

Average Yearly Profit

- £.

574 16 5

The Receivers pay 50/. per Annum to Mr. Zouch, as a Compensation for his Trouble in the Execution of the Office. — But as this is not a necessary Charge (the Receivers proposing to do all the Business of the Office themselves as soon as Mr. Zouch can be otherwise provided for) they do not insert this Article among the Deductions from the Profits of the Office.

This is a true Account, to the best of our Knowledge and Belief.

Richard Burlce, Jun.

The ACCOUNT of Joseph Hickey, the Younger, Esq. Bailiff and Collector of His Majesty’s Rents in the

Manor of St. James, in the Liberty of Westminster.

From the P U B LIC.

SALARY and ALLOWANCES.

Bailiff’# Fee, at 12 d.per Diem, for One Year *

Additional Salary, per Annum - -

Total received from the Public

185 —

60----

- £.

78 5 -

32 Geo. Ill*

25* Mail

9S9

From INDIVIDUALS.

Acquittance Fees, at i s. for each Half Yearly Receipt, from 432 Tenants, in Auditor’s Rental of Old Rents -

61 New Rents -

The Annual Amount of Acquittances vary a little as the New Rents commence, sometimes being in Addition, and at other Times consolidated.

Alienation Fees, 65. 8 d.each (Average for One Year) -Summonses, at 3s. 4 d.each, upon the Teriants to pay their Arrears, seldom sent till after a Year and a Half due, which the Lessees or Tenants sometimes pay, and at other Times refuse, and may be wholly avoided by Payment of the Rents as they become due (Average for One Year) ——

The Bailiff apprehends he has not, by his Appointment, any compulsive Power.

Yearly Amount. Total.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

43 4 —

6 2 —

7 »3 4 17 ——

Twelfth Rej ott 011 the Land Revenue.

Renewal of Leases (Average 10 a Year)

Solicitation Fee 10 Guineas each - - - -£.105 ——

Suspended in 1786.

No Deductions. _____________

Total from Individuals - - - 73 19 4

Average Yearly Profit - - £. 15244

This is a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

Joseph Hickey, Jun.

Bailiff and Collector.

'the ACCOUNT of Jeremiah Robinson, Esq. Receiver General for the Counties of,

Westmorland, Cumberland, Archdeaconry of Richm\ Bishoprick of and Counties of Northumberland and York.

From the PUBLIC. SALARIES and ALLOWANCES:

Yearly Amount. Total.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

For the Counties of Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland, Salary -For Travelling Charges, and Audit Expences for D* -For the Archdeaconry of Richmond, Bishoprick of Durham, and County of Northumberland, Salary ——

For Travelling Charges, and Audit Expences, for D* -

For the County of York, Salary ——

For Travelling Charges, and Audit Expences for D° -

Nil.

40 ——

Nil.

40 ——

54 ——

50 ——

Total received from the Public -

184 ——

From INDIVIDUALS.

Acquittance Fees, being 6 d.Yearly for each Receipt for the Counties of Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland, for the Archdeaconry of Richmond, Bishoprick of Durham, and Counties of Northumberland and York, 8 Yearly. The Average Amount of these Receipts are for the Years 1784, 1,785, and 1786 -

For procuring Debentures, being 102, at 1$. each -A Poundage or Deduction of 1?. in the Pound on all Monies paid by the Receiver General for the same period ——

24 15 14

5 2 —

138 17 8

Total from Individuals

168 14 9i

352 14

9i

Vol. 47.

250 Man.

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

DEDUCTIONS:

Yearly Amount Total.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

Fee to the Auditor, for Debentures for the same Period

D® for stating and engrossing Accounts -

D° to Deputy and Clerks -

D® to the Exchequer on declaring same

Salary to Agent, besides Alienation Fees

Land Tax ——

Total Deductions -Average Yearly Profit

18 14 —

10 ——

9 9 —

7 10 —

40 ——

15 Jo —

- £.

101 3 —

251 11 9 f

This is a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

Jeremiah Robinson.

The ACCOUNT of George Hubbard, Esq. Receiver General for the Counties of Kent, Surrey,

Sussex, Northampton, and Derby.

From the PUBLIC.

SALARIES and ALLOWANCES;

For the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Sussex:

Salary ——

Audit Expences -

For the County of Northampton:

Salary ——

Audit Expences - -..

Salary

For the County of Derby:

Total received from the Public

Yearly Amount Total.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

20 — — -40 — —

20 ——

26 13 4

*5 13 4

122 6 8

From INDIVIDUALS.

Acquittance Fees, being 1 s. on each Receipt for the Quit Rents in the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Sussex, and 2 s.in general for the Leasehold Rents; also 4 d.for each Receipt in Northampton and Derby -Alienation Fees, being mostly 3 s.4 d.each, sometimes 6 8 d. and occasionally

(though in very few Instances) 135. 4 deach ——

For Letters written to the Tenants ——

N.B. These Two Articles so amounted Anno 1786.

Qe, If so high on an Average ?

A Poundage or Deduction of 1 s. in the Pound on all Monies paid by the Receiver General -..... -

Total received from Individuals Total received

20 10 —

384

5 5 6

32 Geo. III.

25° M

991

Yearly A mount,

DEDUCTIONS.

Paid to Agents collecting Rents at the Audit, &c. Postage and other casual Expences Land Tax ——

To the Auditors, for making up Accounts ——

Declaration Fees - -- --....

Total paid Average Yearly Profit

13th March 1792,

Out of which Sum of 149/. 8 4the Rec'

takes to himself 80/. and the Remr goes to his Deputy,

R* G'

This is a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

Robt. , DT Recr;

£. s. d.

18 14 6 10 — 4 16 17 4 7 10 —

TOTAL.

£. a d.

Twelfth R«po on the Land Revenue.

53 2 2 — .

149 8 4

THE ACCOUNT of Nathaniel Barrett, Esq. Receiver General for the Counties of

Worcester, Salop, and Stafford.

FROM THE PUBLIC.

SALARIES AND ALLOWANCES.

For the Counties of 1Hereford, Worcester, Salop, and Stafford. £. t. d. £. s.d.

Salary ----- ----- -- For Travelling Charges and Audit Expences ----- - 1 1 1 1 3"

Collection Fees; viz.

For the County of Hereford - -- -For the County of Worcester - -- -For the County of Salop ----- ----- - For the County of Stafford - -- - 7 3 4 5 10 — 5 5 10 —

Total received from the Public - I 103 3 4

FROM INDIVIDUALS.

Acquittance Fees (being variable); vi2.

Hie Average Yearly Amount. t - In the County of Hereford - -- -- --1 In the County of Worcester ----- ---- In the County of Salop - -- -- --In the County of Stafford ----- -- 6 14 — 11 — 4 5 4 8 6 3 7

Alienation Fees, the Average Yearly Amount. In the County of Hereford ----- -- In the County of Worcester ----- -- In the County of Salop ----- --- In the County of Stafford - - - - i 3 4 1 16 8 1 10 — " 19 —

Poundage on all Debentures paid, at 1 s. per Pound; viz.

In the County of Hereford - -- -In the County of Worcester - -- -In the County of Salop - -- --In the County of Stafford ----- - 211 6 5 18 4 411 2 8114

Total received from Individual s' - - 1 56 3 n

£. 159 7 3

Vol. 47.

H U

992

25° Maii.

992 25° A. 1792.

Twelfth Report

on the Land Revenue. Yearly A mount. total.

DEDUCTIONS. To the Auditor, for making up the Accounts Annually ----- - And at the Exchequer, for the declaring the same ----- - £. s. d. 22 — 2 10 — £. d.

Annual Land Tax on Receiver’s Salary - -- -- -Sundry Expeuccs in holding the Audits in the Counties of Hereford, Worcester, Salop, and Stafford - -- -- N. B. — The Business of this Collection is transacted by Mr. William Barrett, for his Brother, in consequence of his ill State of Health; he, receiving other Rents in the same Counties, only charges a proportional Part, which is about Eight Pounds; but was he concerned for an indifferent Person in that Business, it could not be done for less than 4 — 2 30

Total Deductions \ 38 12 2

Average Yearly Profit - £. 120 15 1

I present this as a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

Dr Rec'.

THE ACCOUNT of George Pretyman, Esquire, Receiver General for the Counties of Suffolk

and Cambridge.

FROM THE PUBLIC.

SALARIES AND ALLOWANCES.

For the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge.

Salary ——

For Travelling Charges and Audit Expences -

Total received from the Public

£. s. d. £, s. d.

53 6 8

20 ——

- - - 73 6 8

From INDIVIDUALS.

Accquittance Fees'in County — the'Average Yearly Amount

Alienation Fees in County — -the Average Yearly Amount

Poundage on all Debentures paid, at l s. per Pound.

In the County of Suffolk -In the County of Cambridge -

f Suffolk

\ Cambridge -/Suffolk /Cambridge -

Total from Individuals

DEDUCTIONS.

14 io —

4 19 4

424

1 9 —

1 14 — 1 13 6

- 28 8 2

101 14 10

Paid the Auditor and Clerks, for making up the Accounts Annually

- D® at the Exchequer, for declaring the same

- D® Land Tax on Receiver's Salary -

Total Deductions

3 3 — 2 10 —

764

12 19 4

Average Yearly Profit

88 15

6

This is a true Account to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

Geo. Receiver General.

993

32 Geo. Ill*

25° M

THE ACCOUNT of George Prctyman, Esquire, Receiver General for the Counties of

Bedford, and Bucks.

Twelfth Report on the Laud Revenue.

Yearly Amount.

TOTAL.

FROM THE PUBLIC.

SALARIES AND ALLOWANCES. For the Counties of Bedford and Bucks.

£. s. d. s. d.

Salary ——

For Travelling Charges and Audit Expences

Collection Fees; viz.

For the County of Bedford -

For the County of Bucks

Total received from the Public -

FROM INDIVIDUALS.

Acquittance Fees in County — the Average Yearly Amount Alienation Fees in County — the Average Yearly Amount

Poundage on all Debentures paid, at l s. per £.

("Bedford -\ Bucks /"Bedford -\ Bucks -

30 ——

20 ——

* 9i

2 10 5

£. 53 12 2 i

In the County of Bedford In the County of Bucks

Total from Individuals

DEDUCTIONS.

Paid the Auditor and Clerks, for making up the Accounts Annually -

D* - at the Exchequer, for declaring the same -

D* - Land Tax on Receiver’s Salary ——

D# - Agent, for receiving Rents in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks

5 7 — 3 6 8 1 11 — — 124

2 3 3 1 7 10

3 3 —

2 10 —

3 19 2

20 ——

Total Deductions -Average Yearly Profit -This is a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

14 8 i

68 — 3 $

29 12 2

38 8 Ij

Geo. Pretytnan, Receiver General.

THE ACCOUNT of Joseph Farrington, Esquire, Receiver General for the Counties of Oxford and,

and the Honor and Castle of Windsor.

r

Salary <

FROM THE PUBLIC.

SALARIES and ALLOWANCES.

For the Counties of Oxford and Berks -

For the Honor and Castle of Windsor.

For Travelling Charges and Audit Expences:

yjz _ fin the Counties of Oxford and Berks -fin the Honor and Castle of Windsor -Collection Fees -

£. s. d.

- - - 30

m ' 18 7 7 '

Nil.

- - - w* 00 N

Nil.

Total received from the Public - £. 55 16 —

Vo i. 47.

25° Mail.

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

FROM INDIVIDUALS.

fin the County of Oxford -j In the County of Berks [ Honor and Castle of Windsor j fin the County of Oxford

‘lln "

Acquittance Fees

Alienation Fees - --v T u r>c n t

fin the County of Berks

Poundage on Monies paid by the Receiver, pursuant to Treasury Warrants

Poundage on all Debentures jin the County of Oxford -

paid at l s. per £. -(1° the County of Berks -

Total received from Individuals

DEDUCTIONS.

Paid the Auditor, for making up the Accounts Annually -

Paid Chancellor’s Fees, for declaring the same -

Paid land Tax on Receiver’s Salary ——

Allowed Agent, for transacting the Business of this Receipt -

Yearly Amount.

L S. d.

3 4 —

4 16 —

1 5 —

— 3 4

— 10 —

11 9 9

2 9 7

5 14 6

6 tr 6 —

5 6 . 2

2 3 2 —

Total Deductions -Average Yearly Profit -

This is a true Account to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

TOTAL.

£. s

29 12 2

85 8 2

40 8 2

45 -

Jos. Farrington,

THE ACCOUNT of the Reverend Edward Emily, Receiver General for the Counties of

Wilts, and Gloucester.

FROM THE PUBLIC.

SALARIES AND ALLOWANCES.

For the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Gloucester.

Salary ——

For 'Travelling Charges and Audit Expences -

fin the County of Southampton -In the County of Wilts In the County of Gloucester

Collection Fees -

Total received from the Public -

FROM INDIVIDUALS.

Acquittance Fees, fin the County of Southampton ——

the Average < In the County of Wilts ——

Yearly Amount [In the County of Gloucester ——

Alienation Fees — the Average Amount ——

Poundage of 1 s. in the £. on all Monies paid by the Receiver General, pursuant to Treasury Warrants ——

Poundage of 1 s. in the £. on all Debentures paid; viz.

In the County of Southampton -

In the County of Wilts ——

In the County of Gloucester ——

20 — —

40 — —

— 3 4

M 5 4

— 10 —

2 5 —

7 6 8

x 5 6

1 8 —

24 2 10

2 8 5

1 13 —

5 9 "

Total received from Individuals -

74 18 8

45 18 5

120 17 1

32 Geo. III.

25° Mail.

995

DEDUCTIONS:

Paid the Auditor, for making up Receiver’s Accounts Annually Paid Chancellor’s Fees, for declaring the same Paid Land Tax on Receiver’s Salary ..... Paid Audit Expences, and other incidental Charges Allowed Mr. Barrett for transacting the Business

Total Deductions

Yearly Amount. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £.s. d.

3 n —

2 10 —

4 — 2

10

40 15 11

- . 60

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

Average Yearly Profit

6o ——

This is a true Account to the best of my Knowledge and Belief,

Barrett,

Dr Receiver.

The ACCOUNT of Beavis Wood, Receiver General for the Counties of Somerset, Dorset,

Devon, and Cornwall,

FROM THE PUBLIC. SALARIES AND ALLOWANCES.

£. s. d.

£. s. d.

For the Counties of Somerset and Dorset.

Salary -

For Travelling Charges and Audit Expences -Collection Fees in Somerset , ----- - - Ditto - - Dorset ——

For the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

Salary ——

For Travelling Charges and Audit Expences -For the Bailiff’s Fee in Devon -Collection Fees in Cornwall -

For Bridge Warden's Fee in Exeter -

Total from the Public -

20 ——

20 ——

9 3 —

I 12 8

16 ——

Nil.

6 16 8

8 ——

— 9 —

- £

82

4

Acquittance Fees, the Average Yearly Amount.

FROM INDIVIDUALS.

Being 13/. 17$. Yearly, in each Receipt, for the County of Somerset; u/. 10$. 2 for the County of Dorset; 2/. 3$. 4 for the County of Devon; and 1/. 5$. 8 for the County of Cornwall — in all ——

Alienation Fees — Yearly in Somerset, 16$. 8; in Dorset, 1/. 2 2; in Devon, 10$.; in Cornwall, 10$. — in all -

Poundage or Deductions of 1$. in the Pound on all Monies paid by the Receiver General ——

Received of divers Persons for extra Trouble ... Average

Total from Individuals -

DEDUCTIONS:

Taxes Annually ——

Receiver’s Expences and Payments, viz. — To Mr. Barrett, Dr Rec' for Somerset and Dorset, 20/.; Annual Expences to, at, and from Audits, 61. 6s.; Notices, Messengers, Postage, and Expences, at other Times, 2 I. gs. 6d.; Expences about Taunton Collection, 1/. 7 s. — in all 30/. 2$.

Total Deductions -

Average Yearly Profit

28 16 2

2 l8 10

38 13 5

1 10 —

- 71 18 5

£. 153 19 9

00 c* r*

30

mm + 00

- - - £ no 18 1

This is a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief,

Beavis Wood, Receiver General.

Vol. 47.

11 X

25° Mail

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land

Revenue._ THE ACCOUNT of Christopher Aplin, Receiver General for the Counties of Waruick and Leicester.

FROM THE PUBLIC. Yearly Value. TOTAL.

SALARIES AND ALLOWANCES. For the Counties of Warwick and Leicester. £. s. d. £.S. d.

Salary - -- For Travelling Charges and Audit Expences - Collection Fees: For the County of Warwick ----- --- D° - - Leicester - Total received from the Public - 20 26 13 4 14 10 — 13 10 74 13 4

FROM INDIVIDUALS. Acquittance Fees, being 6d. Yearly, for each Receipt for the Counties of Warwick and Leicester, excepting Seven, which pay Two Shillings -Alienation Fees - -- --A Poundage or Deduction of One Shilling in the Pound on all Monies paid by the Receiver General. The Average Amount - -- -- - Total from Individuals 546 2 5 — 5 12 9 6

DEDUCTIONS: Paid Land Tax - -- - - -- -- 4 00 VJ IO O

D° different Officers, in stating, making up, and in swearing to Account -To Travelling and Audit Expences at Warwick and Leicester, and Expences in settling Accounts - -- - 8 16 10 — 28 10 —

Average Yearly Profit - - £. 58 12 10

This is a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief,

Aplin, Receiver General.

THE ACCOUNT of John Sainsbury, Esquire, Receiver of the Revenues of the late dissolved

Hospital of the Savoy.

FROM THE PUBLIC: £. s. d. £. s. d.

Salary - -- - ----- -- Allowances - -- - Total received from the Public 30 30 60 —

FROM INDIVIDUALS: Acquittance Fees, being 2 s. on each Receipt ----- - Alienation Fees - - - -A Poundage or Deduction of 1 s.in the Pound on all Monies paid by the Receiver Total received from Individuals - 3 H — 6 8 9 12 — 13 12 8

Total received - - £. 73 i-’ 8

32 Geo. III.

25° Man.

997

Yearly Amount. TOTAL.

DEDUCTIONS. Making up the Account, and Declaration Fees ----- - Deputy Receiver’s Allowance - -- £. s. d. 21 14 7 5 £. s. d.

Total paid - - 36 14 7

Average Yearly Profit - - - 36 18 1

Twelfth Report

go i! l ! aiui

Revenue.

This is a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

Richd Gray, D. Rec', 14 March 1792.

THE ACCOUNT of John Greene Baseley, Receiver General for the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham.

FROM THE PUBLIC.

SALARIES and ALLO WAN C E S for the County of Lincoln.

Salary

Travelling Charges and Expences

£. s. cl.

30 ——

20 ——

Collection Fees ----- -- it) 3 0

Bailiff ’s Fees for the Manor of Hoggesthorp - - - 1 16 4

Salary for the County of Nottingham - _ 10

Collection Fees for Ditto ----- 10 — —

Total received from the: Public - - - - £.

FROM INDIVIDUA LS.

Acquittance Fees for Lincoln - - - - 4 Receipts at 4 d. — 1 4

166 Ditto - at 6 cl. 4 3 —

28 Ditto - at 12d. 1 8 —

3 Ditto - at 2 s. — 6 —

4 Ditto - at 5 s 1 — —

Acquittance Fees for Barton Barrow and Gouxhill - 226 Ditto - at 4 d. 3 5 4

350 Ditto - at 8 d. 11 3 4

1 Ditto - at 1 s. — 1 —

Acquittance Fees for Nottingham - 2 Ditto - at 4 d. — 8

40 Ditto - at 6d. 1 — —

1 Ditto - at 1 s. — 1 — .

8 Ditto - at 2S. — l6 —

Poundage on 1,211 /. being the Average of the Annual Receipts of the last 9 Years, as per Accounts delivered ——

DEDUCTIONS.

Land Tax for my Appointment -

An Agent for assisting at the Audit, and recovering Arrears Advertisements, Printing, Stationary, and Postage

Average Yearly Profit

£. S. d.

From the Public - 88 9 6

Individuals 84 16 8

£ 173 6 2

20 ——

2 10 —

£. s. d.

68 9 6

20 ——

88 9 6

22 8 —

117 8

60 11 —

73 6 2

24 10 —

148 16 2

The above is a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

Norwich, March 10, 1792. J. G. Baseley, Receiver General.

25° M

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report THE ACCOUNT of John Griffith, Esquire, Receiver General for the Counties of Revenue! " Carnarvon, Merioneth, Montgomery, Denbigh, Flint, and Chester.

FROM THE PUBLIC.

SALARIES and ALLOWANCES

For the above Six Counties of North Wales.

Patent Fee ——

Ancient customary Fee -D° ancient Fees, called Collection Fees A Fee, as Bailiff of Bromfield and Yale Allowance for Audit Expences -An Allowance for Fees on declaring his Account

For the County of Chester.

Salary ——

Audit Expences -

Collection Fee -

Receiver’s Fees on passing his Account

Total from the Public

Yeady Amount.

total

£. s. (I.

£. s. d.

30 -

40 -

4'/6i

12 -

40 -

25 15 6

10 ——

10 — — 42 13 7 17 15 6

189 3 — 1

80 9 1 269 12 1 {

From INDIVIDUALS for the Six Counties of North Walts.

Acquittance Fees Yearly, for each Receipt under 20$. 8d. each — and for every Receipt for 20 s.and upwards, is. 4 d.each: The Fees the same in every County — Average Yearly Value -

Average Yearly Value for the County of Chester

Six Sheriffs Fees by Act of Parliament, 21. '*3«. 4 each, for obtaining their Quietuses — per Annum ——

Poundage or Deduction of is. in the Pound on all Monies paid by the Receiver General — Average Yearly Value -

Mine Fees — Average Yearly Value ——

Total from Individuals

15 13 4

468

16 — —

115 ——

4 ——

- 155 ——

424 12 1 J

Deductions for the Six Counties of North Wales.

Audit Expences ....

Fees to the Auditor, on passing his Account, per Ann.

For the County of Chester, Audit Expences

Fees to the Auditor, on passing his Account, per Ann.

Travelling Expences ——

21 10 —

25 15 6

47 5 6

17 15 6

20 ——

92 1 —

Average Yearly Profit

- £.

332 11

1 I

This is a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief,

24th April 1792.

John Griffith, Recr Gen1.

32 Geo. IXI*.

25° Man.

999

THE ACCOUNT of Edward Moore, Esquire, Deputy to the Right honourable Charles James For, Twelfth Report Receiver General for the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, Brecon, Radnor, Glamorgan, Revenue.

and Monmouth*

FROM THE PUBLIC. SALARIES and ALLOWANCES:

Yearly Amount. Total.

£. 6. d. £. s. d.

Tor the several Counties aforesaid More for a Reward for Travelling Charges and Audit Expences Ancient Collection Tees for D°

Tees for declaring the Account For Proclamations -

Total from the Public -

70 ——

50 ——

50 ——

54 2 7 |

25 15 6

- 256 18 1

Note. — There is no Distinction in the Counties; but the Salaries and Allowances are on Account of all the Seven Counties in South Wales.

FROM INDIVIDUALS.

Acquittance Fees Yearly for each Receipt under 1 2 4 each; — and for every

Receipt for 10/. and upwards, 3 s.4 d.;for each Receipt for a Collection Rent, 3$. tod.:The Fees the same in every County. — Average Yearly Value

Six Sheriffs Fees, by Act of Parliament, 21, i 3 s. 4 d. each, for obtaining their Quietuses, per Ann. ——

Alienation Fees per Atm. — Average - -

Poundage, or Deduction of 1 s. in the Pound on all Monies paid by the Receiver General — Average Yearly Value ——

Mine Fees ——

Total from Individuals -

60 ——

16 ——

125 ——

1 15 —

203 15 —

DEDUCTIONS:

The Pension Tax ——

Audit Expences ——

Travelling Expences - -

Fees to the Auditor on passing his Account, per Ann.

460 13 1

8 10 — 31 10 —

3O — ’ —

25 15 G

Total Deductions Average Yearly Profit

95 15 6

364 17 7r

Note. — The Right honourable Charles James Fox holds the Office of Receiver General of South Wales (by virtue of a Patent) to him and his Assigns during his Life; and soon after he became possessed of said Office, for divers good and valuable Considerations, he assigned the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments of said Office to Edward Moore, Esquire.

This is e true Account, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief,

14th March, 1792.

Edicd Moore, Deputy Rccr Gen1.

Vol. 47.

u Y

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

cS

An ABSTRACT of the foregoing Accounts of the Salaries,

RECEIVERS.

DIVISIONS.

In the Division of Mr. Auditor:

Essex -Hertford

Reverend Dr. Walker King, and Richard J Middlesex Burke, Esq. ----- S

Josh Ilickey, Esq. Bailiff and Collector

Jeremiah Robinson, Esq.

George Hubbard, Esq.

Nathaniel Barrett, Esq,

George Pretyman, Esq.

Joseph Farrington, Esq. Reverend Edward Emily

London Norfolk Huntingdon -

- Bailiwick of St. James

" Lancaster Westmorland Cumberland York -Richmond Durham ^Northumberland

Kent -Surrey -Sussex -Northampton

Stafford Hereford Salop -Worcester

Suffolk -

Cambridge

Bedford

Bucks

[Oxford -I Berks -[Honor and Castle of Windsor

[Southampton -4 Wilts -[Gloucester

Fees, and Emoluments of the Receivers General of the Land Revenue.

O

O

W2 *?

Salaries and Allowances from the Public. From Individuals. Deductions, Allow ances to Deputies, and Expences.

( Acquittance Fees, Alienation Fee;, Letters, and Summonses. Poundage of 1 s. per Lib. on Debentures paid. Net Receipt.

N £. s. £.s. £. s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d.

; 286 3 4 VO OO 251 16 7 98 9 — 524 16 5

> \ 73 5 — 73 19 4 - - 152 4 4

-> 184 24 1 160 3 7 101 3 — 267 15 84=

' 106 13 4 2 9 3 10 51 122 TO 6 80 including 15 134. 4<£ for Derby.

- 103 3 4 34 it 7 21 12 4 38 12 2 120 15 1

- OO VO N 25 — 8 3 7 6 12 19 4 88 15 6

53 I2 2 10 17 — 3 11 1 29 12 2 38 8 1 -Jr

i :j 1 55 16 — 9 18 4 19 13 tO 40 8 2 45

;1 -j j' 74 18 8 12 5 2 33 13 3 60 17 1 60 — - —

to

<3

Vol. 47.

Bcavis Wood, Gent" -

Christopher Aplin, Gent® -

Somerset Dorset Devon -.Cornwall

JWarwick

(Leicester

John Sainsbury, £sq.

Savoy Hospital

John Griffith, Esqr John Green Baseley, Esq' George H,ubbard, Esq,'

In the Division of Mr. Auditor Shelley.

- Chester

{Lincoln Nottingham -

- Derby -

In the Division of Mr. Auditor Johnes.

John Griffith, Esq* -

Edward Moore, Esq'

'Anglesey Carnarvon I Merioneth t Montgomery > Denbigh Flint -

'Pembroke Carmarthen -Cardigan - < Brecon Radnor Glamorgan -Monmouth

« £* H

5 2 -3 .3

82 i 4

74 13 4

6o ——

1,232 13 2 f

80 9 1

88 9 6

15 13 4

184 11 11

189 3 — i

-) 256 l8 I J

446 1 11

33 5 -

7 9 6

4- 8

350 11 8{

38 13 5

5 ——

912 —

598 3 7

f Acquittance Fees and Poundage, included"!

in Anglesey, &c. J

24 5 8

60.11 —

43 1 8

28 10 — 36 14 7

612 17 8

44 15 6

24 10 —

Acquittance Fees, See. included in Kent, &c.

24 5

40 —

78 15 —

ll8 15

60 II —

69 5 6

115 ——

125 — —

240 ——

47 5 6

95 15 6

143 1 —

no 18 t

58 12 10

36 18 1

1,584 4 2

35 13 7 148 16 2

184 9 9

296 17 6 £

364 17 71

C6l 15 1i

og H

2 ° S

I £-2.

o <* ;?»

p rcr

o 3

32 Geo. Ill, 25" Mail. 1001

1002

25° Mail.

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report -T0

"on the Lafid JN 2"*

Revenue.

----- ----- ---' A STATE of the Amount of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Emoluments, of the several Auditors of the Land

Revenue, and of the Receivers within their respective Divisions: Abstracted from their Returns to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

From the Public. From Individuals.

£. s. d[ £. s. d.

100

447 2 10 323 — ii

547 2 10 „ A *.

132 3 2 35 13 4 65 1 522 4 2j

714 19 4

1,232 13 2 . a - 948 15 3r & -

300 — — 120 5 31 50 7 6

420 .5 3 . .

- - - 100 1

22 15 — 11 19 — j

12 10 —

455 10 31

184 11 11 84 16 8

400 412 6 2 346 7 9

812 6 2

56 7 9 190 1 137 4

868 13 11

446 1 1 I 358 15 —

In the Division of Mr. Auditor

Auditor’s - - Salary from the Exchequer

Allowance, Fees, and Perquisites -

Fees, Taxes, Clerks, and Incidental Charges -

Deputy and Clerks - Salaries from the Auditor Fees and Perquisites -- - Salary -

Messenger

Ten Receivers

- Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites Fees, Allowances to Deputies, and Audit Expenses -

In the Division of Mr. Auditor Shelley.

Auditor s - - Salary from the Exchequer

Allowances, Fees, and Perquisites -

Fees, Taxes, Clerks, and Incidents

Deputy and Clerks - Salary from the Auditor Fees and Perquisites Messenger - - Salary -

Three Receivers - Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites

Fees, Allowances to Deputies, and Audit Expenses -

In the Division of Mr. Auditor Johnes.

Auditor’s - - Salary from the Exchequer

Allowances, Fees, and Perquisites

Fees, Taxes, Clerks, and Incidents

Deputy and Clerk - Salaries from the Auditor Fees and Perquisites

Two Receivers

Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites Fees, Allowances, and Audit Expenses -

Total.

£. s.

870 3 9 i73 >5 9

719 7 4

35 13 4

2,181 8 6

612 17 8

470 12 91 118 6 —

134 14 "

12 10 —

269 8 7

69 5 6

Net Receipt,

£. S. d.

696 8-719 7 4 35 13 4

1,568 10 10

1,158 13 4

504 19 1

383 11 9

804 16 i$

143 1 —

352 6 9*

134 14 -12 10 —

200 3 1

653 14 '0

383 n 9

661 15

o

N* 28. C&

to

Ax ACCOUNT of all Lands and Estates belonging to the Crown granted in Fee since the 25th of March 1702; stating the Dates of the Grants, and of the Acts of Parliament authorizing the same, the Names of the Grantees, the estimated Yearly Value of the Estates at the Time of granting, for what Terms previously held, the Rents \ g reserved m Perpetuity, and the Purchase Money or Consideration paid for the same respectively.

Estimated Yearly Value of Estates at the Time of granting. Renta reserved in Perpetuity. Purchase Money

Dates of Grants. Dales of Acts. Estates granted. Names of Grantees. For what Terms previously held. or Consideration. How paid.

lGth February 1731. 7 Geo. I. Middlesex: — Divers Parcels of Ground and Houses, comprising the Whole of Piccadilly, from Park Lane to a little Eastward of Engine Street, many Houses in Swallow Street, Warwick Street, Glasshouse Street, Beak Street, Leicester Street, Hed- V don Street, Sherrard Street, Brewer ( Street, Old Soho otherwise Wardour Street, Knave’s Acre, St. James’s Street, Catherine Wheel Yard, and Cleveland Row, and the Courts, Alleys, and Passages communicating with those Streets - - Trustees for William') Pulteney, Esqr - -J £. s. d. 2,047 7 — 100 Years from 14 th Feb."] 1721, under a Rent of I £.12. 16. 10.- - -J £. s. d. 12 l6 10 £. S. d. 500 1 £. < d. Into die Exchequer.

No Grant, but vested by Act of Parliament. 9 Geo. I. Middlesex: — Divers Parcels of Ground and Houses in King Street, Carnaby Street, and Cross Street, in the Parish of St. James, and a / House and Two Closes of Land at Chelsea Trustees for William) Lowndes, Esqr - -J 467 10 — 99 Years from 14th Feb/j 1722, under Two Rents of> 135. 4 d. each - - -J — 13- 4 \ — 13 4 J 349 12 6 Does not appear to the Surveyor General.

30th March 172G. 10 Geo. I. Kent: — The Capital Messuage or'j Site of the Manor of Say’s Court, 1 with divers Houses and Lands in the [ Parish of Deptford - - -J Trustees for Sir John\ Evelyn, Bart. - 1,235 4 — { 1,35* 10 — 36 Years from Michas.l 1725, at £.1. 2. 6. - -J 45 Years from Michas.*) 1725, at 405. per Annum J 1 2 6 "j 2 J 4,771 13 1 Exchequer.

13th April 1727. 12 Geo. I. Wilts: — Bowood Park, in or near f Chippenham and Caine Trustees for Sir Or-l lando Bridgeman, B* J 307 1 — { 49 Years from Michas/1 1727, at £.30 per Annum J 30 486 12 — Exchequer.

30th March 1728, 12 Geo. I. 1 I Ixincaster: — The Site of the dis- solved Monastery of Furneis, and [ divers Lands and Tenements thereto I belonging - - - - -J Trustees for Sir Jlfcos-") Loxvther, Bart. - -J 709 6 81 20 Years from 15th June"! 1727, at Two Rents of( £. 200 and £. 1. G. 8. per 1 Annum - - - -J 200 1 1 6 8 J 3.637 3 4 Exchequer.

’ Carried forward - - - £. j ' 6,118 18 8 £. 248 12 8 9,745 — n

1

to

Or.

o

8:

oo

toS H 3 < < ~ a 2 d*2.

c »

a t-'*'

g *

L-§

3.

D

cq'

N

cD CL

cr

'c

„ Dates of Grants. Dates of Acts. Estates granted. Names of Grantee*. Estimated Yearly Value of Estate* at the Time of granting. 1 For what Terms previously held.

20th February 1730. 12 & 13 Wm III. C. 13. Sec. 6. and 1 Anne, Cap. 7. Sec. 8. Brought so Kent: — A Piece of Land, witln several Houses thereon, adjoining to [ the Royal Hospital for Seamen at ( Greenwich J rward - Trustees for Green- wich Hospital \ £. t. d. 6,118 18 8 54 —

7th July 1742. 12 Geo. II. Middlesex: — Divers Parcels of^ Ground and Houses in New Palace Yard, King Street, Union Street, Privy Garden, and Whitehall, and \ sundry Fee Farm Rents issuing out of other Houses and Ground near Westminster Bridge. Trustees for the Com-") missioners of West- L minster Bridge -J 55315 — j Part not in Lease; the’! Remainder held for various I Terms under several Rents, ( making £.23. 12. Gj -J

29th March 1745. 17 Geo. II. Oxford: — Divers Coppices, and*) other Lands, in the Forest of Shot- 1 over, with Two Rents of £.50 and [ £.50, reserved on the Leases thereof J Trustees for Augustus\ SchutZy Esq. 5C2 15 — 16 Years from Christmas') 1744, at Two Rents of £. 50. f and £. 50 per Annum -J

14th February 1748. 21 Geo. II. Surrey: — The Manors of Wook-"| ing, Chabham, and Bagshot, with the Appurtenances -j Abel Walter, Esq. - . Remainder of i,oooo Years1 from Michaelmas 1671,! without Rent -J

No Grant, but vested by Act of Parliament. 22 Geo. II. Lincoln: — The Manors of Spalding"! and Holbeach, with the Appurtenances J Trustees for Francis! Earl of Dalkeith -J 4,000 During Heirs Male of) Francis Duke of Buccleaghy j at £. 5 per Annum - -J

- - - D° - - - D» - . Middlesex: — Also a piece of Land,) near the King’s Mews, in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields - -J - - - D° - - Unknown. - D# - at 5 s. per Annum -

3d January 1752. 22 Geo. II. Lancaster: — The Manor of Gar-) stang and divers Land, with a Rent ( of t. 10. 8 s. reserved by the Leases f thereof - - - - -J Trustees for Edward\ IValjJole, Esq. -J 1,44210 — 26 Years from 22d Octo-) ber 1752, at a Rent of > £. 10. 8 s. p£r Anhum - J

9th May 17 *>3 & 23d March 1759. 25 Geo. II. Lincoln: — The Manor of Crow-") land, with the Appurtenances - j Trustees for Thomas'} Or by Huntery Esq. j . 1,753 11 9i' 22 Years from Lady Day’) 1753, at ar Rent of £. 178. 15 s. 6 d. reduced by Allowances to the Lessee to L85.6s.6d. - -J

1st March 1755. 12 Geo. II. Middlesex: — A piece of Ground") in St. Margaret’s Lane, Westminster, for widening the Street there - -J Trustees for the Com-") missioners of Westminster Bridge -J { 2 t'ears from Christmas") 1754, Rent £.7. 3. 4. for V this and many other Parcels J

28th January 1756. 28 Geo. II. York: — A Grange or Farm, called j Fewson Grange, Parcel of the late Monastery of Mclsa, otherwise MeuxJ Trustees for Richard'| Crovoley Esq. -j 204 10 -{ 21 Years from 18th Au-1 gust 1756, at £. 34. 1 os. 2d. J* per Annum - - -J

Rents reserved in Perpetuity.

£. s. d, 248 12 8

Purchase Money or

Consideration.

£. s. d. 9,745 — n

28 15 —

2,684 7 9

Exchequer.

5,650 —

Exchequer.

f No Fine or Consideration was required for this Grant, J the Interest of the Crown, after the Expiration of the I Term of i,ooooYear$, being ^considered as of no Value.

These Estates were divested out of the Crown by the Act of Parliament. No { previous Enquiry or Estimate appears to have been made respecting the Value -of the Crown’s Interest.

to

OY

o

2,379 4 —

Exchequer.

8s 6 61

98 9 — 210 9 3J

f In Exchange - J forother Ground [ there.

r In Exchange I for a House and " 1 Land at Wind-[ nor.

" The Two additional Rents, making £.3 08. 18.3. were made payable from,) Lady Day 1752; and, with N the former Rent, were estimated to be a full Consideration in lieu of Fine or „ Purchase Money.

1

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

O

No Grant, but an- ( 2 Geo. III. nexed by Act of

Parliament in 1762.

25th Sept. 1765.

29 Geo. II.

2ed April 1773. 12 Geo. Ill,

16th Nov. 1774.

10th May 1775.

22d Sept. 1775.

3d January 1777.

16th October 1787,

7 Geo. III.

26 Geo. II.

12 Geo. III.

10 Geo. III

23 Geo. III.

Middlesex. — A Piece of Ground inPicoadilly, r. ithTwo Houses there on, for enlarging St. James’s Church Yard....

Middlesex. — Fourteen Messuages^ on the West Side of Charing Cross, 1 and in Spring Gardens, for widening I the said Streets - - - -J

London, — Two Messuages in Fen-'j church Street, and One Messuage I in Addle Street, in the City of London -

3

York — The Manors of Mulgrave"! and Seton, with the Lands, Tene- ( ments, Timber, Allum Works, and Appurtenances, thereto belonging J

Middlesex, — A Piece of Ground "1 in Great George Street, next to St. [ James’s Park, with Part of a House [ thereon - - - -J

Annexed to Saint"! James’s Church Yard J

Trustees for the Corn-"! missioners of West- \ minster Bridge - -J

Frederick Montagu'j Esquire, in Trust for ( Sir Roger Burgoyne I and others - -J

Constantine Lord Mulgrave

Surrey, - Richmond Ferry

Wilts. — The Manor of Cosham, J writh the Appurtenances - -J

Surrey. — A Parcel of Land in' Richmond New Park

Thomas Clark

Honourable Henry" Hobart, in Trust for the Commissioners for building Richmond Bridge -

Paul Methuen, Esq.

Thomas Lord Camel-" ford - - -J

28 — —

577 -

96 ——

f 25 Years from Michael-<mas 1762, at £.3. 10. per: [Annum

T For different Terms < under 3 Rents, making [£.72. 2. 6. per Annum -

2,696 ——

Besides the Allum Works*.

32 11 10 \

80 ——

80 4 10J

26 5 —

23 Years from 4th of April 1774, at a Rent 200.

°n

1

17,306 2 2$

f 25 Years from 22d May*! <1775, 6*. 8d. perl

[Annum - - -J

23 Years from 3d June' 1775, at £.3. 13- 4-Annum

25 Years from 29th Dec.*! 1775, at £.78.4.+!.^ per Annum - - -J

f 24 Years from 2d Aprill <1787, at £.2. 10. perl [Annum -J

1,200 ——

32 11 10} from 22 May 1800

3 13 4

78 + 4

3.10 —

3,96015 —

Exchequer

27,000 ——

f Free Passage over the Bridge for the Royal k Family.

760 — —

1,294 6 4

1,988 17

52,273 10 4

Peter Burrell, Esq. Surveyor General

These Houses were appropriated to the Enlargement of St James’s Church Yard by Act of Parliament, without Payment of any Consideration for them to the Crown.

These Houses escheated to the Crown, by Reason of a Defect in the Will of the former Proprietor, and were thus granted to supply that Defect.

The Fee Simple of the Allum WTorks was valued at 20,000l.; the Lessee’s Interest for the Term of the Lease at 14,236/.; and the Crown’s reversionary Interest in Fee at 5,764 /.; Value of Timber on the ^Premisses 2,048 /.

The Rent the full Value.

Exchequer

Exchequer

f Value of Timber on the \ Premisses, 194/.

f Value of Timber on the \ Premisses, £.1,009. 14* 10.

Cjfr

to

Q

K

o

to

W m.Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

50® H

Or

1006

25° Mail

j:

ll

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

N° 29.

Gentlemen,

I received your Letter of Enquiry, as to the Manner in which the Sum of Twenty-seven thousand Pounds were applied, a Sum paid by Lord Midgrave into the Hands of ray Father, in the Year 1775, when he held the Office of Surveyor General of the Crown Lands. There did not appear to be any such Sum of Money in his Hands at the Time of his Death; and to the best of my Recollection the Sum alluded to was, some short Time previous to his Demise, paid to Sir Grey Cooper, who then filled the Office of Secretary to

the Treasury. Whatever further Information, at any future Time, I may be able to give on this Subject, the Board may command; but at present I have none, though I was the sole Executor of my Father’s Will: I have the Honor to remain, with great Respect, Gentlemen,

May, 17th, 1792. Your faithful

Whitehall. and obedient Servant.

Pet. Burrell,

To the Commissioners for D. G. C.

enquiring into the State of Crown Lands, &c. &c.

N° 30.

Extract from a Report of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands to the Lords of the Treasury, on the Application of Lord for a Grant

in Fee of the Manors of Mulgrave and Seaton, in Yorkshire, pursuant to an Act of Parliament passed in the Year 1767.

Your Lordships will, I hope, pardon me for going so far out of my own Department, as, with the greatest Deference, to offer one Thing to your Consideration. — The Act of Parliament only directs the Payment of the 1,200l. per Annum, and enables His Majesty to sell the Estate: to what Use the Purchase Money is to go, not being appropriated in the Act, I shall not presume to say. All that the Aggregate Fund could ever receive from this Estate, under the Civil List Act, would be a small Sum, by Way of Fines on Renewals, during His Majesty’s Life; but if this considerable Sum for the Purchase should be thought not applicable to His Majesty’s Use, at least there can be no Doubt but the 2,048/. arising from the Timber, as well as a Sum which 1 presently shall mention, are indisputably His Majesty’s Property, for the Timber may be cut down, and the Estate sold afterwards.

I have, in my former Part, presumed to mention, that even if it should be thought that the Purchase Money is to go to the Aggregate Fund, Timber to the Amount of 2,04^/. is doubtless not under the same Perdicament. I shall here beg I^eave to mention that a Sum of Money, or Stocks, Stores, and Utensils in the Allum Works, are to be delivered to His Majesty, at the End of the Term. I humbly submit whether that Sum amounting to 3,990/. is not also of the same Nature. I have thought it my Duty to mention these Two Particulars.'

(Signed) Peter Burrell,

Surveyor General.

A true Extract. 20th November, 1771.

lVm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

A. 1792.

N° 31.

A State of the Forms of Proceeding in passing Crown Leases through the several Offices concerned therein, from the First Application for, to the final Completion of the Lease.

1st. The Party desiring to obtain a Grant or Renewal of a Lease from the Crown, prefers a Petition or Memoral for that Purpose to the Lords of the Treasury.

2d. The Lords of the Treasury refer such Petition to the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, and direct him " to report to them the true State and Value " of the Premisses, with his Opinion what may be fit " to be done thereon."

3d. The Surveyor General reports to the Treasury a State of the Case, and the Value of the Premisses petitioned for, with his Opinion whether it may or may not be proper to grant the Lease desired, and on what Terms or Conditions the Lease may be made, if it appear to him fit to be granted.

4th. If the Lords of the Treasury approve of granting the Lease, and of the Terms proposed by the Surveyor General, they issue a Warrant, directing him " to make forth a Constat, or send to the proper Auditor for a Particular of the Premisses, and to rate " the same, in order to the passing such Lease accordingly."

5th. The Constat or Particular contains a Description of the Estate to be demised. Therefore, if the Lease applied for be merely a Renewal or Prolongation of a former Lease, and no such Change has happened in the State of the Premisses, as may make it necessary to vary the Description contained in the preceding Lease, the Surveyor General sends a Warrant to the Auditor (in whose Office the Leases are inrolled) to make forth a Particular, which is a Copy of the Description in the former Lease, with an Abstract of the Covenants and Provisoes inserted therein: But if the Estate applied for has not been in Lease before, or if it be only a Part of what has been comprized in a former Lease, or if the State of the Premisses has been so altered, by Building or otherwise, as to give Occasion for an Alteration in the former Description, then the Surveyor General makes forth a Constat, describing the Premisses, according to the State and Circumstances thereof, at the Time of granting the new Lease.

6th. The Constat or Particular (whichsoever the Case may require) is rated by the Surveyor General, which Rate contains a Specification of the Term of Years, Reserved Rent, and Fine, for which the Lease is to be granted, and the Covenants and Provisoes to be inserted therein; which Constat or Particular, and Rate, being transcribed on Parchment, and signed by the proper Officers, are transmitted to the Treasury.

7th. The Lords of the Treasury then issue a Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, or his Deputy, directing him to prepare a Lease to be passed under the Seal of the Exchequer, of the Premisses described in the Constat or Particular, and upon the Terms and Conditions specified in the Rate.

8th. The Clerk of the Leases in the Pipe Office prepares the Draught of the Lease; and a fair Copy of it, on Parchment unstamped (which is called the Transcript of the Lease) signed by the Deputy Clerk of the Pipe, is transmitted (together with the Constat or Particular, and Warrant of the Treasury) to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and is signed by him.

9th. From the Chancellor of the Exchequer the Transcript goes to the Lords of the Treasury; and being signed by them, is returned to the Pipe Office.

10th. The Lease is then ingrossed on Parchment, with the proper Stamps required by Law; and being

03 signed

signed by the Clerk of the Pipe, is transmitted to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who affixes to it the Seal of the Court of Exchequer. The Lease is then delivered to the Lessee, or his Agent

nth. The next Step is (in pursuance of a Proviso for that Purpose inserted in all Crown Leases) to inroll the Lease in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue; and lastly,

12th. To enter a Minute or Docquet (being a short Abstract thereof) in the Office of the Surveyor General.

Wm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N* 32.

A State of the Rules observed in the Surveyor General’s Office, in setting Fines, and reserved Rents, for Leases of the Crown Land Revenue.

The Rules of Proceeding in the Surveyor General’s Office, relative to granting Leases of the Crown Land Revenue, may be comprized under the following Heads; viz.

The Valuation of the Estates.

The Terms of the Leases, and Periods of Renewal.

The Proportion of the Reserved Rents: And The Computation of the Fines.

i st. As to the Valuation of the Estates.

In granting Leases of Houses, or of Ground for Building, it has been the Practice, for above Fifty Years past, to cause a Survey and Plan of the Premises to be taken by an experienced Builder or Surveyor; who is directed to examine the Condition and Value of the Buildings, and to certify what clear Yearly Rent they are worth for the Term proposed to be granted; or, if they consist of Ground only, or Ground and ruinous Buildings, what Rent the Ground is worth, to be let on a _building Lease, and the Value of the old Materials.

In ascertaining the Value of Lands, or other Property, various Methods are taken, according to the Nature and Circumstances of each particular Case.

For Lands, if there be no Survey, or other satisfactory Account of the Value of them previously existing in the Office, Land Surveyors are employed, to make actual Surveys and Plans; to examine and certify their Quality and Value; what Timber or Woods are growing on them: and whether there are any, and what Mines or Quarries. This Method of taking Surveys of Lands has been very generally practised in the Office during the last Sixteen or Seventeen Years, but was very little used for many Years before.

If the Nature of the Property be such that the Value of it cannot be ascertained, or judged of by View and Inspection, as of Manors where the Income arises by Fines, Heriots, and other Casual Profits, Tolls of Markets and Fairs, Profits of Fisheries, and the like, the Surveyor General requires either the Production of the Court Rolls, and Books of Account kept by the Parties, or a Certificate or Affidavit of the Average Yearly Produce; or uses such other Means as appear to him most likely to obtain the requisite Information.

In respect to Mines, the Value of which is always uncertain, and for which no fixed Rent can be reserved, or Fine taken, without Injustice either to the Landlord or Tenant, Endeavours are used to learn what Proportion of the Produce is reserved by private Landlords for Mines in similar Situations, or under similar Circumstances; — and Copies of private Leases of Mineral Property have been procured, as Prece* Vol. 47.

dents for Crown Leases of the same Nature, which Twelfth Report have for some Years past been brought as nearly as possible to the Standard of private Bargains of the like „ *

Nature.

a ly.As to the Terms of the Leases, and Periods

Renewal.

By the Civil List Act of the i st of Queen Anne,

Leases of Lands belonging to the Crown are not to be granted for more than 31 Years, or Three Lives; and of Houses for not more than 50 Years, or Three Lives;

Crown Leases are, therefore, granted and renewed for the Terms of 31 and 50 Years respectively. There are very few Instances of Leases for Lives granted by the Crown.

From the Words of the Civil List Act respecting Building Leases (" Where the greatest Part of the " Value of the Tenement, at the Time of granting the " Lease, consists of the Building or Buildings thereon") it has been held not legal to grant vacant

Ground for building, for more than 31 Years. ——

That Restriction has a Tendency to discourage Improvement by building on the Lands of the Crown, and on some Occasions has proved extremely inconvenient; and it is evidently repugnant to the Spirit and Intention of the Act, which is expressed to have been made, " To the End that the Land Revenues of " the Crown might be preserved, increased, and " proved, to the best Advantage thereof. " The Act seems therefore to want Amendment in this Respect.

There are no fixed Periods for renewing Crown Leases, either of Houses or Lands. The Tenants have usually been permitted to renew them at any Time most convenient to themselves; and Renewals are generally applied for when about Half the Terms are run out. The Preference of Renewal has, with very few Exceptions, been given to the former Lessees, or their Representatives or Assignees; and it is believed that this Custom has tended very much to the Improvement of the Estates, as Houses of the first Magnitude are built on 50 Years Leases granted by the Crown, which would not be built under private Leases of less than 99 Years; and the Buildings, in general, on the Crown’s Estate, are kept in as good Condition, and the Lands in as high Cultivation, as those which are private Property.

3/y. As to the Proportion of the Reserved Rents.

The Act of the 1st of Queen Anne requires that on every Crown Lease there should be reserved " The antient or most usual Rent, or more, or such Rent as " hath been reserved for the greater Part of 20 Years " next before the making thereof; and where no such " Rent hath been reserved, then a reasonable Rent,

" not being under the Third Part of the clear Yearly " Value."

Most of the Crown Leases, prior to the passing of that Act, had been granted under very small Rents; and as the Act did not positively require the Reservation of a Third Part of the Annual Value, except in those Cases where no Rent had been reserved before, but admitted, in all other Cases, of renewing the Leases under the antient Rents, it has happened that the Reservation of a Third Part has been made only in those Cases, where it could not be dispensed with; and, in most other Instances, the Leases continued to be renewed under the old [Rents, many of which were mere Acknowledgments, such as 6 s.8 d. — 10 s. — 20 s.

and the like.

The Case of the Bailiwick of St.James is, how ever, a remarkable Instance of the contrary. A great Part of that Estate, which consists of about 1,500 Houses, in and near the Parish of St. James, had been granted by King Charles the Second for a long Term, which expired at Michaelmas 1740, under a Rent of 5/. per

12 A Annum;

d

1008

25° Maii. A. 1798.

Twelfth Report Annum,; and having been divided into many Parcels, Revenueand an^ s°Id out to Builders and others, for the Remainder

v of that Term, it was determined, on granting new

Leases, to reserve an Eighth Part of the Yearly value of the Houses, as a Ground , payable to the Crown. The same Proportion of an Eighth was also reserved on renewing some other Leases of Houses, which had been granted under small or nominal Rents.

With few Exceptions, the Custom of renewing Crown Leases, under the old Rents, continued till the Year 1769; When a general Increase of the Reserved Rents, was begun to be made, in consequence of the following Order of the Treasury to the then Surveyor General.

" Sir,

" -The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury having taken into Consideration several Leases " of Crown Lands, and Reports of Mr. Herbert, late " Surveyor General, on several Petitions for Reversionary Grants of Leases, which are sent you herewith; and my Lords having fully enquired and ex-<camined into the several Matters contained therein,

" have commanded me to signify to you their Opinion " that the said Leases will bear an Increase of One " Fifth at least of the Annual Reserved Rent comprized therein, respectively: And my Lords desire " that you will rate the Annual Reserved Rents accordingly, and return the said Leases and Reports to this Board, so altered, unless in any particular Instance you " should sec Cause to the contrary.

" I am, &c.

" Thomas Bradshaw."

" Treasury Chambers,

" 17th June 1769.

" Peter Burrell, Esq.

" Surveyor General."

In Explanation of this Order the Surveyor General received verbal Directions at the Board, that the increased Rents were to commence from the Time of renewing the Leases: The Addition of One Fifth to the old Rents was, therefore, made payable as well during the remaining Terms of the then subsisting Leases, as the Reversionary Terms granted by the new Leases.

But this Order was soon found inadequate to the Purpose of either making any considerable Addition to the Annual Income, or bringing the Reserved Rents to any Thing like an equal Proportion of the Value of the Estates; for, among the Leases then in Course of Renewal, there was One of an Estate of 650/. per Annum, held under a Rent of 20 Shillings per Annum; another of 200 /. per Annum, at 65. 8; and a Third

of 80/. per Annum, at 76/. To have reserved on these Leases an additional Rent of One Fifth would, in the Two First Instances, have been about a Five Hundredth Part of the Yearly Value of the Estates; and, in the Third, would have exceeded the full Yearly Value.

The Surveyor General, therefore, under the Clause in the Order which left him at Liberty to depart from it, where he should see Cause so to do, laid down this Rule for increasing the Rents; viz. To reserve an Eighth Part of the Value of the Estate as a Rent for the Term to be granted by the new Lease, and to add One Fifth to the former Rent, during the Remainder of the old Lease, where such an Addition would make it equal to or more than One Fifth of the Revesionary Rent of One Eighth; but where the old Rent was a mere Acknowledgment, as 65. 8 d. — 10 — or 20#. then to reserve a Ffth Part of thcReversionary Rent of One Eighth as an Addition to the old Rent, to be

a.

paid until the Commence went of the larger or Reversionary Rent.

For Example.

If an Estate of the Value of 80 /. per Annum was held under an old Rent of 5 I., a Fifth Part, or 20 s. being added to that Rent, would make 61, per Annum to be paid during the Remainder of the old Lease, and an Eighth of the Value, or 10 per Annum, would be the Rent for the Reversionary Term; but if the old Rent had been 6 s. 8d. — 101 — or 20#., then, instead of adding One Fifth to that small Rent, the Addition w’ould have been 2 or One Fifth of the Reversionary Rent, to be paid during the Remainder of the old Lease, when the Reversionary Rent of 10/. would commence; and as a Compensation to the Lessees for the Payment of the additional Rents during the Remainder of their former Leases, a proportionable Abatement was made from the Fines.

But this Mode of Reservation being productive of much Confusion, and the increasing the Reserved Rents during the Continuance of former Leases occasioning many trifling fractional Additions to the Rentals, but no substantial Increase of Income, that Part of the Regulation was afterwards discontinued, and the following Rule was then established, which has been observed ever since: viz. To increase the Reserved Rents in those Cases only where they are less than an Eighth Part of the Yearly Value; and to raise them to that Proportion; and where no Rent has been reserved before, to reserve a Third Part of the clear Annual Value, as required by the Act of the 1st of Queen Anne.

Leases of Mines are, however, an Exception to this Rule: The Reservations in such Leases are commonly a small Rent or Acknowledgment of 10 or 20 s.per Annum, and an Eighth or a Tenth Part of the Produce, to be accounted for on Oath; which are the Proportions commonly reserved by private Landlords. If that Kind of Reservation is not consistent with the Act of Queen Anne, the Act would require to be amended; for if so large a Proportion as One Third of the Produce, or even of the clear Profits, were to be reserved, it would operate as a Prohibition to Adventures of that Kind, in the Lands belonging to the Crown.

4 ihly.As to the Computation of the Fines.

Though the Act of the 1st of Queen Anne limits the Duration of Crown Leases, and regulates the Reservation of the Rents; — and though the Fines for Leases, as well as the Rents, are mentioned in that, and in most of the subsequent Acts for the Civil List, there is no Law or Statute for regulating the Mode of computing or setting the Fines; nor is the Rate of Interest, or Number of Years Purchase, prescribed by any Order of the Treasury. In a Paper of Instructions, from the Lord Treasurer Southampton, and the Lord Ashley, Chancellor of the Exchequer, to the Surveyor General, in 1661, it was directed, " That His Majesty’s Surveyor " General should report to them his Advice, touching " the Fine and improved Rent to be reserved for His Majesty’s Service; " but as to the Quantum of the Fine, or the Rate of Computation, it seems to have been left to the Discretion of the Surveyor General for the Time being, to set such a Fine as, according to the Circumstances of each particular Case, should appear to him to be just, subject always to the Approbation of the Treasury.

The Fines for Leases of Houses and Leases of Lands have always been computed at different Rates of Interest, owing to the Difference in the Nature of the Two Kinds of Property. The Rates of Computation, prior to the Year 1769, were 10 per Cent. Compound

Interest

°°slg

1009

Interest for Houses, or about Ten Years Purchase (9. 9148) for a Lease of 50 Years; and 6per Cent. for Lands, or about Fourteen Years Purchase (13. 9290) for a Lease of 31 Years. For Leases for Lives the Rule was, to take Two Years Purchase for adding One Life to Two Lives in being. Years Purchase for Two Lives after One, and F Years Purchase for

Three Lives. In the Year 1769 these Rates of Com-

putation were revised by the then Surveyor General, Twelfth Report who made no Alteration in those respecting Leases of p"^u^and

Lands, thinking 14 Years Purchase a reasonable Value__________/

for a Lease for 31 Years or 3 Lives; but with respect to Leases of Houses, he established the following Rates of Computation (varying according to the Length of the Term in being) instead of the general Rate of 10 per Cent.; viz.

Rates of Computation. Value of a Lease of 50 Years.

YearsPurchase.

1st. When there were under 20 Years to come of an existing Lease -2d. From 20 to 30 Years - -- -- -3d. From 30 to 40 Years - -- -- -4th. Above 40 Years - -- -- --And the Fines are still computed at these Rates. 10 per Cent. 9 per Cent. 8 per Cent. 6 per Cent. 9. 9148. 10. 9616. 12. 2334. 15. 7818.

In computing the Fines for Leases of Houses, no other Deduction is made from the Annual Value estimated by the Surveyor than the Reserved Rent. For Leases of Lands, the Land Tax is deducted as well as the Reserved Rent, and the Fines are computed on the Surplus Yearly Value.

The Computations are made by Smart's Tables of Compound Interest (Tab. IV.) by deducting from the present Value of a Term of 31 or 50 Years, at the

given Rate of Interest, the proportional Value of the Lease in being at the same Rate; and the Remainder is the Number of Years Purchase, or Parts of a Year’s Purchase, for the Reversionary Term proposed to be granted; which Remainder being multiplied by the clear Annual Value of the Estate, the Product is the Amount of the Fine for the Reversionary Lease. An Example of each Sort will more particularly explain the Mode of Computation.

EXAMPLE 1st.

For a Lease of Lands.

Computation of Fine for renewing a Lease of Lands, to add 15 Years to 16 in being (to make up the Term

to 31 Years) at 6 per Cent. Compound Interest.

Annual Value (say) - - - ---£.100----

Reserved Rent -Jth - - f. 12 10 —

Land Tax - - - - 10----

----- ----- 22 10 —

Clear Annual Value - - £. 77 10 —

—; "ri^'

Present Value of a Term of 31 Years D* - of the Term in being, 16 Years

D° - of the Reversion of 15 Years

Years Purchase.

- ~ 13. 9290

- = 10. 1058

- = 3. 8232

77- 5

191160

267624

267624

Fine - - 296.29800, or £. 296 5 lii

Vol. 47.

35° M

A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

EXAMPLE 2d. For a Lease of Houses.

Computation of Fine for renewing a Lease of Houses, to add 28 Years to 22 Years in being (to make up the

Term to 50 Years) at 9 per Cent. Compound Interest. (

s» a.

Annual Value (say) ----- ----- - - 100--

Reserved Rent -fth - -- - 12 10 —

Clear Annual Value - £. 87 10 ~

Present Value of a Term of 50 Years D* - of the Term in being, 22 Years

D4 - Reversionary Term of 28 Years-

Years Purchase*

= 10.9616 = 9.4425

= j- 5191

87- 5

75955

106337

121528

Fine - 132.92125, or £. 132 18 4$

From the Amount of the Tines so computed, an Abatement is made for the Expence of the Survey (if One has been taken) in which Case the Surveyor’s Bill is paid by the Lessee, and some Allowance has usually been made towards the Fees of the Lease. The lowest Expence of an Exchequer Lease is from 50 to 60/., in Fees paid at the different Offices; and w'here Two or more Estates are comprized in One Lease, and granted for different Terms, and under separate Rents, the Fees are increased from 50 or 60/. to 80, 90, or 100l.; and in some Instances more; and the Allow7-ance on Account of Fees is varied accordingly. The Custom of making an Allowance on that Account is presumed to be founded on this Principle, that if such an Establishment of Officers is judged necessary for the Security of the Revenue, the Expence attending it should be borne by the Crown. In a Report of John Pulteney, EsqT Surveyor General, to the Lords of the Treasury, dated the 18th December 1723, he says — " In consideration of the Charges of passing the intended Lease, I have lessened the Fine of 526/. 10 " to 450/." And the Honble. Mr. St. John, late

Surveyor General, in a Report, dated 1st November 1783, says, — "The Fees for Crown Leases, though " paid by Individuals, are in reality a Charge on the " Revenue, it having immemorially been the Custom " for the Surveyor General to have regard to the Expences of the Lease, on setting the Fine, and to " make a discretionary Abatement therefrom, according to the Circumstances of each particular Case." The Abatement on Account of Fees is seldom in any Case so much as the actual Expences of the Lease. About Two Thirds of the Amount of the Fees are commonly allowed out of Fines for Leases of Lands; but for Leases of Houses, where the Advantage is greater, from the Rate of Interest being larger, and the Commencement of the Reversionary Term generally more remote, the Fines are commonly set at or very near the Sums to which they amount on Calculation; and little or no Abatement is made for Charges of the Leases.

TVm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N4 33:

A STATE of the Comparative Amount of the Produce of the One Eighth Part of the Value of the demised Estates of the Crown, which is reserved in Rent, and of the Seven Eighth Parts which are paid for in Fine.

Amount of Rents reserved on Leases, being about One Eighth Part of the whole estimated Value, as per Statement, N* 22

£. s. d.

Fines for Seven Eighth Parts of the Value on Leases of Houses, from 1760 to 1786, as per Account, N° 10, £. 56,538. 13s. 4 being on an Average - - 2,174 11

Fines for Seven Eighth Parts on Leases of Lands, from 1760 to 1786,

127,457/. being on an Average ----- - 4.903 14

Average Yearly Amount of Fines -....

3

9

£. d.

13,662 6 5 k

7,078 6 —

The Crown leases being commonly renewed when about One Half of the Leases are expired; — add Compound Interest on the Fines for Houses for 25 Years, at per Cent, and they will amount to -

And on the Fines for Lands for 15 i Years, and they will amount to

5.796 16 9 9,003 18 —

£. 14,800 14 9

2 5° Maii. 1011

N’ 34-

Guildhall, 20th October 1791.

Gentlemen,

The Committee for letting the Lands and Tenements belonging to the City of London have directed me to acknowledge the Honour of your Letter of the 21 st of September last, requesting a Communication of " the " Plan or System of Management of the Corporation Estates in London and Westmin;" and being ready to give all the Assistance in their Power, in the important Business under your Consideration, have desired me to acquaint you,

That the general Custom of the Corporation, in disposing of void Ground, or bad or ruinous Houses, upon Building Leases, has been to let the same by public Auction, at a Rate per Foot upon the Front of the Ground, divided into proper Lots according to a Plan, an Elevation where necessary, and under Conditions previously settled, whereby the Time of delivering Possession, the Term to be granted, the Form and Quality of the Building, the Time limited for the Execution thereof, the Allowance of Rent while the Buildings are erecting, and every material Circumstance, according to the Situation and Value of the Premises, are specified; and these Conditions being entered in the Contract Book, with a Blank for the Rent, and an Obligation in a sufficient Penalty subjoined, are filled up and executed by the highest Bidder, immediately after the Auction. The old Materials are generally allowed to the Contractor; and although not paid for separately, have always an Influence on the Ground Rent.

In letting Houses upon Repairing Leases, the same Method is observed. The Contracts specify the particular Articles of the intended Repair, which are previously settled by the Surveyor, under the Direction of the Committee, and the Execution always limited to One Year from the Date of the Contract, or from the Time of delivering Possession; and the Biddings are taken upon a Rent in Gross, instead of a Rate per Foot.

Those Tenants of the City who reside on their Tenures, and whose Ancestors, or themselves, have laid out Money in Improvements, or are established in Business, or under any such local Circumstance as would render it an Hardship to be subjected to a public Auction, are, when their Terms are become less than Three Years, allowed to treat for new Leases; and if their Proposals are approved, Contracts are made with them, to the same Effect as before stated.

Various Opinions have prevailed at different Times, as to the Extent of Term adequate to the Expence of Building: Much will always depend on Situation, Value of Money, and Success of Builders. Some Years since the Corporation found it necessary to grant Leases for Sixty-one Years, renewable every Fourteen Years at the Option of the Tenant, upon a Fine of Seven Years Ground Rent; and such Ground Rent and Fine to continue invariable for ever. At other Times they have granted Leases of Houses for 40 Years, renewable in like Manner, reserving for a Ground Rent One Eighth of the improved Rent, and fixing the Fine at Seven Years Ground Rent. Upon the Lapse of Renewal in some Cases, the Lease becomes absolute for the Term; in others the Tenant has the Option of subsequent Renewal on Payment of Interest on the Fine; but the Expence of Renewal on the Building Lease occurring 47 Years before the Advantage to be derived from it, the Right has been claimed in very few Instances; and as all Leases renewable upon determined Fines and Rents contain a Principle injurious to the Landlord, by excluding him from all Advantage of future Improvement Vot. 47.

this Practice has been for some Years discontinued; and Twelfth Report the Corporation have since found no Difficulty in letting on the Land Ground for Building upon Leases for 61 Years, and "evcnu*-Houses for 21 Years absolute. These are now considered as established Rules, and the Practice of taking Fines is generally discontinued; but those who are possessed of renewable Leases under the former Custom are nevertheless allowed the full Advantage of their Covenants.

All Rents payable to the City are reserved clear of the Land Tax and all other Deductions whatever; and the Leases are prepared in a stipulated Form, with the Addition of such special Covenants as arise out of the original Contract.

The Estates of the City are let by a Committee under the Controul of the Court of Common Council, the Representative Body of the whole Corporation. The Committee view the different Estates, when the Leases are near expiring, and at such other Times as Circumstances require. The preparing of Contracts, Leases,

Rentals, Sic. is Part of the Business of the Comptroller, who is Secretary to the Committee, and has the Custody of all Title Deeds, Leases, and other Evidences respecting the City’s Property. Upon the Execution of a Contract it becomes the Duty of the Surveyor to view the Premises as often as necessary to see it performed, and of the Chamberlain, to receive the Rent w hen due.

The Tenant is entitled to his Lease on covering in his Building, or finishing his Repair, and this being certified by the Surveyor on the original Contract, the Lease is executed as soon as possible.

By Order of the Committee you receive inclosed a Blank Draft of a City Lease, containing the common and usual Covenants; and they have particularly directed me to add, that if any further Information shall />

be thought necessary, your Secretary may at any Time receive it from,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient

and very humble Servant,

Jos. Bushnan,

The Honble. Commissioners Comptroller,

of the Land Revenue.

Land Revenue Office,

Gentlemen, October 21 st, 1791.

In Obedience to your Directions I have made Enquiry relative to the Plan of Management of the large Estate in Houses and Building Ground, respecting which you desired Information; and I herewith lay before you the Substance of the Information communicated to me by the Gentlemen concerned in the Management of it.

I am, Gentlemen,

Your most obedient,

humble Servant,

The Commissioners of the Wm Harrison.

Land Revenue.

Minutes of Information, communicated to Mr. Harrison, respecting the Plan of Management of a large Estate in Houses and Building Ground in and about London.

The Leases on this Estate are of Three Descriptions; viz.

1st. Building Leases, which are either of Ground not before built on, or of Ground with old Buildings, on which new ones are to be erected.

2dly. Renewals or Prolongations of Building Leases; and,

3d. Repairing Leases.

Different Rules are observed in granting the Leases of each Class.

12 B The

Terras of

Years.

Ground

Rents.

Land Tax.

Commencement of Rent.

Quality of Buildings.

Splitting of Ground Rents.

1012

25° M

A. 1792.

The BUILDING LEASES are granted for Terms not exceeding 99 Years, nor less than'50 Years, according to the Rate or Quality of the Houses; but the greater Number of them are granted for 99 Years. Leases of Ground in the same Situation are, in general, granted for the same Extent of Term; and where it happens that Parts of such Grounds are let at subsequent Periods, the Terms of the Leases are proportionally shorter, to make them all expire at the same Time.

The Ground Rents are commonly estimated at a Rate per Foot on the Front Dimension; but the Value of Building Ground being a Value created by building on it, the Ground Rents necessarily depend on Situation, and the Quality of the Buildings. They are, consequently, extremely variable; but m general they are computed at about an Eighth Part of the Yearly Value of the Houses proposed to be erected. Sometimes large Parcels of Ground, not before built on, have been let to One Tenant at low Ground Rents, as an Inducement to the covering them with Buildings; and Parts of such Ground let by the First Tenant to others at improved Ground Rents; but the leasing large Quantities of Ground to One Person is not now practised in letting this Estate.

The Ground Rents are always reserved clear of Laud Tax and all other Deductions.

The Commencement of the Ground Rent varies according to the Time that may be deemed necessary for covering in the Buildings: For Two or Three Houses, One Year is allowed; and from Three to Six Houses, Two Years. In some Instances Three Years have been allowed, but now rarely more than Two Years in any Case.

The Size or Quality of the Houses to be built is always previously stipulated. They are usually confined to First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate Houses (as described in the last Building Act) according to the Situation, and the Sort of Inhabitants they are designed for. Very few Fourth Rate Houses are admitted on this Estate. The Buildings are erected under the Inspection of the Surveyor of the Estate.

When Ground sufficient for more than One House is let to One Tenant, and several Houses are erected on it for Sale, or Parts of the Ground let out, and built on by others, it is usual to grant separate Leases of the different Houses to the Builders or Purchasers, at a specific Part of the original Ground Rent. This is done for the Accommodation of the Tenants, and in order to facilitate the Sale of the Houses, by freeing them from the Payment of any more than the Share of the Ground Rent separately charged upon them. Such Leases are commonly executed when the Houses are covered in; — but the reserving very small or nominal Rents is considered as highly objectionable, by reason that such Rents, from not being thought w orth the Trouble of collecting, are sometimes lost Sight of, and occasion the Title of the Landlord to be called in Question.

When new Houses are to be built on Ground where Old Matt-old Buildings are standing, the old Materials are some- ** times valued to the Tenant, and either pud for in Ready Money, or by a proportionable Advance on the Ground Rent; — and sometimes they ate sold to others: — But the Tenants of this Estate being permitted to renew their Leases at any Time, very few Instances of this Sort occur.

The Leases contain a Covenant for leaving all Im- Cowan-, provements on the Premises at the End of the Terms, and other common Covenants of Building Leases, with Exceptions in particular Cases, as Circumstances may require.

Renewals of BUILDING LEASES.

The Tenants are allowed to renew their Building Leases at any Time most convenient to themselves; several have renewed when they had between Twenty and Thirty Years to come, and some between Thirty and Forty Years.

The Preference of Renewal is always allowed to the original Improvers, or to the Persons possessed of the original Lease: If they decline it, the next Tenant holding under them is permitted to renew.

Those Leases are commonly renewed to make up the Term to Sixty-three Years, or Three Terms of Twenty-one Years. The new Leases are always granted to commence in Reversion, from the Expiration of the former Terms.

The Consideration paid for such Renewals is a Ground Rent, and a Fine for the Surplus Value.

Where the Rent reserved on the original Lease appears to be an improved Ground Rent, it is continued by the new Lease; but where the Ground has been let out by the first Tenant at an advanced Ground Rent, that Rent is reserved to the Landlord by the new Lease: And where a Ground Rent happens to be very small, and disproportionate to the rest of the Estate, it is raised to an Equality with the other Rents in the same Neighbourhood.

The Fines are calculated by Smart's Tables, allowing the Tenant Five per Cent. Compound Interest, first deducting the Ground Rent and Land Tax from the clear improved Rent, which the House is esteemed worth at the Time of Renewal, to be let on a Lease of Twenty-one Years, the Tenant performing all Repairs. The Calculation is made by deducting the present Value of the unexpired Term of the old Lease, from the present Value of a full Lease of Sixty-three Years, and the Remainder is the Fine for the additional Term: — Thus,

Suppose a Lease which has Twenty-five Years to come be renewed to make up 63 Years, the House worth a Rent of 100l. per , on a Lease of 21

Years, the Ground Bent 12/. 10*. The Land Tax 5/., and the clear Value consequently 82/. i-o*. per Annum.

— Then by Smart's Tables, -

Period of RenwaL

Pnfemct to Tenant.

Terms of Years.

Consider*

lion.

Rents.

Fines.

The present Value of a Lease for 63 Years, is -

And of a Term of 25 Years -

Value of the Reversionary Term of 38 Years -

Which being multiplied by the clear Value of the House

The Fine for the Renewal, is

or

year’* Purchase.

- ‘£Z 19.0750

- = I4.O939

- at 4.9811

- ' 82.5

-240055

09022

308488

410.94075 -

- £ 410 18 ql

No

--k-».

t

isurance. jjr ovenants.

irae of anting eases.

reference to enants.

.s;„ erms of ears.

- ‘ ’onsidera-. ou.

Repairs pre- iously spe-

>-<! lfied.

r

nsurance.

I:;

5

' lent,

*U

: i i

i>-

" i

r’. 1 2'\

A

-3

Ulowance ’\r, >r Loss by u' 1 tenants, &c.

:C.l il> 2

‘7.V

% buildings iewedby Purveyor.

u

C!

a

No Condition for Insurance against Fire is inserted in such renewed Leases.

The Covenants of the original Leases are continued, and any others added, in particular Cases, that may be deemed necessary.

REPAIRING LEASES.

Repairing Leases are seldom applied for till within a Year or two of the Expiration of a preceding Lease; and it would, in general, not be thought adviseable to grant new Leases sooner.

The renewing of such Leases is always considered as a new Letting, yet the Preference is always given to a former Tenant, if a good one.

The Leases are granted for 21 or 31 Years, according to the Nature and Expence of the Repairs to be performed.

The Considerations of granting such Leases are Rent and Repairs.

The Repairs are previously specified, and the Expence estimated by the Surveyor of the Estate; and they must be performed to his Satisfaction before the Lease is executed.

The Tenants on Repairing Leases are obliged to insure as near to the full Value of the Building as the Fire Office will allow.

The Rent to be reserved to the Landlord is ascertained by estimating what Rack Rent the Houses, when repaired, will be worth; and deducting therefrom so much as will be sufficient to repay to the Tenant the Expence of the Repairs, with Interest at 7 -4 per Cent, within the Term of the Lease; also the Land Tax, the Charge of Insurance, and any other Charges which an intermediate Tenant is liable to; and the Expence of repairing or keeping up the Houses during the Term, as well as of the First Repair, so as to reduce the Rack Rent as nearly as possible to a clear Annuity, which is the Rent to be reserved.

Where several Houses are taken on a Repairing Lease, by one Person, he is considered as entitled to some farther Allowance, for Risk of Loss by Tenants, and for his own Trouble; and in such Cases the Interest on the Money laid out is computed at 10/. per Cent.

There are inserted in the Leases the usual Covenants for the Agents of the Landlord to examine the State of the Buildings at particular Times; but the Surveyor of this Estate, being constantly among the Tenants, and overseeing the State of the Buildings, the inspecting of them at fixed Periods is rendered unnecessary.

To Sir Charles Middleton, Bari, Sir John Call, Bar', and John For Esq', Commissioners for enquiring into the State and Condition of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

Gentlemen,

I have received the Honour of your Letter, desiring my Opinion on the following Question; viz.

Supposing any Person to be possessed of an Estate consisting of several Hundred Houses in London and Westminster, in various Situations, of varsous Size and Quality, and of different Ages, Conditions, and State of Repair:

Supposing those Houses to have been let on Leases for Terms of Fifty Years, commencing at different Times, and those Leases, of course, falling in at different Periods, from One Year to Fifty Years hence:

What would be the Mode of managing such an Estate, the most advantageous to the Proprietor; and what Rules and Regulations are necessary to be established for that Purpose ?

In Answer thereto, I beg Leave to observe, that the Voi. 47-

First Point for Consideration, with respect to the Management of an Estate in Houses is, whether it be prudent to let Leases at Rack Rents, or to take Fines on Reserved Rents, less than the Rack Rents.

And I am clearly of Opinion, that it is adviseable to reserve, on such Leases, not more than Two Thirds of the Net Rack Rent, nor less than One Half thereof, deducting a reasonable Allowance for Repairs and Improvements, and to take a Fine, calculated upon the Value of the other Third or Half.

1st. Because it is found by Experience, that a heavy Rent operates considerably more than a Fine to damp the Spirit of Improvement and Repair.

2d. Because in the Case of the Insolvency of the Lessee, the Premises themselves afford, at all Times, a full Security of the Rent reserved on the Lease, if it be less than the actual Value.

The next Point is, whether it be prudent to grant Reversionary Leases: —

And I am clearly of Opinion, that Reversionary Leases are not to be advised, generally, in the Case of the Crown, nor of any private Proprietor, who is not pressed to sacrifice future Income to present Advantage, except it be for the Purpose of immediate and substantial Improvements, or unless it happens that the Leaseholder is the actual Occupier.

ist. Because no Person, except in the Cases mentioned, will pay a Fine for a Reversionary Lease, or Purchase any other Reversion, to make only the ordinary Interest of Money; for in the Valuation of a Reversion on Buildings, it is usual to calculate that the Reversion, when it takes Effect, is to repay the Purchaser his Money, with a Compound Interest of 6, 7, or 8per Cent, from the Time he advanced it; and if the Seller of the Reversion lay out the Purchase Money, he must be contented with the common Interest of the Day, and he evidently therefore makes a considerable Sacrifice for the present Use of the Money.

2dly. Because the Fine taken on a Reversionary Lease is calculated upon the supposed Difference between the Reserved Rent, and what will be the actual Value at the Expiration of the existing Lease; and that contingent Difference is seldom, in such Bargains, stated favourably for the Lessor.

The next Point is, the Length of the Terms to he granted: —

And I am of Opinion that Repairing Leases should not be for les6 Terms than 21 Years, nor more than 40 Years, according to the Condition and Quality of the Houses to be let; and Building Leases for not less than 60 Years, nor more than Ninety-nine Years, according to the Rate of Houses covenanted to be built.

It is lastly to be considered what Covenants should be inserted in the Leases: —

The Leases should contain, together with the usual Covenants, strict Covenants for maintaining and leasing the Premises in substantial Repair; for permitting the Surveyor or Agent of the Lessor to inspect, at all Times, the State of the Buildings; for insuring the Premises from Fire, for a certain Sum therein to be named, and producing Annually to the Receiver the Receipt on the Policy of such Insurance; for preventing injudicious Alterations, to the Injury of the principal WaUs, and Timbers; for preventing Annoyances; for vesting in the Lessor all Fixtures placed on the Premises during the Term; and for taking an Inventory thereof in the Course of the last Seven Years.

If the Premises he destroyed by Fire, and are not insured, the Lessor must rest solely on the Solvency of the Lessee for his Security. — If the Tenants are suffered to cut away principal Timbers, or remove or

alter

Twelfth Report on the Laud Revenue.

1014 25° Maii. A. 1792.

Twelfth Report alter Partition or Principal Walls, the Injury in conse-ReveuueaD<* quence is frequently beyond Remedy; and Houses i / are commonly damaged in a much greater Proportion

than the Value of the Fixtures, by being dismantled of them at the End of the Term.

Before any Leases are granted, an Agreement should be entered into by the intended Lessee, containing a Particular of the Repairs and Improvements necessary to be done immediately to the Premises; and it should be therein expressly stipulated, that he should not be entitled to the Lease, until it was certified by the Surveyor of the Lessor, that such Lessee had, in a proper Manner, performed the necessary Works.

It is apprehended that the Management of such an Estate may be well conducted by three Officers:

A SURVEYOR,

Whose Duty it will be, on the Establishment of the Office, to make accurate Plans and Descriptions of the whole Estate, which must be deposited in the Office, and will be of continual Use in Matters relating thereto; to enter into every House Once in every Year, between the Months of March and,

and inspect its State of Repair, and report the same, particularizing what Repairs, if any, ought to be done under the Lessee's Covenant; to see, at the Expiration of any Lease, that the Premises are left in a proper State of Repair, and that the Fixtures are not removed; and to ascertain the Rent to be reserved on a new Lease, the Length of Term to be granted, the Fine to be paid, and the Repairs to be done by the intended Lessee, before the Lease is granted; to certify whether such Repairs are properly performed; to annex accurate Plans to the Leases; to fix the Sum for which the Lessee should covenant to insure; and, generally, to advise upon all Matters relating to the Interests of the Estate.

A RECEIVER,

Whose Duty it will be to receive the Rents and Fines, giving ample Security for the Payment of the same, by Instalments, from Time to Time; and to satisfy himself, from the Insurance Receipts, that the Whole of the Estate is kept regularly insured by the Lessees.

And a COMPTROLLER,

Who will receive the Reports of the Surveyor, and act upon them at his Discretion, in enforcing the Covenants of the subsisting Leases, and in letting new Leases. He will receive Proposals from all Persons desirous of taking Leases; will settle the Conditions upon which they are to be let; and will prepare the Leases, and all necessary Agreements; and will generally act in all Matters relating to the Estate, under the Advice of the Surveyor. He will also audit the Accounts of the Receiver; and see that the Rents are,

in due Time, paid over by him, as shall be stipulated.

The Surveyor may be paid by a fixed Salary, for the Business which is regular and Annual, such as the general Survey of every House Once in every Year, and other contingent Services; and as to his Duty on the Expiration of Leases, which may vary much in different Years, by a certain Rate on the Amount of the improved Rents, and by a per Centage on the Repairs done on the Grant of a New Lease, to be paid to him by the Lessee. On the greatest private Estate in London, the Surveyor is paid by the Lessees 5 per Cent.on such Repairs.

The Receiver will be paid by a Poundage on the Rents and Fines.

The Comptroller, and such Assistants as are necessary to him, must be paid by Salaries; and will have the Emoluments derived from the Agreements and Leases. The Charges for them should be fixed at a

certain Sum, not exceeding the customary Rates on large Estates, which Sum should include all Fees whatsoever, and be paid by the Lessee; and all extra Fees to the Officers be in the strictest Manner prohibited, as such Fees are, in all Cases, ultimately paid at least Threefold by the Lessor.

I have herein stated, generally, what appears to me the proper Mode of managing an Estate of the Nature described, the most advantageous to the Proprietor, and the Regulations I would propose to be established for that Purpose.

I have the Honour to be,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient and Saville Row, very humble Servant,

5th Aug* 1791 S. P. Cockerell.

To the Commissioners for enquiring into the State and Condition of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

Gentlemen,

In Compliance with your Request, I have considered your Question, " What would be the Mode of " managing an Estate (consisting of several Hundred " Houses in London and W, in various Situations, Size, Quality, Ages, Condition, and State " of Repair, let on Leases expiring at different Times,

" from One to Fifty Years) the most advantageous to " the Proprietor; and what Rules and Regulations I " would propose as necessary to be established for that " Purpose ?" And beg to answer it as follows:

First, An Annual Rental and Particular should be formed, of all the different Houses, their Rents, their Leases, when granted, and when expiring; an accurate Plan of the whole Estate to be taken; and the Appointment of a confidential Surveyor and Receiver.

Secondly, Surveys to be taken of all the Houses and Buildings, for" State of Repair, according to the Covenants in their respective Leases; and Notices to be given to the different Tenants, where the Buildings have been neglected.

Thirdly, As the Leases become near expiring, I recommend, within Three Years of their Expiration, Renewals to be made with the Tenants in Possession, for either Repairing or Building Terms, as the State of those Houses shall require, or as the State of the adjoining Houses may be in, having Respect to a Probability of Improvement that may take Place at a small distant Period. All Agreements with Tenants to be made on their paying a Nett Annual Rent, subjecting themselves to lay out a certain Sum of Money, either in substantial Repairs, or Re-building, as the Case may require, within a certain Time, according to the Sums, Situation of Persons, and Necessities of the Case.

Fourthly, The Repairs or Mode of Building to be done by the Tenants should be particularized, or certain Sums specified to be laid out, to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor to the Estate; on whose Certificate, that the Sums have been properly expended, or the Repairs done, the Leases to be granted.

Fifthly, An Agreement or Contract to be entered into, on the Terms being adjusted.

Sixthly, Certain fixed Prices for Leases and Contracts to be paid by the Tenants.

Seventhly, The Tenants to pay in Addition to the Rent that shall be fixed, as much per Annum as will insure the Buildings from Damage by Fire, the Lessor binding himself to insure the Sum fixed on for Insurance. A Covenant to be in the Leases, stating the Mode to be proceeded upon, in Case of an Accident by Fire.

Eighthly,

92 Geo. III. 25°

Eighthly, Great Attention should be made by the Surveyor, that the Lessees do not neglect the Covenants in their Leases; if they do, Notices to be immediately given.

Ninthly, If Building Leases could be granted for 61 Years, or 99 Years, it would be veiy advantageous to the Estate.

I have the Honour to be.

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient and devoted Servant, Christ’s Hospital, Rich4 Norris.

Aug‘ 3d, 1791.

N’ 35-

To the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Gentlemen,

We are favoured with your Letter of the 13th of August, desiring our Opinions on the Management of Estates belonging to the Crown,

In consequence thereof we have taken the general Subject into Consideration, and have endeavoured to state our Opinions, as to the best Mode of managing a private Estate, both with respect to the present and future Improvement, except as to the Cultivation of Timber, which we have taken rather in a National Point of View.

Having premised thus much, we shall proceed to the Investigation of the Subject; for the better Elucidation of which we have classed it under different Heads; viz'.

SURVEYS.

We should recommend that an accurate Survey should be made immediately of each Estate, whether large or small, by eminent Surveyors of known Integrity, who should be under some Obligation for the faithful Performance of the Trust reposed in them; whose Instructions from the Board should be to make a particular Valuation per Acre of each Field, or Parcel of Ground, at same Time describing the Nature of the Soil, its present State of Cultivation, and whether it might not be improved by a different Mode of Husbandry; also the Kind and State of the Fences and Buildings, and whether they have been kept in Repair, according to the Covenants of the Lease; also what Timber, whether in Hedge-Row or Coppice, the Quantity of Underwood, and what is the usual Course of cutting; how many Years Growth, and whether any other Land might be advantageously planted with Timber or Underwood; the Situation with respect to Market Towns, Land or Water Carriage; and whether any Coal or other Mines, or a Possibility of opening any; also the Extent of Manors, if any, either belonging to or possessed over the Estate, together with all Fines, Quit-Rents, and Heriots, &c.; also the Amount of Tythes, Poor’s Rates, and Land Tax, with every Outgoing. In fine, every minute Circumstance should be mentioned that will throw any Light upon the Subject; all of which, together with a Copy of the Survey, should be entered in a separate Book for each Estate, as well as a Copy of the present Lease, so that when another View is taken, the Surveyor would have an Opportunity of referring to every Particular relative to the Estate, and compare its present State and Condition with the former, which at once would shew whether the Tenant has done Justice to the Estate, and whether it would be proper to grant him a farther Term.

And whereas it may often happen that small Fields or Parcels of Land are intermixed with Lands belonging to the Crown, it would be proper for the Surveyor to report the same, and, if possible, to buy them Vo 1,. 47.

Mail. 1015

at a fair Price, or exchange them for other Land, as that would increase the Annual Value of the Estate considerably.

LEASES.

In considering the Subject of Crown Leases, we are inclined to believe they have hitherto generally been renewed to Persons who in some Way or other have had Interest with Government at the Time of such Renewal, and of Course upon very advantageous Terms to the Lessee; and though, in some Instances, Fines may have been very small on Account of Services done to Government, yet at the Expiration of that Term the Obligation ceases.

We shall therefore take the Subject into Consideration, agreeable to that Idea, and consider the whole as private Property.

Having before recommended that descriptive Surveys and Valuations should be immediately made of every Estate, we now propose that a Review be taken within Three Years of the Expiration of every Lease, and an exact Valuation made of the Annual Value of the Estate, whether Land or Buildings; and if the present Possessor wishes for a renewal of the Lease, we should recommend that a Term not exceeding Thirty-one Years should be granted him, unless he engages to lay out a certain Sum of Money in Buildings, or other Improvements. In that Case Sixty-one Years would be proper, but not more, upon the following Conditions; that he should pay no Fine whatever, as we conceive all Fines whatever to be a Bar to Improvements, and but a temporary Service to the Lessor; and as to the Rent, he should pay One-half the Annual Value made by the Surveyor, the First Ten Years, and Three-fourths the Remainder of the Term; and although we mention this Proposal as a general Rule, yet we are of Opinion that many Instances will occur, where the Tenant has laid out very large Sums of Money, in Buildings, or other Improvements, in Expectation of a Renewal upon low Terms; in which Case some farther Allowance in the Rent might be made, according to the Circumstances of the Case.

The Annual Rent being agreed upon, the Nature of the Clauses of the Lease should next be considered; but as most Estates will vary as to the System of Agriculture, we cannot point out the particular Clauses to be adapted to each Estate; therefore shall only propose general Clauses, which must vary according to the Nature of the Estates; viz'.

All Buildings, Gates, Fences, Roads, and Ditches, or Watercourses, to be kept in complete Repair; and if not repaired within Three Months after Notice has been given to the I essee, the Lessor to have Liberty to repair the same, and the Expence attending such Repair to be considered as Rent due, which, if not paid, may be seized for immediately.

No Buildings to be suffered to be pulled down, or materially altered, without Leave, in Writing, from the Board, under certain Penalties. It may be proper, in some Instances, to allow a certain Quantity of Pollards, or Rough Timber, for Repairs; but that to be marked by the Surveyor, and with Consent of the Commissioners.

Underwood should be allowed to be cut at certain Periods only, according to the Custom of the Country; and all Saplings, or Maiden Oaks, to be left; and it may not be improper to allow a small Premium 100 to the Woodman, which we have known, in some Instances, to answer very well.

If there are any Vacancies, they should be planted at every Fall; the Fencing of Wood Lands should also be particularly stipulated, and especially towards the Conclusion of the Lease, as we have known many Instances where Cattle have been suffered to over run the Woods towards the Conclusion of the Lease, to the great Injury of young Timber.

12 C No

1016

25° Mail.

A. 1792.

Revenue.

Twelfth Rfcjwrt No Meedow, Pasture, or Coppiee Lend to be ploughed Which should be numbered and entered in the Sdrvey nn the Land ttp, wihout Leave, m Writing, under a Penalty of i© I. Book. From that Time the Tenant shouM take Pos-

per Ann. for every Acre so ploughed up. session, under strong Restrictions and Penalties, not to

No Hay or Straw to be carried off the Premisses, cut down any of the Trees so marked, but might have except within certain Distances of Cities or large Mar- Liberty to cut the Underwood at certain Periods, as ket Towns, and then a Proportion of Dung brought before stated^ upon giving Notice to the Board, whose on, instead; wV. Four Load for every Load of Hay, Agent should attend at the Fall, and call over the and Two for every Load of Straw, ok an equal Proper- Trees so numbered, by the Book; and, as an Encou-tion of Lime, or other Manure. ragement to the Tenant, it may be proper to have the

All Straw or Dung made on, the Premisses the last Trees, as well as Underwood, valued, at the Expira-Year of the Term to be left for the next Tenant, With- tion of his Term, if he quits the Premisses, and a cer* out any Allowance for the same. tain Proportion of the increased Growth of the Tim-

A System of Husbandry agreeable to the Custom Of ber, during his Term, allowed him, which would be an the Country, and best adapted to the Situation of the Inducement to his taking care of the Woods to the Estate, should be specified in the Lease, under certain Expiration of his Lease.

Penalties. With respect to the Mode of inclosing and planting

No Rabbits should be allowed upon the Estate, but Waste Lands, and the great Advantages arising the re-the Tenants should be obliged to destroy them, if any, from, we must beg Leave to refer you to our former they being a great destruction to young Plantations, Reports upon the Cultivation of Timber, where we as well as Corn. have fully stated the whole Progress, as well the

It may in some Cases be proper to restrict the Tenant inclosing and planting, as the particular Falls, at stated from letting off any Part of the Premisses, without Periods.

Xeave from the Board.

Tenants should be obliged to insure the Buildings from Fire, or re-build them at their own Expence.

No Bricks or Tiles should be made, or Clay dug, under a Penalty of lool. per Acre.

No Paring or Burning to be allowed, without Leave from the Board.

The Lessor to have Liberty to inclose Waste Lands,

We remain, Gentlemen,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

Kent Road, A. and Driver.

Octr 5th, 1791.

To the Commissioners of the Land Revenue. Gentlemen,

._, r, . f v/. t" , £ ’ In Answer to your Letter of the 15th of June last,

l l wherein you desire to be informed of my Opiuieo

1 j *1 t j l j wherein you desire to be informed ot my Opinion

being specified in the Lease; and when done a proper concernhf_ th t Mode of manaffin„ a laLe fstate

Allowance to be made for the same, which should also ,/». r ® ’

’ dispersed in different Counties in the Kingdom, so as

to render the same most productive to the Proprietor,

and which Estate is mentioned to be now let on Leases

be specified in the Lease, to prevent Disputes.

T I M B E R.

In considering this Subject, we shall not confine our-

for Thirty-one Years, expiring at different Periods;

I beg Leave, in the First Place, to observe, that as selves merely to the Timber now growing upon the a Certainty of Term, and proper Encouragement, given Estates belonging to the Crown, but shall endeavour to to the Occupiers of Farms, are the most probable Means point out some Method that may increase that Article of having the Lands improved, and best cultivated, it to a considerable Degree, so as to provide a future appears to me that it would be for the Interest of the Supply, as well for Government as private Consump- Proprietor of such an Estate, not to let whole Manors, tion, as from every Observation and Enquiry we have or very large Quantities of Land, together, on Lease, made, and we are convinced that, for many Years past, to an intermediate Tenant, but to let separate Leases the Consumption has exceeded the Produce, in a very of the different Farms to the Tenants in Possession (if great Proportion, and that there is a very great Proba- eligible) paying particular Attention to the Size of each bility, that Government will, in the Course of 50 Years, Farm; and if any of them are too small, Two, or per-find a real Scarcity of Oak Timber, to the great In- haps Three, might be laid together, so that few of jury of the Navy, and of course a very serious Loss to them should be less than Sixty Pounds a Year, under this Nation. which Tenants, generally speaking, have but little

Under this Idea we conceive, that every Exertion Substance wherewith to make any considerable Im-ought to be made by Government, to prevent such provements.

fatal Consequences; for we cannot expect that private Gentlemen will plant large Quantities of Oak for the Public Good, when neither they, or their Successors, for Two or Three Generations, can expect to reap the Benefit of it. Surely, then, we have no other Hope but from Government, who having large Tracts of

The Terms of the Leases, I conceive, should not be more than Thirty-one Years, nor less than Twenty-one, and the Tenants should be allowed to treat for new Leases about Four or Five Years before the Expiration of the former Terms, unless there should be any Objection to the continuing the old Tenants, on

Land lying dormant, have an Opportunity of reserving Account of Non-payment of Rent, or Breach of any certain Parts for Planting, which under proper Regu- of the Covenants or Conditions of their Leases. This lations and Restrictions, would insure a certain Supply will encourage them to persist in a Course of good for the Navy, as well as private Consumption. Husbandry and Improvement, and to keep the Build-

We shall therefore suppose that most Estates belong- ings, &c. constantly in a proper State of Repair, which ing to the Crown consist of Lands of various Qualities, will otherwise be wholly neglected, or very sparingly a considerable Part of which might be advantageously done, as well as the Lands impoverished by too fre-planted with Oak and other Timber, without Injury to quest Cropping, and Want of Manure, towards the the other Part of the Estate. We should therefore re- Expiration of the Leases, if the Tenants are under any

commend that, previous to the Renewal of every Lease, a Surveyor, appointed by the Commissioners, should report (as before recommended) what Quantity of Land would be proper for the Growth of Timber,

Apprehensions of not obtaining a Renewal.

The most material Consideration in the present Enquiry seems to me to be, Whether Fines should be taken for Leases of such an Estate, or the Tenants pay

which should be planted and preserved for the first 14 in Rent only; and I am clearly of Opinion, that it is Years by the Commissioners, or their Agents, when a most advantageous to the Proprietor not to take Fines, regular fall of the Underwood should be made, leav- but to reserve an Annual Rent, clear of all Deducing a proper Quantity of young Trees for Timber, tions, and that the Proportion should be Three Fourths

a of

25° Maii.

1017

of the full Value of the Farms, the Tenant to pay the not elsewhere; and that eaeh Tenant shall be obliged Twelfth Report

Land Tax, and all other Outgoings, and to do all Re- every Year to feed or 9ummer Pasture about One ^e^*u^an'1

pairs, having rough Timber (if sufficient on the Pre- Fourth Part of their Meadows (Water Meadow ex- e ue‘ misses) allowed for that Purpose. This 6eems a rea- cepted) so that the whole Quantity of Mowing Ground, sonable Proportion, from the following Calculation: may be Summer fed once in Four Years, as mowing

Suppose a Farm of Two hundred Pounds a Year, the Lands too often, and too long, is a great Prejudice to

Land Tax 3 21.8 s.the Expence of Annual Repairs them, unles they have a proportionate Supply of

about 15/. (in general about 7} per Cent, is allowed Dung, which is seldom the Case, the most considerable for large Farms, and near Ten per Cent, for small Ones) Part, in general, being laid upon the Arable Lands, making together 47/. 8$. which leaves 152/. 12J. In Farms that have a good Proportion of Meadow, being a Balance of 21. 12$. in Favour of the Tenant, and no convenient Opportunity, by an adjoining River, at Three Fourths the Rent to be paid clear, viz. 15 ol.for flowing them, the Tenants should be obliged, by

a Year, which is little enough for Losses, bad Seasons, a Covenant, to lay upom them about One Third Part or other inevitable Accidents. of the Dung which their Farms produce, and supply

It may perhaps be supposed, that to reserve less the Deficiency for the ploughed Part with Lime in due ~ " Proportion.

Respecting the Timber in the Kingdom in general, it is universally acknowledged, there is a great De-

Rents, and to take Fines for Leases, would be a better Security to the Proprietor against Loss by Tenants, and occasion less Expence in Agents. It is certain that a

small Rent is better secured on an Estate, of any given crease of Oak, fit for the Supply of the Navy, and that Value, than a large one, and that the taking Fines the present Growth is far inferior to the Demand, would be an effectual Method of procuring responsible which must be very considerable, for the Merchants and substantial Tenants, as none other could advance Service, as well as for the Navy; so that if some the Money for paying the lines. But I am of Opi- Regulation is not adopted for the Preservation and nion, that moderate and reasonable Rents (as Three- Increase of young Timber, the decreasing stock must fourths of the Value appears to me to be) would be soon be worked up. It appears therefore highly ne-well secured by the Stock, which must necessarily be cessary for the Legislative Power seriously to take into kept upon the Farms, and with common Attention on Consideration the most salutary Means of establishing the Part of the Receivers, such Rents would be regu- such Nurseries as may remove all Apprehensions of a larly paid, at the usual Time and Place of holding Want of a sufficient Supply of that valuable Article, Audits in the different Counties, inserting a Condition and of effectually preserving those Nurseries for the for that Purpose in their respective Leases: I do not Benefit of Posterity, which might be more easily done see that more Agents would be necessary in this Mode on Lands which belong to the Public, than on private than in the other; but if it should be necessary to ap- Property. In the Estates belonging to the Crown, point a Bailiff to some particular Estates, of greater now on Lease, where the Situation happens to be near Magnitude, the Difference in Point of Profit, by this a navigable River, and the Land of a Quality to pro-Method of Leasing, would well pay for that Expence, duce Timber fit for the Navy, such Woods should

which could not in any Case be considerable.

Great Care should be taken in making the Leases, to insert proper Covenants and Restrictions suitable to the Course of Husbandry in the different Counties, and for the particular Preservation of the Timber;

certainly, on the first Conveniency, be taken into Hand, and put under the Care of proper Woodwards, appointed for that Purpose, One or Two in a County, according to the Size, Extent, and number of the Woods. — Tn the Manor of Eltham, for Instance, there

and also to oblige the Tenants to cover the Buildings, are many Woods, in most of which the Timber grows in general, with Tile, instead of thatching them with very quick; and if it were carefully preserved, would Straw, not only as a better Security against the Acci- be fit for the Use of the Navy in a few Years, the dents and Misfortunes which frequently happen by Land being perfectly suitable for the Growth of Oak. Fire, but to prevent robbing the Land of great Quan- From the Vicinity of this Manor to the River Thames, tities of Manure, that the same Straw would produce, it is greatly to be lamented that Oak Trees, about

In the Counties near London, where it has been the Custom many Years to sell Hay and Straw, and not to fodder it out to Cattle, and use it on the Premisses, as is usual aft greater Distances from the Metropolis, to bring on, for every Load of Hay so sold off, Three full Waggon Loads of good rotten Dung, or Twenty

Twenty or Thirty Years Growth, within the Girt of Forty Inches round, at Breast high, in the most thriving State, should be cut down, as they are, in great Numbers at every Annual Fall of Underwood, according to an old ("and the Wood Buyers say, an established) Custom, on that Estate. Those Trees are sold to the Bushels of Lime or Chalk; and for every Load of Buyers of the Underwood, of which they are considered Straw so sold off from the Premisses, One good Load a Part; and they undertake to leave Twenty in Num-of rotten Dung, or Ten Bushels of Lime or Chalk; ber on every Acre; and when they have selected the and to lay, spread on, and bestow on the Premisses, all most thriving Oak Trees to answer their Purpose best, the Dung, Soil, and Compost as shall Yearly arise or for the more easily splitting into Rails and Pales (the be made on the Premisses, or be be brought thereon in only Use they are fit for, and the very Trees that ought lieu of Hay or Straw sold off as aforesaid; to be re- to remain for Timber) Part of the Number to be left, strained from breaking up Meadow Lands, under a is generally made up with any other Sorts, such as Ash, Penalty of Ten Pounds an Acre; and, in the last Year Birch, Withy, or Poplar. This is a serious Truth, of the Term, to prepare the Fallows for succeeding* which I have been a Witness to several Years past; Tenants, according to Custom. Also a particular Re- and as the Land in this Manor, or the major Part of striction to prevent the lopping, topping, and stripping it, is particularly adapted to the Growth of Oak, and up the Timber Trees, under a severe Penalty; and not considering the advantageous Situation for the Dock to take more than Two Crops of Corn or Grain (Tur- Yards of Woolwich and Deptford, it is unfortunate these nips and Clover not to be deemed a Crop) successively, Woods are not reserved in Hand, which, by an im-without giving the same One whole Year’s clean Sum- proved Plan of Management, would turn out to a great mer Tilth or Fallow, according to the regular Custom Account, and afford, in due Time, a large Supply of of Husbandry. In ^Counties farther distant from Lon- Navy Timber; nor should such Reservation be con-don, and not near any great Town, the Tenants to fined to the Woods alone, there being a considerable inbarn and stack all the Hay, Com, and Grain of every Part of the Estate now under Cultivation, of a very Kind, that shall be mowed, ireaped, or cut on 'the Pre- strong and deep Clay, which would answer better for misses, and the Straw and Fodder arising therefrom the Growth of Oak, than for Beans, Wheat, or Oats, shall feed, spend, and fodder out on the Premisses, and as very often in wet Seasons, the Land being so very Vol. 47- strong

1018

5° Man. A. 1792.

Twelfth Report on the Laud Revenue.

strong and deep, the Tenants are either prevented from sowing their Corn at all, or obliged to put it into the Ground in such a State as to expect very little Return. If, therefore, these Lands were also taken into Hand, planted with Acorns, and proper Care taken for their Preservation, it would increase the succession of Timber, which the Situation of the Country absolutely requires.

If proper Encouragement were given to private Persons to promote the Growth of Timber in order to keep up a due Succession, and a particular Proportion of every Gentleman’s Estate, where the Land is kind for the Growth of Oak, were inclosed and planted with Acorns, and preserved effectually from Cattle, &c. during the future Growth, till the Trees were of a sufficient Size, and not to be cut down on any Pretence whatever till arrived at Maturity, and a Premium given by the Crown for every Hundred Acres so inclosed and planted; and such Woodlands rendered ever after free from Tythe and all Taxes whatever; and in Consideration of which, to be reserved as an intended future Supply for the Navy; perhaps this might be One Step towards the Means of supplying the Deficiency: And above all, if the Forests belonging to the Crown were planted and properly preserved, and in a due Course of Years brought into regular Annual Falls, \yhich by proper Attention might be effected, the Navy then would be under no further Danger of wanting a regular Supply of large and fine Timber.

Respecting the Commons or Waste Grounds belonging to the different Manors, such Parts as are convertible into Arable or Pasture Lands, in order do make the greatest Improvement, should certainly be inclosed; and, if no very great Quantity, laid to the Farms most contiguous. If they are very extensive, separate and distinct new Farms might be made, and suitable Buildings erected, and a certain proportion of Land allotted to the Rector for his Tythes of the Waste or Common so inclosed, and also proper and convenient Allotments to be laid to the little Freeholders and Copyholders, having Rights of Common, in Proportion to the Quantity and Value of their little Tenements and Bargains, leaving proper and convenient Roads and Communications. Tops of Hills, and other barren Places, that might be found of an inferior Quality, and not worth Cultivation (though the Lands round such Parts may be fit for the Plough) might be planted with Scotch Firs, Larch, or Beech, which will generally grow and thrive in almost the worst Soils, and in a Course of Years would become useful as well as ornamental to the Country.

In considering the Subject of your Enquiry, I have proceeded upon the Supposition of their being an established Office for the Management of the Estate in Question, with Power to grant Leases and to appoint proper Agents. I conceive it to be absolutely necessary for that Office to be possessed of accurate Surveys, Plans, and proper Descriptions of every Estate, shewing the respective Quantities of Arable, Meadow, Pasture, Wood, and Waste Lands, and the Value thereof. Such Surveys will always be necessary for enabling the Office to fix the Rents or Fines in granting Leases, and to have a proper Controul both on the Tenants as well as their own Agents; and they will also be useful for guarding against the Loss of Lands by Concealment, Removal of Fences, Intermixture of different Properties, or otherwise, and enabling the Office to judge what Improvements the several Estates may be capable of: And I am also of Opinion that besides Receivers for collecting the Rents in different Counties, it would be necessary to have a Sort of Itinerant Surveyor or proper Person employed to take a View of each Estate, at least Once a Year, to see that the Covenants in the Leases are performed, the Farms cultivated according to the improved Mode of Husbandry, the

Timber properly preserved, and the Buildings kept in Repair, and to assign proper Timber for the Uses of the Farms, and see that it is not misapplied.

Different Regulations may perhaps be found necessary for some Estates, under particular Circumstances, but none other occur to me at present as generally necessary.

Iam, Gentlemen,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Thtf Richardson.

Chelsea, 24th August 1791.

Gentlemen,

Having received the Honour of your Letter of the 15th June, requiring my Opinion upon the best Mode of managing an Estate under certain Circumstances therein described, I have the Honour to subjoin the same.

I would require Geometrical Surveys to be made of the respective Manors or Parcels of the Estates not already accurately surveyed, and a full Description to be given of the present Agricultural Condition of the Soils.

I would cause a complete Statement to be made of any Improvements that might be respectively adopted, in regard to Inclosure, Draining, Planting, and Husbandry; together with an Estimate of the Expences which would attend the same, and the Length of time requisite for carrying such Plans into Execution; likewise the present Yearly Value, together with the probable Yearly Value after such Improvement shall be carried into Effect — I would also enquire into the Species and Quantity of Timber and, Underwood upon the several Estates.

I would ascertain, with as much Certainty as possible, how far, and in what Manner, the Rights of other Persons extend, or are mixed with the respective Estates; and whether any Incroachments have been made, and at what Poriods, in order that such as are not now warranted by Law may be set aside.

The foregoing Points being respectively ascertained, if, upon this Investigation, the Estate should be found capable of any material Improvement, I would proceed to examine the Tenantry and the Agents in whose Management the Property has been vested.

Instead of such Agents who may appear incapable of vigorously carrying new Plans into Execution, from Obstinacy, or Infirmity of Body or Mind, I would appoint Successors more competent to execute my Designs, conferring some Marks of Favour at parting upon such as deserved them.

To such of the Tenants as may be found competent and willing to adopt an improved System of Management, I would determine to give the Refusal of their several Occupations, under due Regulations and Restrictions. I would then consider whether it would best answer my Purpose in the Improvement of the Property, to bear the immediate Burthen of the First Expences of it, from a Calculation upon the proposed Rental and Interest of Money.

If I resolve to take it upon myself, the Rents may reasonably be set higher, and the Estates leased for shorter Periods than under the contrary Mode of proceeding; that is to say, by throwing the Expences of the Improvements upon the Tenants.

Resolving to adopt the latter Mode of proceeding, the next Object I would consider is Tythes; and I would endeavour to discharge the Tytheable Property of this heavy fluctuating Outgoing, by giving up an Apportionment of my Land in lieu thereof.

This Mode of compounding for Tythes in Kind is far preferable to any other that can be adopted. — The Means by which Money Payments and Corn Rents are secured, are locking the Land in Mortmain, which is a favourite System of the present Day, tending to

promote

tr

32 Geo. III.

25' Mail

1019

promote Jealousies and Animosities, which ought, for the Benefit of all, to subside; but as Agriculture improves, unless some Remedy is cautiously applied, these Evils will increase between the leading Members of the Church and the Laity. — When the Legislature first sanctioned or established the rendering of Tythes in Kind, Agriculture was very little understood, and very little Money was laid out in Improve-

tially planted with Forest or other Trees, the Whole to be performed by the Tenants, and leased for 31 Years.

4th. Estates chiefly inclosed, some partial Improvements to be undertaken with regard to Inclosure of Commons or Waste Lands, draining, planting, &c. &c. the Whole to be performed by the Tenants, and leased for 21 Years.

ments in that Science; therefore Tythes were gene- 5th. Estates upon which but little is to be performed, rally considered as a Tenth of the spontaneous Produce of the Earth. — It could not then be understood, or even conjectured, that the Members of the Church, under the Head of Tythes in Kind, would receive what would turn out, as at the present Time it is, but

except good Husbandry, to be leased from 7 to 14 Years, according to Circumstances.

'1'his Letter would be swelled to a large Work, were I to attempt to prescribe Covenants for Leases, adapted to each of the Five foregoing supposed Cases,

little less in Value than a Third of the Yearly Rent of ITi lrf , ' , ‘ 7PF ,v ’

all the cultivated Arable Landed Property in the' JhZLIS i T n H P n

Kingdom- and at least a Fifth of the Yearly Value of advantages* in reSard to Roads> Markets, Produce, JUngaom, ana at least a iilttlot the I early Value ot Earth, Manures. &c. more that nnnn the resnective

all Pasture, Commons, and Waste Lands; but upon poor Arable Land, as in Cambridgeshire, Huntingdonshire, and, some Parts of Norfolk, where the Annual

Earths, Manures, &c. more that upon the respective natural Qualities of the Soils. No general Rule can be adopted for the Covenants by which the Farmers

smre, ana, some rarts ox JSorjoiK,where me annual in any One Parish ought to be bound; the Variations

Expences attendant on the manuring and cultivating of SoJilS) and of prev?ous Management by the respectof the Soil is so much increased on Account of its jjye Occupiers, render a Variation of the special Cove-

lts

Poverty, a Tenth of the Yearly Produce is equal to Half the Yearly Rent of such Land out of which the Tythes issue. This is a Matter of Concern properly between the Land Owners and the Church; because, when a Farmer hires such Land he considers the Annual Value of the Tythes which must be allowed by him, and he pays a proportionate Rent; and if this

nants absolutely necessary: And I am well assured, from Observation and Practice, that if a Man of the utmost Discernment in Agricultural Concerns were now to be employed to let any particular Farm, and were to frame Covenants to the best of his Abilities for the Improvement of it, and a Tenant were to con-- , ..... tinue such Farm, adhering to such Covenants as nearly

was a Matter which was to bear hard upon the Faimers as possible for Seven Years, and the same Person

r\H 1 rvi I n r r Aa AT MaayJd in W inctPOH AT f HP - . t *n

and lower Classes of People in England, instead of the Land Owners, it might be a Means of promoting civil Discord, and Conclusions very unfavourable to the Interest of the Church at least.

It is now an established Truth, that the rendering-of Tythes in Kind is the greatest Delay to Improve-

Labours in the Cause of Christianity. — By receiving Land in lieu of Tythes, they would at any Rate keep better Terms with the Country, and establish their Rights more indefeasibly and permanently than they are at present.

In the Course of the succeeding Century, by adopting this Plan, the Church would rise into higher estimation, whilst the Landed Property would change Hands, and the Proprietors of Estates would lose the Information as to what Parts thereof were given up to the Church; and the Laity and the Church would be more firmly united than they are now, or ever were.

Hoping you will excuse this Digression, I beg Leave to say, I would now proceed to lease out all the improveable Parts of the Estate for certain Terms of Years, proportionate to the Expences of any Plans of Improvement to be adopted by the Tenants.

Tw

on

were then to be employed to re-let such Farm, he would see sufficient Ground for altering some of the special Covenants, so much being dependant on fortuitous Circumstances.

With regard to the Cultivation of Timber, I would r. , - . „„ , . first consider whether the Quantity found upon the

ments in Agriculture as well as to the good E ec s o respective Estates was adequate to the necessary Re-that Religion it was meant to establish and secure. — I £ or was of a Sort best adapted to the respective

conceive that it is not extremely politic in the Mem- Qn which it and whether other Sort

rSi °^t ,9^urcJ1 to veiY scruPu ous to t l.e more advantageous could be raised, always having it Mode by which Aey shall Jie^compensated for their b View (pai?icuiariy in Midland Counties) to raise

proper Wood for the Repair of the respective Estates, keeping up a constant Calculation with respect to the comparative Value of Foreign Wood, and to take that Sort which will best answer the Purpose of the Proprietor. With regard to the Cultivation of Oak Timber, I would be very cautious in planting any large Quantities of Ground therewith, it being a Crop that in all human Probability a Third or Fourth Generation could only reap; and therefore I would not diminish my Yearly Rental very considerably, for the Benefit of uncertain Posterity. — Thus far I have considered this Subject as applied to the Interest of an Individual Member of Society.

Taking this Subject up as of Property belonging to the Crown, with a View to the interests of the State, and its Consequent Dependencies, as well as of the Community, it might be adviseable to reserve

yuvcincm u, uc «uuFu uy uiC icuouw. particular Parcels of the respective Estates, adapted

In such Instances, where any Parts of the Estates do f Cultivation of Oak Timber, for such Purpose, not stand in Need of Improvement, or where I take . , c-, , XT ’ . , rf ’

the Expences of the Improvement ipon myself, long «p«nally m Sttuahons near to Nav.gatton. and Ports;

Leases would be unnectSsary. I sludl therefore chj but ,h?„ =f of P,an"n& adoPte?> m".t, n0‘ the respective Property in the following Order. committed to the mere Occupiers of the Soils who

r r J° cannot be sufficiently influenced, or compelled, to

1st. Estates chiefly consisting of Houses, where new raise Timber which would overshade, and partly ex-Buildings are necessary to be erected, under proper haust the Fertility of the Soils they occupy, probably Covenants, and reserved Rents, such Buildings to under a Consideration that considerable Parts of the be erected by the Tenants, and leased for 6l Years. Property of the Crown has for a Series of Years been 2d. Estates chiefly consisting of Houses to be repaired, granted out on beneficial Leases, to a Middle Te-with some additional new Buildings by the Tenants, nancy, originally made with a View to confer Rewards and leased for 51 Years. to particular Persons for Services to the State, and

3d. Estates chiefly consisting of landed Property, partly such Leases have been considered by the Grantees as inclosed, with some Buildings thereon, to be re- far as their Benefits have gone, a Kind of Freehold paired, large Commons, Common Fields, and Waste Interest, under an established Confidence, created by Lands to be inclosed, drained, quicked, and par- Renewals from Time to Time, at easy Fines, that old Vo1-47- uD ’Tenants

1020

25° Mali.

A. 1792.

Revenue.

Twelfth Report Tenants would not be racked up or disturbed; such on the Land beneficial Leases have probably been mortgaged, and

devised as Provisions for younger Branches of Families. With these Considerations the Management of some of the Estates of the Crown may differ from those of private Persons. It is certainly true that Estates held under a Middle Tenancy are the least improved, or the worst cultivated. The present unimproved State of the Land in Ireland truly evinces the Force of this Remark; and it proceeds from one of the following Causes:

First, That the Middle Tenant delays Improvements with a View to conceal the real Value of the Estate, presuming that he shall, in consequence thereof, obtain either the Fee Simple, or a Grant for a longer Term than he enjoys, at an easy Rate. Secondly, That the actual Occupiers are depressed, and racked to the utmost, so that they are deprived of the Spirit for, and Means of Improvement. From which ever Cause these Evils proceed, the sooner they are removed the earlier will the Interests of the Crown, as well as of the Community, be promoted, by the Lessor purchasing the Lessee’s Interest in improveable Estates, and properly letting the m. To sell the Lessor’s Interest to the Lessees, under due Considerations of their Interests and Claims therein, or to adopt the most perfect System of Management, upon re-letting the Property, as the respective Leases fall in, I humbly presume that in regard to the Management of the Crown Lands the most considerable Advantage may be derived from the Improvement of them; that they would offer the First Example of good Husbandry to the Country, as well as when properly inclosed, drained, and planted, they will most assuredly be productive of very considerable Increase of Timber, Hemp, Flax, Wool, Tallow, and all exciseable and other Articles of Consumption.

I have the Honour to be,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient and Gray’s Inn, Devoted humble Serv',

22d July 1791. Thomas Stone.

To the Honble the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Brotherton, August 23d, 1791.

Honourable Sirs,

In Answer to your Letter of the 21st of July, with which you were pleased to honour me, respecting the Management of an Estate similar to that which the Crown is possessed of, I beg Leave to say, That not knowing the particular Situation, Nature, and Circumstances of the Estate, I feel myself much at a Loss how to deliver any Opinion on the Subject, which may appear satisfactory to you: But depending upon your Goodness and Liberality, I will venture to make some general Observations as to the Matter in Question.

As long Leases frequently prevent the Owner of an Estate from making many Alterations highly advantageous to himself, w’ithout Prejudice to the Tenant, and when it happens that the Lessee is an idle negligent Fellow, the Estate is certain to run greatly out of Repair and Condition. To prevent, in some Degree, this Evil, and to give an Opportunity to the Owner of having the Estate more frequently in his Power, I recommend the present Leases not to be renewed, but to get into actual Possession of the Estate as soon as possible, as the Leases expire; or perhaps, in some Instances, it might be adviseable to purchase from the lessee the Remainder of his Term. Being in Possession, I then would proceed to model the Farms, according to Situation and Nature of the Soil. The Buildings should be put into good Repair, and

Additions made, and new ones erected where wanted; and particular Care should be taken to have the Land-laid as contiguous to the old Homestead, or to place the new one, when necessary, as near the Centre of the Farm as possible.

Suitable Buildings being provided, and the Farm properly arranged, I would proceed to look out for some good substantial Tenant, who would occupy the Farm himself, and would let it him at a fair, moderate, extended Rent, under a Yearly Lease or Agreement, with proper Covenants. These Kind of Leases are now become very general, though in some De-

free they are looked upon rather to discourage the pirit of Improvement; and in particular Cases it may be so: But in a Crown or Church Estate, the Tenants will go on with Confidence, and lay out their Money freely, having nothing to fear from capricious Gentlemen, or other Proprietors, who are frequently changing their Tenants, selling their Estates, or taking them for their own Occupation. But where a Tenant enters to a Farm in extreme bad Condition, and is obliged to sink a large Sum in Improvements at the First Outset, and consequently must be considerably in Advance for some Time, then it may be proper to grant a Lease for 14 or 21 Years, as the Case may require.

Why I so strongly recommend Tenants who will occupy the Premisses, is on Account of several Instances there are, of the great Lessees grossly neglecting the Support and Repair of the Buildings, and to keep the Land in proper Order and Condition, and also by greatly oppressing the Under-Tenant or Tenants; whereas the occupying Tenant generally affords a better Rent, and keeps the Buildings in good Repair, and makes greater Improvement in the Land.

Respecting the Manors, Commons, and Waste Lands, I would recommend an Inclosure of all the Commons and Wastes which are likely to be cultivated to Advantage, upon such Terms as particular Circumstances of the Case require. In some Instances, where the Minerals are very valuable, it might happen that a sufficient Compensation in Land could not be obtained, nor their Value ascertained; but in case of an Inclosure, those Rights might still be reserved to the Lord, and those Mines, Lead, Copper, Seams of Coal, or Stone Quarries, may always be let off very readily, and to Advantage.

The Rights as to Sporting and Game will be eagerly sought after by the neighbouring Noblemen or Gentlemen.

In case of Copyhold, Customary, or other Fines, those would be collected by the Steward who holds the Courts, and carried to Account with the Lord of the Manor.

As to the Wood Lands, I recommend them to be kept in the Hands of the Owner of the Estates, and particular Attention to be paid to the fencing all Coppice and Spring Woods, so as to keep them free from Sheep and Cattle; and if any of the Commons or Wastes, either from the Nature of the Soil, or particular Situation, cannot be cultivated with Advantage for the Growth of Corn and Grass, they may, if suitable, be put to this Purpose.

I do not recollect any Thing more I can at present say on this Subject. I beg to submit the Whole to your Consideration; and should you think me worthy of your Commands for further Enquiries, I shall, with much Gratitude, receive and endeavour to execute them, to the best of my Judgment.

I am, Honoured Sirs,.

Your very faithful and

obedient humble Servant,

John Crowder.

The Honourable the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Belvoir

1021

Belvoir Castle, Oct. 8th, 1791.

Gentlemen,

I beg Leave to lay the following before you, in Answer to the Question on which you did me the Honour of desiring my Opinion.

I would appoint Stewards, in such Situations, if possible, that none of the Lands under the Care of any one of them should be at a greater Distance than 40 or 50 Miles. — Every Steward should have a Salary allowed him for his Trouble, and should not be allowed any Perquisite whatever.

I would let the Leases expire, and grant no more; and let the Farms, &c. under such Agreements for One Year as the best Management of the Country points out in which they respectively lie.

I would not encourage the Engrossment of Farms. It would be hurtful to the Land Owner in a long Course of Years.

When the Proprietor has a Parish or large District together, it will be to his Benefit to lay to every Labourer’s Messuage, and small House, as much Land as will keep a Cow, and take the same Rent for it as it would be worth to farm. Four Acres will generally do this (». e.) Two Acres to cut Hay upon, and Two Acres to keep the Cow in Summer. This must be understood to be in a Country where there is Plenty of Pasture Land.

I would not turn out a Tenant so long as he pays his Rent, and manages his Tenement tolerably well.

I would have it understood among the Tenantry, that such Persons should succeed them as they should, in case of Death, appoint, provided they leave to those Persons the Stock on their Farms, and that they are otherwise, with respect to Property and to Character, eligible Tenants.

I would make the Tenant do a Share of the Repairs of Buildings, perhaps pay all the Workmanship, espe-

cially in Farm Houses. The Landlord might pay for Twelfth Report Materials. on the Land

The Landlord should pay Land Tax, Chief Rents, Revenue-

Quit Rents, Moduses, and old Compositions for v~ ——

Tythes; and the List of the Payment of them should be entered every Year at Length in the Steward’s Yearly Account, and compared with the preceding one.

Where there is a Parish or large District together I would confine the Steward to take the Rents in such Parish or District, and he should see the scattered Places Once a Year.

The Tenants should not be allowed to cut or lop any Tree whatever; if any one does, make him quit his Possession.

I would fix the Rents at fair and full Prices, and not raise them for 30 Years, and then, if the Times require it, raise generally.

With respect to Woods and Plantations, I would not let the Tenants of Farms have the Management of them, nor of the Fences about them. They will in general stock them with their Cattle, or let down the Fences that the Stock may trespass.

Inclosures of open Lands will come on in Course, but when they take Place I would exonerate from Tythes, by a Part of the Land to be inclosed, or by a Corn Rent — Tenants do not occupy their Lands with so much Spirit and good Husbandry when Tythes are paid in Kind, as on Tythe-free Lands; therefore, if a just Compensation can be pointed out for the Church, it ought to give Way for the Good of the Commonwealth.

I am, Gentlemen,

Your obliged and humble Servant,

lVm King.

To the Commissioners of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

25" M

A. 1792:

Twelfth Report on the Land Revenue.

N* 36.

ESTATES held under Leases from the Crown, surveyed by Order of the Commissioners of the

Land Revenue.

Estates held under Leases granted prior to the Year 1774.

Dates of Leases. Expiration. Reserved Rents now payable. Estimated Yearly Value per Schedule in 1786. Yearly Value per new Survey.

£. s. d. £. 5. d. £. S' d.

Part 20 July - f 5 April - - 1834 . - . 90 — — 1,580 2 5

Divers Farms and Wood Lands in Bewd- 167+,) 1841 167

ley, and in Wyre Forest, Worcester- < \ 10 October - - 5232 5 6 13 7

shire Remr 7 August 1771 10 October - - 1800 22 — — 73 — — 276 9 3

Manor of Muchland, Lancashire 17 July - - 1693 31 December - 1804 — 10 — 282 8 3 f 809 H 10 r

Manor of West Ham, Essex - 19 January 1694 16 December - 1804 - — — 1 517 15 5i 1,256 7 3

Manor of Newark, Nottinghamshire 13 July - - 1770 13 July - - - 180! J44 5 8* OO 11 -3 j 1,682 10 8

Lands, formerly Part of Braydon Forest, in

Wilts - 13 June - - 1771 6 April - - 1802 24 15 1 8a 8 — S03 19 8

Other Lands, Part of Ditto - 26 April - - 1771 6 April! 11 April J 1802 10 15 11 36 8 98 4 7

£ 202 6 9i 1,796 16 6 j< 5,075 2 31

Estates held under Leases granted in and since the Year 1774.

Manor of Epworth, Lincolnshire 15 August - - 1774 15 August - - 1805 £* 1. d. 178 17 1 £. s. d, 536 11 2^ £. s. d. 94* >7 5i

Lands, formerly Part of Braydon Forest, in Wrilts 16 September - 1785 11 October - - 1815 42 17 — 200 376 *3 5

Other Lands, Part of Ditto - 8 April - - 3785 11 January - - 1816 28 11 4 210 12 — *3 67 7

Manor of Stoughton Magna, Huntingdonshire 22 July - - - 1786 3 Lives - - 61 16 4 498 12 8 763 14 1

Estates demised in 1774, and since - - - - 312 i 9 *.445 15 101 2,319 19

Ditto, prior to 1774 - - 202 6 9^ 1,796 16 6 6,075 2 3$

Total ----£. 514 8 6£ 3,242 is 4ij: 8,394 14 9i

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard, May 25th, 1792.

Cha’ Middleton, Jrf Call,

John Fordy.

51

32 Geo. III.

25° — 30° Mail

1023

to exit Letters Agree-lts as to rchan-

2, &c.

m Stamp ty, defer-

to*

r kt

Ordered, That the stud Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt any Letter or Letters, passing between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce in this Kingdom, containing an Agreement with respect to Merchandize or Bills of Exchange, from the Stamp Duty now imposed on written Agreements.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Four of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned, till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° die Mali; Armo 32° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1792.

arlof Rad-

>r’s Estate »U cornmit-d.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Adams, Mr. William Henry Bouverie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do make the Report from Campbell’* the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the and

Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting those Parts of the passed. Lands and Estate of Blythswood, and others, which lie in the County of Lanerk, in Trustees, for the Purpose of selling or feuing the same, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates, more commodious and contiguous to the other and greater Part of the said Estate of Blythmood, which lies in the County of Renfrew, and for settling and securing the Lands and Estates, so to be purchased, to, and in Favour of, the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Restrictions, Conditions, and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, by Colin of Blythswood, deceased, was committed.

Mr. Walpole accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

’rial of Mr. lasting*.

t:

Mjj

Jh 1

1 !l

41+;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Ma<^, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers. *

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly;

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

.And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Vot. 47.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, to whom Churchill’s

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate to enable the Heir, or Heirs at Law, of the surviving ,a"

Trustee of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of P Chalfont Saint Peters and Iver, in the County of Bucks, purchased with Part of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to sell and convey the same Lands and Hereditaments, for a Consideration to be paid into the Hands of the Trustees of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased , and also to enable the said Trustees to invest the said Purchase Money, and other the said Personal Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses, and with the Limitations, mentioned in the said Act of Parliament, and again to sell and dispose of the same Lands and Hereditaments, and any other Lands that may be purchased under the same Act, or by virtue of this Act, and to invest the Purchase Monies arising therefrom either in the Public Funds, or upon Securities, or in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for granting Relief to Pastors, Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be laid aside.

12 E Ordered,

Scotch Epit-copal Bill laid asidf*.

1024

30° M

A. 1792.

Episcopal Ministers, &c. ordered.

Petition from Stirling for

copal Com munion in Scotland.

Bill for Relief Ordered, That Leave be given to brin® in a Bill for The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mint

to Scotch granting Relief to Pastors, Ministers, and Lay Persons, Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons 'tort;

of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland:And that Mr. and Waste Grounds within the Town or Hamlet of

Secretary Dundas and Sir James St. Clair Erskine do , in the Manor and Parish of Doddington, in the

prepare, and bring in, the same. Isle of Eli/ and County of , and for altering

and amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of

t. cl/-. co i i u the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

A Petition of the Commissioners of Supply and He- for drafning and preSe, Ving certain Fen Lands, Low

Relief to Mi- ,*ors °* t^f ^ou.nty Stirling, was presented to he Grounds> and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets

nisters, &c. House, and read; Setting forth P a> by Two Acts oP and and in the Parish of

Id Coif Pass®^ l|*e Nineteenth and Twenty-first Years of his the Me of £ and County of Cambridge;

coual Com- late Majesty King George the Second the Pastor, or with’out Amendment: And also,

Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Com- — -

munion in Scotland, are laid under peculiar Restrictions in the Exercise of their Religious Worship, and subjected to grievous Penalties, which, at the Time of enacting those Statutes, were judged necessary for the Security of His Majesty’. Person and Government, and also several other Roads therein men-

and those Acts are so expressed as to attach equaly ,ioned af,’in c of without an,

upon well and til-affected Episcopalians so that, while Amendme„t. And tls0/ 1

Utey remam m Force, Persons of that Persuaston, Jh u d h agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act T* though they have g,ven every Proof of them Loyalty f Ae and eriargi; «»

which the Law has put m their Power, apd are known rr A . 6 , . r a d mow i

to eutertaia Princi|des la the highest Degree friendly T"" Af>f' Pff fd " <h? Effihteenth Year of the Reign W1

to the Constitution and Government of this Kingdom, h, S }?% M"J"? < ' Se?$ *5'

are vet deprived of the Privileges of their respective Elev.e"tl Year of the Reign of Ills present Majesty to

Stations in Society, and are besides liable to be fined, JP"r *he, R°ad lead,"S ‘fj? «l»"

imprisoned, or transported, if they shall assemble in a of|1tl'c g.ty of York, to a Place near the

a,eater Noml.er than Fn„r Per/o„. for .1,. Pahll. Siud City. called HobmOOT Lam End; Without any

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Canm^. for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from jj1^-Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of Llandilofaw, to ' the Turnpike Road leading from the New Bridge over the River Toxcy to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of

Scotch Bnrglis Hill put off for a Month.

The Lords have agreed to

Lamblev Inclosure Bill.

IlfAHSWell

lncfosure

Bill.

Shipton Inclosure Bill.

Monk Sherborne Inclo^ sure Bill.

greater Number than Four Persons for the Public Worship of God: And therefore the Petitioners, moved with Compassion for a respectable Body of their Countrymen, beg Leave to request, That the Clemency of the British Legislature may be extended to the Persons of the above Description, and such a Toleration granted to the Scotch Episcopalians, by the Repeal of the Two Statutes above mentioned, as is enjoyed by all other Protestants, who, in that Part of the Kingdom, dissent from the Established Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Mode of Accounting for the Common Good and Revenues of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walk erand Mr.

Sp ranger:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Coppices,

Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lambley, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow's,

Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hemsxcell, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also, __________

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Commissions of Bankrupts and Lunatics; without any for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Amendment: And also,

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An AuuionDi

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Act to exempt Whale Oil and other Articles therein b’i:xm?

Parish of Shipton, in the County of Southampton; with- mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from tl0"Bl1' out any Amendment: And also, the Duty imposed on such Sales; without any Amend-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Aq Gedling.Kc

Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosed

Common Fields, Common Woods, Wastes, Commons, and other Lands, within the Parish of Gedling, comprizing the several Hamlets of Gedling, Stoke Bardolph, w and

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cirfr;f« for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Cirencester, Crowthorne and Minty, Brighticells, Barrow, , Bradley, Bisley,

and Longtrce, commonly called The Seven Hundreds of

Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Manet*-for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Ashton under Line and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: Ana also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- siik° Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower the Magistrates fatten. " therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages " of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions," to Manufactories of Silk mixed with other Materials, and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Silk purloined and embezzled by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill resp« Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper of Chaner Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repositories for securing the Tide Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the

for dividing,

allotting,

and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Common Fields Only, in the Parish of Monk Sherborne, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also,

Inclosure Bill.

32 Geo. III. 30° — 31° 1025

and Carlton, in the County of Nottingham; without any mon, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County Amendment: And also, of Surrey, was committed.

Mr. Hast- The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this And the Amendments made by the Committee to

ing’s Trial. jjousej That their Lordships will proceed further in the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were,

the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday upon the Question severally put thereupon, with seve-

Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster ral Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the

Hall. House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for

v,t giving Leave to certain Persons to try their Rights to

..k Medway Na- Mr. Tempter reported from the Committee, to whom the said Common, within a limited Time.

' vigation re- the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon i, "‘o'fed Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House

r-. r several Parishes of Maidstone, Bosley, Allington, and to be made Part of the Bill.

n Aylesford, in foe County of Kent, was re-committed;. Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That foe Committee had made several other Amend- directing the Commissioners to allot a certain Parcel of ments to the Bill), which they had directed him to re- Land for getting Gravel for Repair of the Roads, port to the House; and he read the Report in his And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon ;0 Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the to be made Part of the Bill.

i.i. Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- ingrossed.

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

House. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow'

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Morning, Ten of the Clock.

‘."'l ingrossed.

: Edwin’s Estate Bill reported, and J passed.

: (;: li

li.

i.ijk

l..'K

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Berks and Bucks (being the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Catherine Edwin, Spinster, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to John Martindale, Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be more conveniently situate as therein mentioned, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand settled by the said Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. *

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered That Mr. Rolle, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Jovis, 31* die Mali;

Anno 32* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

r|"^HE House met, and being counted by Mr. House ad-X Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were journed. not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 1* die Anno 320 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

r; :;i Templer’s Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Estate Bill the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act *° subject and charge a competent Part of the settled ..... " ’ Estates of James Tempter, Esquire, in the County of

Devon, with a Sum of Money to be applied and disposed of for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Alle-

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; 7 ‘ and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent

t . ... o

/ ( to [foe Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and

/"f that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill

to the House, without any Amendment: And he deli-

"!; vered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the; Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

; i; to the same, without any Amendment

in::,

i"'--’ The other Order of the Day being read;

Keport on The House proceeded to take into further Conside-V’, 1 Penge Inelo- ration the Report which was made from the Com-hc7 s"r* Bl11 :fur* mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a ‘ a ricred!°nS1' Common or Parcel of Waste Ground called Penge Com-, ;« Vo 1. 47.

:a

id

Prayers.

SIR Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, Shelton Road to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter Bill reported, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Buck to Weston Coyncy, and from the Road between Cheadle and

Leek to the Turnpike Road above Bridge, and from the same Road to foe Road between Marsh and Thorp, at or near RuehillGate, in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head, and from to

Weston Coyney, was committed; That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

1° Junii. A. 1792.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Shipton Sol- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the ler«, &c.ln- Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pas-closure Bill ture, Waste Grounds, Hills, Downs, and other Com-p»sse . monable and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Lower otherwise Nether Hampen, Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the Parishes of Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the County of Gloucester, and some Pieces of Land which extend into the Parishes of Whittington and Dowdeswell, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Grounds, Hills, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Lower otherwise Nether Hampen, Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the Parishes of Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the County of Gloucester, and some Pieces of Land which extend into the Parishes of Whittington and Dowdeswell, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lfec/a and Puleaton’s Partition Bill reported, and passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Daniel Leo, Esquire, and Letiiia his Wife, and Mary Pules ton, Widow, of several Estates in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Caernarvon, late the Estates of Davies, of Llanerth, Esquire, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned, was committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henru Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Rector of Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Re-Prestwich port from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill cum Oldham from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Rec-

re^orted^and for Par‘s^ ar*d Parish Church of Prestwick cum

passed! Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory, was committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill w-as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Dunstable An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms, and and Hockliffe altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed 1 passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twelfth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and from the Sign of Horse to the Sign of The King’s Arms, in Hockliffe aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Irin, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to The Kang's Arms, in Hockliffe, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Reporter to whom the Report was re-committed, which was committal made from the Committee who were appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of the House, respecting Bills for making Navigable Canals, specting and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; Navigw* That the Committee had further considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Standing Orders of the House, of the 28th of January 1771, the 25th of 1774, the 15th of November 1775, and the 20th of July 1789, respecting Navigation Bills, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That when any Application is intended to be made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for making any Cut or Canal for the Purposes of Navigation, or any Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, for the Purpose of supplying any City, Town, or Place, with Water, or for varying or altering any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already made, or for making or improving the Navigation of any River, or for altering any Act of Parliament passed for any or either of those Purposes (in which Bill for altering any such Act it is intended to give Power for raising any further or additional Rates,

Tolls, or Duties) Notice of such intended Application shall be inserted Three Times in The London Gazette, in the Months of August and September, or either of them, previous to the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made; and that such Notice shall also be inserted in some One Newspaper of every County through which any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, is intended to be carried, or in which such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already"made, is intended to be varied, or altered, or in which such River, or such Part thereof as is intended to be made navigable, or the Navigation thereof to be improved, is situated, or, if there is no such Newspaper printed in or for such Counties respectively, then in the Newspaper of some County near or adjoining thereto, Three Times at the least, in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made; and that such Notice shall also be given at the General Quarter Session of the Peace which shall be holden for every and each County, Riding, or Division, through which any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, is intended to be carried, or in which such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already made, is intended to be varied or altered, or in which such River, or such Part thereof as is intended to be made navigable, or the Navigation thereof to be improved, is situated, at the Michaelmas preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made, by affixing such Notice to the Door of the Session Houses respectively where such General Quarter Session shall be holden.

Resolved,

32 Geo. III.

1° Junii.

1027

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to view and examine the same, and to make Copies or That such several Notices shall contain the Names of Extracts therefrom, such Person paying for the same the Parishes and Townships in, to, or through which the usual and accustomed Fees paid to such Clerks of any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, is intended to be the Peace, for the Inspection, and Copying of, or mak-carried, varied, or altered, or in which such River, or ing Extracts from Records in their respective Offices, such Part thereof as aforesaid, is situated. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in all Bills presented to the House for any or That a Map or Plan of such intended Cut, Canal, either of the Purposes aforesaid, Provision be made for Aqueduct, or Navigation, and also of any intended compelling the Subscribers for carrying any such Work Alteration in any Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, into Execution, to make Payment of the Sums severally already made, shall be deposited, for Public Inspection, 1 !L ‘J ' J 1 ~ '' r' ‘

at the Office of the Clerk or Clerks of the Peace of every County, Riding, or Division, through which such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, is intended to be carried, or such Alteration is%intended to be made, on

subscribed by them, and also to oblige the Commissioners or Trustees to take Security from their Treasurer, Receiver, or Collector, for the faithful Execution of his Office.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

or before the Eleventh Day of November previous to Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

the Session of Parliament, in which such Application is intended to be made; which Map or Plan shall describe the Line of such intended Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, or of such intended Alteration, and the Lands through which the same is intended to be carried,

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, ac- Scotch Epis-

together with a Book of Reference containing a List of cording to Order, a Bill for granting Relief to Pastors, c0Pal

the Names of the Owners, or reputed Owners, and Occupiers, of such Lands respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, before any Application is made to the House for any or either of the Purposes aforesaid, a previous Application shall be made to the Owners, or reputed Owners, and Occupiers, of the Lands through which any such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, is intended to be carried, or any such Alteration is intended to be made; and that separate Lists shall be made of the Names of such Owners and Occupiers, distinguishing

Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Com- Presente munion in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-which of them, upon such Application, have assented to, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, or dissented from, such intended Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, upon the said Bill, or Navigation, or such Alteration, or are neuter in

respect thereto. Ordered, That the Report which was made from Royal

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Royal E*clwnee That, whenever any Petition is presented to the House Exchange Assurance Company, and their Successors, Company*

for any or either of the Purposes aforesaid, there shall be presented, with such Petition, the Lists mentioned in the last preceding Resolution, and also a Duplicate of the Plan or Plans so directed to be deposited at the Office or Offices of the Clerk or Clerks of the Peace, as aforesaid.

to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon Lives, was Bill deferred, committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Barddyll reported from the Committee, to whom DukeofNor-

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, effectuating and establishing an Exchange agreed upon Exchange* That, whenever any Petition is presented to the House, between Charles Duke of Norfolk, and Francis Ferrand Bill reported, for making, varying, or altering, any such Cut, Canal, Foljamhe, Esquire, of certain Lands and other Heredi- an<1 passed, or Aqueduct, as aforesaid, or making or improving the taments, in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Navigation of a River, in case a further Sum of Money Derby, was committed; That the Committee had exa-shall be found necessary for varying or altering any Cut, mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Canal, or Aqueduct, or improving the Navigation of to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given such River, there be also annexed to the said Petition their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the

Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Barddyll do carry the Bill to the

an Estimate of the proposed Expence of such Undertaking, signed by the Person or Persons making the same, together with an Account of the Money subscribed, for carrying the said Work into Execution, and the Names of the Subscribers, with the Sums by them subscribed respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed That, whenever any Petition has been presented to the to the same, without any Amendment.

House for the Purposes aforesaid, or any or either of

them, the Committee, to whom such Petition shall be referred, do examine, in the first Place, how far the Orders contained in the preceding Resolutions have been complied with, and do report the same, at the

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. JValker and The Lord* Mr. Spranger; have agreed.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Address

Time when they report the Matter of any such Petition, House, That their Lordships have agreed to the Re- on Procla-

as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Clerks of the Peace, or their respective Deputies, do make a Memorial, in Writing, upon the Plan and Book of Reference deposited with them in Manner aforesaid, denoting the Time at which the same was lodged in their respective Offices; and do, at all seasonable Hours of the Day, permit any Person V o l. 47.

solution and Address communicated to the Lords by a matwn* Message from this House on Wednesday last, by filling up the Blank with " Lords Spiritual and Temporal " and:" And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An BillPetty Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to t)fficer* and Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have Ireland

12 F served,

1028

P — 2" yunii.

A. 1792.

Bill: — Duties on Foreign stained Paper.

Ale-house Keeper®, &c. Licensing Bill.

served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, and residing in Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually securing the Duties upon Foreign printed, painted, or stained Paper imported into Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers,

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said report Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

and for better regulating Ale-houses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their House.

Houses; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill respect- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ing Hackney to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Coaches and Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant "Seas;" without any Amendment: And also,

B«er Har- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An bour Bill. Act for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Chairs.

Parish

Apprentices

Bill.

Levant Trade Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed.

Ordered, Tomorrow ingrossed.

Bill, with the Amendments, be

That the said Bill be read the Third Time Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

Weldon Inclosure Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Jhek

Mr- s£ranser\ ISt:

Mr. Speaker, Twnom.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That his Majesty has appointed Tomorrow at Three of the Clock, to be attended with the Address of both Houses, at His Palace of James; and that the Lords intend to be there at that Time: And also, havens The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An to Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Southhi Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Coin- {"'loiirs mons. Heaths, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Bl' Grounds, within the Manor and Chapelry of in the Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth 4c' 1

Abstract of Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, presented.

Committee on Bill containing Agreements with respect to Merchandize, See.

Grounds, in Great Weldon and Little Weldon, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed That Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Information submitted to the " Honourable House of Commons relative to the Accounts presented the 27th March — Since the Accounts " above-mentioned were presented, an Abstract of the " actual Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay " Government for the Year 1790-91 has been received, " viz. on the 29th Ultimo, by His Majesty’s Ship " Crown, which is therefore submitted to the House to " be substituted in Place of the Return N° 20."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt any Letter or Letters, passing between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce in this Kingdom, containing an Agreement with respect to Merchandize or Bills of Exchange, from the Stamp Duty now imposed on written Agreements.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and make " more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to " Houses of Correction;" without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Whittk. Act for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over BridPBl1 the River Thames, from Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Pang-bourn, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act w*>itch»r. for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, of I,<wrBl11' and within such Part of the Parish of Whitchurch as maintains its own Poor, and lies within the County of Salop; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 2* die Junii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, resolved itself Commit into a Committee of the whole House, upon the «n Scotch Bill for granting Relief to Pastors, Ministers, and Lay scopsi Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

n

}"H

reported.

h

kn

t»j

32 Geo. III. 2° — 5

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

J*, Bill to ex- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third empt Letters Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to exempt any of Agree- Letter or Letters, passing between Merchants or other ;/;. Merchandize Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce in this King-be. from the dom, containing an Agreement with respect to Mer-Stamp Duty, chandize or Bills of Exchange, from the Stamp Duty vj pussed* now imposed on written Agreements, be now' read.

I,. And the said Order being read accordingly;

.-7, The said Bill w as read the Third Time.

I 7 Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to exempt certain Letters passing between

V, Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Com-

7 merce in this Kingdom, containing Agreements with respect to Merchandize, Notes, or Bills of Exchange, from the Stamp Duty now imposed on written Agreements.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the

V. Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

! w»

5 ® Medway Na-

, 1$ vigation Bill i, passed.

1£»

S In

!l Ps? its

I. bil

An ingrossed Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone through the several Parishes of Maidstone, lington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone through the several Parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Templer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ik;

Lr.i

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

MDCff

Martis, 5* die Junii;

Anno 32* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1792.

louse in-ormed of a Mistake in he Return )r limiting-onshire.

and kl

d

dd

t

Pbayers.

THE House being informed, that there was a Mistake in the last Return of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, the said Return having been dated on the 15th Day of April last, which ought to have been dated on the 15th Day of May last;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, forthwith, with the last Return for the said County of Huntingdon And he attended accordingly, with the said Return. And the Writ of Election for the said County, Vol. 47.

0 Junii 1029

bearing Date the 1st Day of May last, and the said Return, were read; which Return appeared to be dated the 15th Day of April last.

And a Member, (in his Place) having informed the House, that he was present at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, and that the said Election was holden, and the Return made, on the 15th Day of May last;

Ordered, That the said Return be amended, by leaving out the Word " April "and inserting the Word " May" instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown amended said Return accordingly.

Mr, Speaker reported, That hoth Houses did, upon Saturday last, attend His Majesty with then- Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I thank you very warmly for this loyal, dutiful, and seasonable Address.

My utmost Endeavours shall never be wanting to maintain among My People, a just Sense of the Advantages of our present Constitution, the Source of legal and well regulated Freedom, and, at the same Time, to secure to them, by a due Exertion of the Laws, a Continuance of all the unexampled Blessings which they now- enjoy. It is the greatest Satisfaction to Me to reflect, that, in these Endeavours, I shall receive the firm and united Assistance of My Parliament; and I feel the same Conviction and Confidence which is expressed by you, that our Exertions for this Purpose will be seconded by the Zeal and Public Spirit of My People, w hose Happiness forms the first Object of all My Wishes.

The Lord Hood, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Expences incurred in putting Water on Board His Majesty’s Fleet at Portsmouth, Torbay, and Plymouth, respectively, from the i st Day of January 1774 to the 31st Day of December 1783; distinguishing each Year, and w hether such Expences were incurred by Transports, or in what other Manner.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common or Parcel of Waste Ground called Penge Common, lying within the Hamlet of penge, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, b\ Way of Ryder, for limiting the Time of bringing Actions, and making a Nonsuit of like Effect as a Verdict.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common or Parcel of Waste Ground called Penge Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Air. IVigley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Pfieadle and Peek, and from Ruckwll to Weston Coyney, and from the Road between Cheadle

King’s Answer to Address of both Houses.

Account of Expences in putting Water on Hoard the Fleet, presented.

Penge Inclosure Bill passed.

Shelton Road Bill passed.

1030 5° Junii . 1792.

and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge,

and from the same Road to the Road between Marsh, and Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing Courts of Judica- Newfound ture in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent, was read the Third Time. p*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Crawford presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of a Detachment of the Royal Esiimwofi Regiment of Artillery for Service in The East Indies, ®*j*jj* from lst January to 31 st December 1792, both included, °or ^^ 366 Days. Indies, pre-

And the Title of the said Estimate was read. sented.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Detachment of the Royal Regiment of Artillery for Service in The East Indies, from 1st January to 31st December 1792, both included, 366 Dadys.

Men. AMOUNT.

Viz. Pay of a Major — an Adjutant — a Quarter Master — a Surgeon — and a Surgeon’s Mate ----- ----- 5 £. s. d. 649 13 —

Pay of a Companies of Royal Artillery, included - - - - consisting of 120 Men each, Officers 240 5,764 10 —

245 £.6,414 3 —

Office of Ordnance, 5th June 1792. W. Hme. G. Berkeley. J. Aldridge. G. Cranford.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Scotch Epis- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third copal Bill Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting Repassed. iief to pastors, Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the

Episcopal Communion in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 29. To leave out " for the Purposes " aforesaid," and insert, to be " laid before the said Houses respectively at their next Meeting," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting Relief to Pastors, Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Henrtf Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whitehaven Mr. Lorwther reported from the Committee, to whom

Harbour Bill the Bill for further enlarging and improving the Har-reported.

bour and Port of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Harrison, from Thiitet the Board of Land Revenue, attended at the Door; Rfporut he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, Me.

A Thirteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm, and other Unimproveable Rents:

And also,

A Plan of Lands belonging to the Crown in the Forest of Bere, referred to in the said Report: And also.

An

32 Geo. III. 5° Ju 1031

An Appendix to the Twelfth Report of the said Commissioners, which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of May last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the stud Report, Plan, and Appendix, were read.

The said Appendix is inserted on the 25th Day of May last, after the Twelfth Report to which it belongs; the said Plan is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Thirteenth Report is as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Thirteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

The Forest of Bere is situated in the South East Part of the County of S, on the North Side of Portsdown, and within Eight Miles of Ports-

mouth.

From a Perambulation, made in the 28th of Ed- Appendix, ward the First (when a General Perambulation of N*u the Forests took place, in pursuance of the de

Foresla) it is presumable that this Forest was then

much more extensive than it now is; but the Names of Places specified in that Perambulation are, at this Time, very little known. The Limits of the Forest were settled as they now remain, by a Perambulation made in the Year 1688, upoa the Presentment of a Appendix, Jury, by virtue of a Commission issued for that Pur- N° a.

pose, under the Great Seal of England; and the Metes 16th Dec.

and Bounds described in that Perambulation are 3 a' well known and undisputed.

The Forest comprized within those Bounds is divided into Two Walks, called the East and West Walks; and each Walk contains several smaller'’Divisions, which are called Purlieus; but in our Opinion, they are very improperly so called, the Whole being within the Regard of the Forest, and subject to the Forest Laws. The Term Purlieu is used in this Forest, to distinguish certain Parcels of Land belonging to different Proprietors, and appurtenant to Manors or Lordships which extend into the Forest.

There are Sixteen of those Purlieus, now belonging to the following Proprietors; namely,

In the EAST WALK:

N°

Robert Thistlethwayte, Esq. - - 1

Bishop of Winchester - - - 1

Jervoise Clark Jervoise, Esq. - 1

William Taylor, Esq. - - - 2

Samuel Leake, Esq. 1

Thomas Tooker, Esq. - - 1

Lord Stawell ----- 1

8

In the WEST WALK:

N*

Lord Povverscourt - - - - 1

Governor Hornby - - - - 1

Bishop of Winchester - - - 1

College of Winchester - - - 1

Humphry Minchin, Esq. - - - 1

Earl of Portsmouth - 1

George Gamier, Esq. - - - - 1

Robert Thistlethwayte, Esq - - - 1

8

The Crown is possessed of Two Parcels of Land, Growth of Timber for His Majesty’s Service, and

One in each Walk, which are also vulgarly called there are Two Parts of the Land now open called

Purlieus; but in the Presentment of 1GS8 they are Old Coppice, and One of them con-

called " His Majesty’s own Demesne Lands within taining 54a. o?*. 190. and the other 590. 1 r. both

" the said Forest." In these the Soil, the Timber, and Wood belong to the Crown. The other Sixteen Purlieus are distinguished only by the Names of the respective Owners, who are also the Proprietors of the Soil, the Timber and Wood; but the whole are subject to the Range and Feed of the King’s Deer; and the Commoners have a Right to the Surplus Herbage for their Cattle.

The Boundaries of the Lands belonging to the Crown, and now called the King's Purlieus, are minutely described in the Perambulation and Presentment of 1688. Of these we have caused a Survey to be taken; and a Plan thereof will be delivered with this Report.

The King’s Purlieu in the East Walk conta*ns 237a. 3r. 8 p.Statute Measure; of which 27a. 1 r. 2°p.

are inclosed, and the rest lie open to the Forest. There is a Lodge for an Under Keeper, standing within the inclosed Part of this Purlieu, and a small Lodge at a considerable Distance from it, situated within the Bounds of Lord Slawelfs Purlieu, but belonging to the Crown, with 3 a. 3 r. 34 pof inclosed Land adjoining to it, occupied by an Assistant to the Under Keeper.

The King’s Purlieu in the West Walk contains 688a. 3r. 5 p.of which 104a. 0 r. 3 are inclosed; the rest are now open to the Forest; but in the Presentment in 1688 there is mention of a Coppice called The Old Coppice, containing about Fifty Acres, which the Regarders presented as fit to be inclosed for the

Yot. 47.

of which are surrounded by an antient Bank, upon which, within the Memory of some old People now living, were standing some few Posts and Rails; and both these Parts are generally believed to have been formerly inclosed for the Growth of Timber. In this Walk are also Two Lodges, One for a Master Keeper, and the other for an Under Keeper, which are standing partly on the King’s Land, and partly on the adjoining Purlieu belonging to George , Esquire,

but built and repaired wholly at the Expence of the Crown. The present Boundaries of the Lands belonging to the Crown agree with the Perambulation in 1688; except that there are some Plots of Ground called the King's Meads, in the Possession of the Earl of Portsmouth, adjoining to the Crown Lands in the West Walk, and apparently included within the Perambulation, but which we find were granted in Fee in the Seventh of James the First to Thomas Elye and George Merreill, from whom Lord Portsmouth's Title is derived.

As the taking an actual Survey and Admeasurement of the whole Forest would have been attended with a greater Expence than we thought it right to incur, considering how small a Portion of the Land belongs to the Crown in Demesne, we are not enabled to state with Exactness the Contents of the Purlieus belonging to private Owners; but from the Extent of the Perambulation in 1688, and the Information of the Keepers of the Two Walks, we estimate the whole Forest to contain at least 25 Square Miles, or 12 G about

5° Jun

A. U92.

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

v

3.

N° 6.

about!6,000 Statute Acres; of which about One Third Part is inclosed, and die rest open Forest Land; and from all the Information we have received, as well as from a personal View of the Forest, we are convinced that the Soil of the greatest Part of the Land is of the finest Quality for the Growth of Oak Timber.

The Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets which turn Cattle into the Forest, are, So Part of East

Hambledon, Catherington, Clanville, Portsea

Island, Wimmering, Widley, Porchester, Bur-hunt, Wickham, Titchfield, and; and Cattle

from the Parish of Bkndworth, which are turned out on Blendworth Common, adjoining to the Forest, and from the Parishes of Havant, Edsmrth, and ton, turned out on Havant Thicket, go into the Forest; but the Keepers say they know not whether all those Parishes and Places have Right of Common thereon; and we have not found any Proceedings of a Justice Seat, or any other Record, by which the Claims of Common, or other Privileges within this Forest, are clearly ascertained. The Kinds of Cattle allowed to go into the Forest are Horses, Homed Cattle, and Swine ringed, and these are admitted at all Times of the Year; but Sheep are excluded.

The Officers of this Forest, and the Nature of their Appointments, are as follows:

Appendix, A Warden in Fee N° 3.

FourVerderors -

N° 3.

4.5-

Robert Thistlethwayte, Esq.

Sir Thomas Miller, Bart. Thomas Smith, Esq. -James Tooker, Esq. -One Vacancy

by Grant from the Crown.

Chosen by the Freeholders of the County.

EAST WALK:

Two Master Keepers - George Gamier, Esq.

Two Under Keepers - Robert Sharpe

A Ranger - - - - Samuel Leake, Esq.

A Steward of the Swani-J w.,r c. -p mote Court - - -j William Strong, Esq.-

WEST WALK:

Henry Bathurst, Esq. Thomas Cole - -

Twelve Regarders

Two Agistors

(Vide Appendix)

(D°)

Having mentioned fully, in former Reports, the Duties of Verderors, Rangers, and other Forest Officers, which are the same in this as in other Forests, we shall avoid repeating them here; and shall now briefly state in what Manner this Forest has been managed, and what is the present Condition of it, as it appears to us from a very full Return which we have received from the present Steward of the Swanimote Court, on Behalf of the Warden, to whom our Precept was directed; from the Examinations of the Under Keepers upon Oath, the Perusal of the Proceedings of the Courts of the Forest, in the Custody of the Steward, as far back as they have been preserved; and such other Documents as we have met with concerning this Forest, in the Treasury, and other Public Offices.

The Office of Warden, which is annexed to the Castle and Estate of Porchester, is held by Robert

Thistlethwayte, Esquire, by virtue of Letters Patent dated the 13th of September, 8th Charles I. whereby the King granted to Sir William Uvedale, Knight, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, the Castle and Town of Porchester, and all Messuages and Lands thereto belonging, with the Custody and Bailiwick of this Forest, called u South Beare Forest’" and appointed the said Sir William Uvedale, his Heirs and Assigns, Keepers and Bailiffs of the said Forest in Fee, upon Condition that they should, at their own Expence, keep and maintain so many Foresters, Under Foresters, Under Keepers, and Pages, for the Custody of the Forest, as had usually been kept, and pay and allow them such Salaries and Rewards as had been accustomed, and indemnify the Crown therefrom, for ever; and should keep all the Houses, Lodges, and other necessary Buildings in the Forest, in decent Repair, having sufficient Timber for that Purpose within thj Forest by View of the Verderors.

This Grant invested the Warden for the Time being with the Disposal of all the Offices in the Forest, formerly in the Appointment of the Crown; and, from the Conditions contained in the Grant, it appears to have been the Intention of the Crown that while the Warden enjoyed the Patronage and Privileges annexed

All appointed by the Warden during Pleasure.

fChosen as the Ver-\ derors are.

{Appointed Annu-

ally, at the Swanimote Court.

to that Office, he should also bear the Charge of paying the Salaries of the Officers, and of keeping their Houses and Lodges in Repair. The Salaries of the Under Keepers have, however, been paid by the Crown for the last 72 Years; and the Expence of repairing the Lodges has been defrayed in like Manner for a longer Time.

It does not, with Certainty, appear to us at what Time, or upon what Grounds, the Charge of repairing the Lodges was transferred from the Warden to the Crown.

The first Warrant we have met with for that Purpose bears Date in 1707; since which Time there has been expended by the Crown, in supporting the Lodges within this Forest, the Sum of 2,621/. iS$. besides Fees and Poundages of Officers, and other incidental Charges in the Execution, which make no inconsiderable Addition to the Expence of such Works in the Royal Forests.

The first Order for paying Salaries to the Under Appendix, Keepers at the Charge of the Crown, is a Warrant N° 7. under the Hand of King George the First, dated 13th December 1722, which takes Notice, that his Majesty had been given to understand, by a Report of the Surveyor General of the Woods, that the Keepers had been antiently allowed, in lieu of Wages, a certain Portion of Cord Wood, of the Value of 30/. a Year to the Keeper of the East Walk (being the largest) and 20/. a Year to the Keeper of the West Walk, by Assignment of the Officers of the Forest; but that, by Reason of the Scarcity of dotard and decayed Trees, out of which those Assignments had been usually made, the Keepers had received no Allowance for Three Years past; and that there was then a good Quantity of thriving Timber within the Forest, the Preservation of which w'ould much depend upon the Care and Watchfulness of those Keepers; therefore, to encourage them to do their Duty with Diligence and Circumspection, and in Consideration of their quitting all Rights and Pretensions for the future to those Allowances of Cord Wood, the King directed that they should be paid, from Michaelmas 1719, the respective Salaries of 30/. and 20/. per Annum by the Surveyor of the

Woods,

32 Geo. III.

5° Junii.

1033

Woods, out Of Monies arising by Wood Sales from any of his Forests, Parks, or Lands. Those Salaries have, accordingly, been paid to the present Time; and the Amount of them during that Period has been 3,6001.

Prior to this Arrangement there were Two antient Salaries paid by the Warden to die Keepers; 61. for the East Walk, and 31, for the West Walk, in Addition to their Allowances of Cord Wood. These antient Salaries, which have not been paid within the Memory of any of the present Officers, were probably discontinued upon, or soon after, the Establishment of the larger Salaries in 1722. The insufficiency of those small Payments undoubtedly rendered some farther Allowance necessary for the Support of the Keepers. the Regarders presented, in the Year 1688, " That it " would be for his Majesty’s Service, if his Majesty " would please to condescend to an Increase of Salary " for their better Maintenancebut though it was certainly a wise Measure to take away from the Keepers all Pretence for cutting the King’s Timber or Wood by substituting fixed Payments in Money, in lieu of Perquisites, so liable to Abuse, we do not perceive any Thing in the Recommendation of the Regarders, or in the Warrant of 1722, that tended to discharge the Warden from the Payment of the antient Stipends charged on him by the Patent; but when such improvident Grants of Offices in the Forests are made in Fee, and it is left to the Grantees to appoint Officers, to be paid by themselves, to take Care of and protect the Property of the Crown, in which they have no particular Interest, what has repeatedly happened in such Instances is the Consequence naturally to be expected. The requisite Officers are either not appointed, or, from the Want of sufficient Salaries to reward them for Attention, are negligent of their Duty, or else they assume Perquisites destructive to the Wood and Timber, and the Property becomes, by Degrees, of little Value to the Crown. The Amount of those antient Salaries, from the Year 1722, would have been 621 /.

We have already observed that there are Two Lodges belonging to each Walk. The Lodge built on the King’s Purlieu in the East Walk, with about 18 Acres of cleared and inclosed Land, worth about 10 I.per Annum, is occupied by the Under Keeper, who reckons his Office to be worth about 801, per Annum; out of which he pays the Wages of his Assistant, who lives in the small Lodge. He is also at the Expence of keeping Two Horses, and Six or Seven Couple of Hounds, to hunt down the Deer to be killed in both Walks, which are so shy as rarely to admit of any Person coming near enough to shoot them.

In the West Walk, the principal Lodge is occupied by the Master Keeper, with about 90 Acres of inclosed Land, estimated to be worth about 60/. per Annum. A Servant of the Master Keeper lives in the Under Keeper’s Lodge; and the Under Keeper, who is Park Keeper to Mr. Thistlethwayte, lives at his House at Southxvicke, Three Miles from this Walk: He states that for about 8 Years after his Appointment he lived in the Under Keeper’s Lodge, and kept Two Men to assist him in taking Care of the Deer and Woods; that himself and former Under Keepers had the Possession of the inclosed Lands, now held by the Master Keeper, a Part of which, called The Rails, containing about Sixty Acres of Rough Pasture, were always used for browzing the Deer in Winter; but that he was removed from thence about Five Years ago, on the Appointment of the present Master Keeper; and that the Deer were browzed only One Year after his Removal; that he goes sometimes Once, and sometimes Three or Four Times a Week, into the "Walk, but that no Person is now kept there to take Care of it, besides the Master Keeper’s Servant; and that his Emoluments since his Removal are only the Salary of 20/. a Year (deducting 20 s. for Poundage to the Surveyor General) _ Vol. 47-

with about 40 or 50 s. a Year for Furze, which he cuts Thirteenth lUpmi from the King’s Lands for Sale. The Fees for Venison the Land killed in this Walk are allowed to the Keeper of the I^evenue' , other for the Trouble of executing the Warrants. '

The Under Keepers are the only Officers of this Forest who receive Salaries, either from the Crown, or the Warden. The other Officers have no Fees or Perquisites except Fee Deer, with which they are very ill supplied. The Stock of Deer in the East Walk, which a few Years since was about 100 Head, is now increased to 200; and the Number killed Annually is Seven Brace of Bucks. The Deer in the West Walk about 5 or 6 Years ago, were about 100 in Number, but do not now exceed 50; and the Number killed Yearly is not more than a Brace and a Half or Two Brace of Bucks. No Does are killed in either Walk. The Fee Deer claimed by the Forest Officers, Purlieu Owners, and others, are Fifteen from the East, and Twelve from the West Walk, besides the Right of the Crown, and the Claim of the Warden to Venison without Stint. None has been sent from thence to the Royal Larder within the Memory of the present Officers, and the small Number which the Stock now remaining affords, falls very short of supplying the other Claims; and from the Mode of killing the Deer, the Venison is often in such a State as to be unfit for eating, on which Account some of the Parties have declined claiming the Deer they have a Right to be served with.

If the Necessity of having the Under Keepers resident within the Walks they are appointed to guard, needed any Proof, the comparative State of the Two Walks in this Forest would abundantly supply it. In the East Walk the Timber is far better protected than in the other; and there are only Two small Incroachments, containing 7 a. 1 r. 13/>. the greatest Part of which is of antient Date, and only a small Addition has been made since the Appointment of the present Keeper, which he has repeatedly thrown open. In this Walk also the Stock of Deer has been doubled, and in the other reduced One Half in the same Space of Time.

The Incroachments on the Crown Lands are chiefly within the West Walk, where no Under Keeper lives, and the greater Part of them are of modern Date; nor can it be a Matter of Surprize that Intrusions should be committed on the Property of the Crown, while it remains in a State of Neglect, which instead of checking, must encourage and invite Depredation.

Some of the Incroachments are, indeed, of very long standing; but those are few in Number and of small Extent. It appears from the Entries in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, that in the Year 1G86 the Earl of Gainsborough, then Governor of Portsmouth, being named in the same Patent Constable Appendix, of the Castle of Porchester, and Lieutenant of the Fo- 8-rest of South Beare, represented to the Lord Treasurer that some of the Borderers had made Incroachments, and did deny their Lands to be any Part of the Forest; and that his Majesty ( James the Second) who had lately visited the Garrison of Portsmouth, had commanded him to assert his Right, and take the Lord Treasurer’s Directions for maintaining his Authority there. This Representation gave Rise to the Perambulation and Presentment in 1688, mentioned in the former Part of this Report, which ascertained the Boundaries of the Crown Lands, and specified the Incroachments thereon, which were then no more than Seven Cottages, and about Five Acres and a Half of Land. They are since so much increased in Number and Size, that they now contain no less than 51a. 3 r. 39 p. which are particularly described in the Plan, and enumerated in the Return of the Steward of the Swanimote Court, as well as in the Examination of the Keeper; from which also it appears that a great Part of them have been made within a few Years past, and most of them

where

5° Junii.

A. 1792.

Revenue.

Thirteenth Report where there are some very thriving Trees, the Property on the Land of the Crown; and that though they have been repeatedly

thrown open by the Deputy Surveyor and Keepers, they have been taken in again in Defiance of their Authority.

Two of these Incroachments are attended with Circumstances which require to be particularly noticed. — One of them is in the Possession of Captain ,of the Navy, and the other of a Mr. Simon Antram, both of whom, in the Year 1790, presented Memorials to the Lords of the Treasury relative thereto.. The Surveyor General of the Woods, to whom those Memorials were referred, gave a Detail of the Circumstances of each Case in his Report to that Board, in which he states that having applied to Mr. , the Steward of the Swanimote Court, for such Information as he could give him on the Subject, he received from him the following Account, " That previous to Captain " Knight's Purchase Mr. Strong was consulted(through " the Medium of a Friend) on the Title to the Estate " which Captain Knight afterwards purchased; that " he fully warned Captain Knight of its being an Incroachment, and that it would certainly be thrown " up; and that in consequence thereof an Abatement " was made in the Purchase, or some Compensation, " ’till confirmed." Mr. Strot/g added, " That if any One Inclosure was suffered to remain, the whole " would be inclosed again, and new ones set on Foot; " that Captain Knight's Servants were detected cutting young Heirs (or Saplings) when he was in the " Country in the Autumn; and that he had experienced so much for above 20 Years past, that unless " Informations were filed, and the Parties punished in " that Way, the Evil would never be stopped, and the " King’s Purlieu would soon be wholly inclosed, in " every Part where it was worth the Expence, as the " inferior People in the Forest would always follow' " the Example of their Superiors." And upon this the Surveyor General remarked very justly, that, " it " is not the Pieces of Land so taken up that are valuable, or material, but the Persons who make such " Incroachments on the King’s Rights do it with a " View to obtain Rights of Agistment and Common, " and Rights of Turbary and Estovers therein; and " they and their Families chiefly live out of the Profits of the Forest, and commit very great Depredations and Waste." As the Report of the Surveyor General states many other Circumstances necessary to be considered when the Claims of the Possessors of those Incroachments shall come to be decided on, we have annexed a Copy of it to this Report.

That the Intrusions on the Property of the Crown have risen to so great a Height, is perhaps less owing to a Want of Exertion in the Resident Officers, than to the general Inattention of Government to the Interest of the Crown in the Forests, which has prevailed for many Years past It appears that various Representations have been heretofore made to the Treasury, concerning Incroachments in this Forest, particularly in the Year 1734, by Mr. Whitworth, then Surveyor General of the Woods, who, together with a Memorial respecting some recent Intrusions, transmitted Two Depositions as the Foundation of a Prosecution which he strongly recommended, but without Effect. The Success of the Intruders, in those and other Instances, in Spite of the Opposition given to them, naturally encouraged similar Attempts from others; and the utmost Exertions of the resident Officers, unsupported by the Authority of Government, have proved insufficient to prevent them. But what has particularly contributed to render Intruders more daring, is the Difficulty of obtaining Assistance from Magistrates, some of

Appendix, N °9-

N* 10.

whom, when applied to by the Keepers, have declined interfering, alledging, as a Reason for their Refusal, that Offences in the Forests ought to be punished by the Forest Laws.

The Incroachments and Intrusions in this Forest are not confined to the Property of the Crown alone. The " Steward informs us that, " By Means of the Examples " permitted in the King’s Liberty, many Incroachments " are made within the private Purlieus, to the great " Detriment of the Vert and Venison, as well as the " Forest Rights, particularly in the Purlieus of the u Bishop of Winchester, where, of late Years it has be- come a constant Practice for the Stewards of the " Bishop’s Court, who hold their Places by Patent, to " grant new Copies of new Inclosures (as Copyholds) " taking a Fine, and reserving a Rent, although a " Remonstrance has been sent to the Bishop's Steward " by him for so doing." The Inclosures of this Nature in the Bishop’s Purlieus only are stated by the Keeper to amount to near 500 Acres. Inclosures have also been made in other of the private Purlieus; and the Bushes in the uninclosed Parts of these Purlieus (except Mr. Thistlethwayte's,which are well taken

Care of) have been so much cut, that the Covert is entirely destroyed, and no more young Timber can come up there.

It appears by the Forest Court Books, of which we have had the Perusal, from the Year 1685, that, for a few Years, a Court was held Three or Four Times in a Year; after which, with some intermissions, it continued to be held Once a Year, in the Month of September, till the Year 1768. In 1769 the Steward informs us a Court was summoned; but no Verderors attending, it was not opened, and none has been held since. The Vacancies which have happened in the Offices of Regarders and Agistors, have not been filled up; and the Forest has not been driven, either for preventing Surcharges of the Common, or the Admission of uncommonable Cattle, or Cattle of Persons not having Right of Common, since the Appointment of either of the present Keepers, nor probably for many Years before.

While the Courts of the Forest were regularly held, and the Verderors exerted their Authority, they undoubtedly afforded some Check to Abuses of this Nature. The Court Books, of which wc give Two Extracts in the Appendix, contain frequent Presentments of Inclosures unlawfully made, and of others (which had been made under the Authority of the Act of 22d of Edward the Fourth) being kept up beyond Seven Years, contrary to that Statute, with Directions to the Forest Officers to lay them open. There are also many Presentments for cutting Bushes, Furze, Holly, and Fern, unlawfully; and it is particularly set forth in those Presentments, that the Purlieu Owners have no Right to cut down the Holly in their own Purlieus, but that it ought to be left for Browze for the King's Deer. Frequent Orders were made at those Courts for prosecuting Offenders, which, however, does not appear to have been done in any One Instance; and from the Infrequency of holding the Courts, as well as the Wrant of Energy in their Proceedings, they appear for many Years past to have been attended with little good Effect.

We shall now give a brief Account of the State of the King’s Timber in this Forest, from Two Surveys; One of them taken in the Year 1608, under the Direction of the Ministers of James the First, and the other by Order of the House of Commons, in the Year 1783, and shew what Revenue it has produced to the ' Crown during the present Century.

Vi<k Under Kctper'i Li

N’5-

Appendix,

N° n.

22 Edw. r. cap. 4*

Appendix,

Nw 12,13

In

32 Geo. III.

1035

5° Junii,

In 1608:

Timber Trees. Firewood and Decayed Trees.

Number. Value. Estimated Quantity, Square Measure. Quantity. Value.

5,3 65 £. 9. d. 2,129 4 5 6,387 Loads 8,814 Loads. £. t. d. 661 1 —

In 1783.

210 Oak Trees, of 30 Feet lids. Ft 530 Scrubbed and Contents. Lds. Ft.

and upwards - 226 5- Unthrifty Trees 26a 29

5,024 Growing Trees, from 5 to 30 Feet - 1,024 16

As the Timber Trees mentioned in the Survey of 1608 (which were nearly of the same Average Size as the Oak Trees of 30 Feet and upwards, mentioned in the other Survey) were in the Proportion of only Six to an Acre, it may reasonably be presumed, that there were at least as many Trees of smaller Sizes growing at that Time, as are mentioned in the Survey of 1783; and we conclude, therefore, that the Quantity of Oak Timber remaining in 1783 was not more than One

28th Part of what was growing the re at the former Period.

We know not what Timber was felled in this Forest, between the Years 1608 and the Beginning of the present Century; but by the annexed Abstract of the Accounts of Wood Sales, since the Year 1700, it appears that the whole Produce of the Wood and Timber felled during that £. d.

Period amounted to the Sum of - 11,63418 2

From that Gross Produce is to be deducted,

£. 9 d.

The Amount of the Salaries of the Under-Keepers since the Year 1719 Repairs of Lodges since the Year 1707 ——

Expences of the felling and Sale of the Timber, Fees and Poundages to Officers, and other incidental Charges ——

3,600 ——

2,621 18 —

1,263 12 6

7,485 10 6

Net Produce in 91 Years -Or, ammunibusAmis, from the Lands in both Walks, containing together 926 Acres

£. 4,149 7 8

£. 45 t2 —

Yet this Annual Produce, small as it is, has arisen principally from a Stock of Timber nursed up and protected during the last Century, when, as we have shewn in former Reports, much more Care was taken to encourage and protect the Growth of Timber in the Royal Forests than has been shewn since that Time.

It appears from the Account we have given of the Condition and Management of this Forest, that it is at present in a very neglected and unproductive State; and that neither the Crown, the Purlieu Owners, nor the Commoners, derive those Advantages from it to which they are respectively entitled.

The Forest, as we have already observed, is computed to contain not less than 16,000 Acres, on which the Crown has an unlimited Right of keeping Deer, and to be supplied with Venison without Stint, yet the Number of Deer actually kept is not above Two hundred and Fifty; and none are supplied from thence for the Use of the Royal Household.

The Lands belonging to the Crown in the Forest are continually diminished by Incroachment; and great Depredations are committed by cutting the Timber Trees and Saplings, and the Bushes which nurse and protect them.

The practice of cutting the Bushes in the private Purlieus by preventing the Growth of Timber, deprives the Owners of those Purlieus of any other Advantage than a Share of the Pasture for their Tenants, which is comparatively of very small Value to them.

The making Inclosures from the Commons, as is Vol. 47.

done in the Purlieus belonging to the Bishop of Winchester and some others; the Neglect of driving the Forest, and the Total Want of any Regulation for preventing the overstocking the Common, or the Admission of the Cattle of Strangers, progressively curtails the Extent, and lessens the Value, of the Commonable Right, to those who are legally entitled to it.

It is the Opinion of some very intelligent Persons with whom we have conversed, and who are well informed of the State of the Forest, and the Property connected with it, that the Profit which the Commoners at present derive from their Right of Common on the uninclosed Lands, is hardly 1 s. an Acre; but that the Land in general, if inclosed, would be worth from ioj. to 15s. an Acre in Tillage; and that the Soil of a great Part of it is so peculiarly adapted for the Growth of Oak, that it could not be applied to a more profitable Use than the Cultivation of Naval Timber.

From all these Circumstances, as well as from the Vicinity of the Forest to the Dock Yard at Portsmouth (to which the whole Expence of the Carriage of the Timber is only Eight Shillings and Six Pence per Load) we apprehend no Doubt can remain that the Improvement of this Forest, as a Nursery of Timber, is an' Object highly deserving of the Attention of the Legislature.

Wishing to propose such an Arrangement respecting the Forest as might not only answer die Public Object of adding to the Supply of Timber for the Navy, but

12 H ' meet

A. 1792.

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

meet with the Approbation of all the Parties interested, and consequently be more easily effected, we have had Communication with several of the principal Proprietors of Purlieus; and in every Instance have found them desirous of a Disafforestation, and a Division and Inclosure of the Laud; and we are ourselves convinced that no other Means would be found so much for the general Benefit.

We therefore humbly recommend, that the Crown should consent to a Disafforestation; and that some Persons should be authorized on the Part of Government to treat and agree with the Warden, the Owners of the Purlieus, and those who have Rights of Common in the Forest in the first Place for exonerating the Lands of the Crown from all Rights of Common, or Claim of any Kind, so as that those Lands may be inclosed, and always kept as Nurseries of Timber; and in the next Place for a Share of the uninclosed Land not belonging to the Crown, and at present subject to the Range of the Deer, to be allotted in Return, or as an Equivalent for the Disafforestation and Removal of the Deer; which Allotment should be of a Soil fit for the Growth of Timber, and situated near to the present Property of the Crown, and should be inclosed for that Purpose, and be also discharged from every Right of Common.

The great Obstacle to the Improvement of this valuable Territory being removed by the Disafforestation, the Division of the Remainder of the Land now subject to the Range of the Deer, and the Rights of Common, will be more easily accomplished. The Allotments to the Purlieu Owners, and to the Commoners, may either be made at the same Time with those to be set out for the Crown, or afterwards, as the Parties may think most advisable; and an Act of Parliament, may be passed appointing Commissioners either for carrying into Effect the Agreements previously made, or for estimating the Rights of Parties, and making Allotments of Land in Proportion to them.

This Arrangement and Division, w'e apprehend, would be of great Benefit to all the Parties interested.

The Crown would obtain a very considerable Allotment of Land peculiarly adapted to the Growth of Oak, in a Situation the most convenient of any Forest for the Supply of the principal Dock Yard, and be freed from the Waste and Destruction of the Wood and Timber by the Deer, the Cattle, and the neighbouring Inhabitants, as well as from the Danger of future Purpresture, none of which Evils can be so effectually prevented as by Inclosure; and for the Acquisition of those Advantages the Crown will make no Sacrifice, for we have shewn in the former Part of this Report, that no Deer have for many Years been furnished to the Royal Household from this Forest, and its Situation is too distant for the Diversion of the Chace.

The Owners of Purlieus will receive valuable Additions to their Estates of fertile Lands, fit either for Tillage or the Growth of Timber, in Return for certain Rights in uninclosed Wastes, which have yielded very little, and which, if the Crown had exercised its Rights to their full Extent, would have yielded nothing.

: They will also! be freed from the Injury to the Crops on their cultivated Lands, which is considerable, though there are at present so few Deer in the Forest, and which would be much increased if the Forest should ever be fully stocked with Deer; and more particularly if Red Deer, of which there are now considerable Numbers in other Royal Forests, should ever be introduced into this.

Those who have Rights of Common would receive an Equivalent for those Rights; and even the Cottagers living on the Borders of the Forests, who, by our Information, at present waste their Time in pilfering in the Woods, would find useful Employment, from the Demand for Labour which the Inclosure and Improvement of the Wastes would create, and might perhaps be led to Habits of Industry.

Cha? (L. S.)

Land Revenue Office, Call, (L. S.)

Scotland Yard, John Fordyct, (L. S.)

May 31st, 1792.

sea -

32 Geo. III.

5° Jun

1087

APPENDIX.

No. Page

1. — Perambulation of the Forest of Bere, 28th Edward I. - - - . 1038

2. — Perambulation of the Forest of South, otherwise East Bier, otherwise the Forest of

Por Chester, 1688 - - - 1038

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

V —

3. — Extract from the Return of the Steward of the Swanimote Court of the Forest of Bere

to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue 1040

4. — Examination of Robert Sharp, Under Keeper of the East Walk of the said Forest - 1043

5. — Examination of Thomas Cole, Under Keeper of the West Walk of the said Forest - 1044

6. — Grant in Fee to Sir William Uvedale, Knight, of the Castle and Village of Porchester, and of the Custody and Bailiwicke of South Beare Forest, dated 13 June, 8th Cha. I. - 1049

7. — Sign Manual for Payment of Salaries to the Under Keepers of the said Forest, in lieu

of ancient Allowances of Cordwood, dated 13th 1722 - 1050

8. — Representation of the Earl of Gainsborough to the Lord High Treasurer, of Incroach-

ments made on the Forest of Bere, and Report of the Deputy Surveyor thereon, 13th November 1686 - -- - 1051

9. — Report of the Surveyor General of the Woods on the Memorials of Captain Knight

and Mr. Simon Antram, Possessors of Lands incroached within the said Forest,

4 November 1790 ----- ----- - 1052

10. — Letter from Francis Whitworth, Esquire, to the Lords of the Treasury, dated 24 De-

cember 1734, with Depositions of Richard Watts and William Loten, then Under Keepers of the said Forest, as to Incroachments recently made there . - - 1054

11. — Presentments made at the Swanimote Courts of the said Forest, in the Years 1752

and 1768 - -- -- 1055

12. — Survey of Timber in the Forest of East Beare, 1608 ----- - 1058

13. — State of the Timber in Bere Forest, presented to the House of Commons by John Pitt,

Esquire, Surveyor General of the Woods in the Year 1783 - - - - 1059

14. — Abstract of Accounts of Wood Sales in the Forest of Bere, and in other Forests in-

eluded in the same Accounts, and also of Monies imprested from the Land Revenue for defraying the Expences of Works and Repairs in the Forest of Beare, and for other Purposes, from 1700 to 1791, inclusive ----- -- 1060

15. — State of Account of the Produce of Navy Timber and Wood Sales in the said Forest,

and of Disbursements relative thereto, from 1700 to 1791 - - - - 1061

Vol. 47.

5° Ju

A. 1792.

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

N* i.

sentments, under their restive Hands, of the said Meets, Limits, & Bounds, are as follows; (viz*)

PERAMBULATION of the Forest of Bere, in the 28th Year of King Edward I.

Ex Bundei de Forestis Antiq Tempori^ 28* Edw. primi, n. 22.

SOUTHTON — PERAMBULATIO sea in Foresta de Bere in f)sencia Jotiis de Berewyk et Socior’ suor* ad hoc assignSt’ et in ^sencia Jotiis de Romesy Tenentis Locum Jus tic’ Foreste & in {5sencia Jotiis de Far-lington Forestar de Feodo, Rici Le Portir de Spersholt & Ade de Kingbriggs Viridarij Foreste pdce ad Bdcam Pambulacoem faciend’, sic pcessum est, Inprnis, VidSlt, apud Edrichestapele & sic semp p Viam de Langgely usq^ La Wytefeld & inde usq^ ad Portam Txirialem de Asscheley, et inde usq^ ad Merkewey & inde usc^ Heggeslond & inde usq> Lypsedes crofte & inde us% Twyseledwat'hok & inde usqj Wodechirrlu-repaz et inde uscjj ad Viam que vocatur Bergats & inde p novam Ireinchiam sub Hameledon us% Hameledon & sic usq^ Flexelond & inde usq^ ad

fdcm Edrichestapele ET dicunt Jurati q4 pdce lete et Bunde ante tempos Coronacois Dni Regis H. p’avi Dni Regis nunc totam pdcam Forestain de Bere includere solebant. Dicunt eciam q4 Dnus Rex nullum Dnicum Boscum tlet juxta easdem Metas dee Foreste adjacentem. Et dicunt q4 omes Bosci tVe & Loca extra f)dcas Metas et Bundas prdee Foreste appropriate, que p istam Pambulacoem deafforestantur, appropriate fuerunt Foreste post tempus Coronacois H. Regis p’avi Dni Regis nunc, Set quid & quantum tempe cujuslibet Regis separatim nullo modo eis con-stare potest.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

Robert,

Chief Clerk.

SOUTH, afe EAST BEIR, ats POR-CHESTER FORREST.

N* 2.

THE PERAMBULATION or Description of the Meets, Limits & Bounds of his

FORESTA de SOUTH, ats)

EAST BEIR, ats FOREST, de PORCH ESTER, in Coin SOUTHTON.

Majesty’s Forrest of South, ats East Bier, ats Porchester Forrest, in his Matye's County of Southampton, together with his Majestye’s own Demeasne Lands therein contained, began at Wickham in the said County the 21 st Day of February in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord James the Second, by the Grace Of God of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. Annoq Dom 1687; and from that Day continued by several Adjournments unto the 19th Day of May following. By virtue of his Majestye’.s Commission, under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westm’, the Sixteenth Day of Dec’, in the Third Year of His said Majestye’s Reign, to us directed, (viz*) John West (now Lord de la Warr) Cha* Wells, Henry Slingsby, Edmund Perkins, Richard Carter, Thomas Billson, and Sam1 Ely, Esq", or to any Three of us (whereof the said Sam1 Ely to be’ One.) The which Perambulation, Inspection, or Description of his Majestye’s said Forest, was presented unto us his Majestye’s said Comm" by the Jurors of our said Sovereign Lord the King, chosen, impannel'd, and sworn, in that Behalf, by the Sheriffe of the said County, and by the Regarders of the said Forrest. The Names of which said Jury follow, (viz*) Michael Titchbome, Gent George Yeats, Gent. Robert Forder, John Hawkes worth, John Westbrooke, Peter Hasler, Thomas Eyre, John Blake, Richard Warne, Henry Hopkins, Richard Spencer, Martin Biddlecome, John Paimer, W* Goldwyre, and John Draper, whose Pre-

THE PRESENTMENT of the said Jury, made the 18th of May, in the 4th Yre of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King James 'the Second over England, &c. Annoq Dom 1688, by virtue of his Majestye’s Commission under the Broad Seal of England, directed to In* West (now Lord De. La Warr) Cha* Wells, Henr Slingsby, Edra4 Perkins, Rich4 Carter, Tho* Billson, & Sam1 Ely, Esq", Comm" app4 to perambulate the s4 Forrest, who being sworn to enquire concerning the Meets, Limitts, and Bounds of the said Forrest, Do present, That the Meets, Limitts, and Bounds of his Majestye’s said Forrest have always been reputed and known to be as follows; (viz*)

IMPRIMIS. — Biginning at Mislingford, from thence to Hone Corner, thence to Horsley Lake, thence to Watch Bush, thence to Black Wool, thence to New Ditch Comer, thence to the Regard Lane, thence thro’ Huinborn Grounds, to Humborn Pond, thence to Rudley Mill Pond, thence to Clay Lane, thence to Ervills Lane to the Road that leads to Ham-bledon, thence to Tanners Lane, and thro’ Tanners Lane to Anthill Heath, thence to Lane,

thence to Denmead Pond, thence to Anmore Dell, thence to Shover Coppice Corner, thence to Rail Dell, 'thence to Wickock Pound, thence through Lanchmore Grounds to Keepers Stile, thence through Archers Crofts, thence up the Lake leading to Lady Oak, thence through Bells Coppice to Upper Padwell Course, thence by Bedhampton Park Hedge to the Water Hatch, thence through Stakes Coppice and through Stakes Farm to Little Park Corner, thence into the Horseway leading to Havant, thence to Far-lington Pound, thence into Purbrook Heath, across the London Road leading to Portsmouth, thence to Potwell Lane End, then along that Lane till you come to Manons Earth, then along Wards Lane, thence to Lye Heath, thence to Warren Gate, then thro’ a Lane that divides the Warren & Plashot Wood, thence to Bed brooks House, thence to Creech Lane, thence to Draw Leg Lane, and all along the Lane to Walken Heath, thence through Walken Heath to the Old Brick Hills, thence to Burhunt Lodge Gate, thence into the Road that leads from Southwick to Wickham, thence to Staple Cross, thence to Wine Cross, then along the Road to Mount Folly Comer, thence along the Road to Wickham Forrest Gate, thence along the Lane to Wickham Church, thence along the River to Sheepbridge, thence along the River to Misling Ford, where the Bounds began.

Item. We present, That in the said Forrest are Two Walks, called East & West Walks. In the East Walk are Two Lodges, of which Walk Henry Pounds, Esq’, is Master Keeper. In the West Walk One Lodge, Thomas Watts Master Keeper.

Item. We present, That his Majesty hath certain Demeasne Lands within the said Forrest, which s4 Lands are bounded, and have been perambulated by us as follows:

In the East Walk, beginning at the King’s Pound at Apleys Comer, To an Oak marked J. R. thence to a Bound Oak near adjoining, leaving the King’s Lands on the Right Hand, and the Lands of the Bishop of Winchester on the left, to a Place called the Apses, thence to a small Oak marked J. R. thence thro’ a Path leading thro’ Creeches Holmes, thence to a stooping Oak, thence to Part of a Lane of the Bishop of Winton’s, thence to the Two Oaks at the End of Creech Rails, thence to a Mound at the Comer of Creech Rails, thence across Creech Heath to a Mound, thence leaving the Fox Holes on the South Side to the Teazing Bush, where there is another Mound, thence

« to

32 Geo. III.

5° yun

1039

to another Oak, that parts the King, the Bishop, & Col* Norton, thence to a gravelly Lake, thence to a Mound in Hambledon Way, to Jeys Gate, thence to a Turning out of a Greenway to Col1 Norton’s Land on the South, thence down the Lake, thence to an Oak in the Lake, thence to Damnams beds, thence to a bound Stone, thence to a small Oak, thence to the bound Oak, thence to a Mound by the Ditch parting Col1 Norton and the King, thence to a Turning thro’ the River, thence along the Ditch to the bound Stone in the Ditch, thence to a boundary Tree at Cox Corner, thence to a Mound in the South end of King’s Pound, thence to the North End of King’s Pound; wherein are about a Thousand thriving Oaks.

Item. In the West Walk, His Majestye’s Demesne Lands are bounded as follows; (viz') Beginning at a bound Oak adjoining to the Rayle near the Lodge, thro’ the Lodge entring at the Porch Door, thro’ the Hall and Garden, directly to the Rayle adjoininjg to the Garden, thence to a Mound by the Rayle Side Westward, thence to Blakes Gully, thence to Lymittree Borough, thence tp Rocks Burroughway, thence to a Mound near Gregorie’s, thence thro’ Gregorie’s House to the River, thence to Mislingford, so to hunting hole, thence over the River to Beir Comer, thence to Hone Corner, thence to Horsley head, thence to Watch Bush, thence to Wallop’s Oak, thence to the Ewe Tree in the Bush, thence to King’s Oak, so by the Rayle to the Oak where we began.

Item. We present, That his Majesty hath no Right to Timber or Woods within the said Forrest, but within his own Demeasne Lands; and that all Persons may cut their Timber and Woods within the said Forrest, as by the Charter of Confirmation of this Forrest, made in the Fourth Year of King Henry the Fifth, may appear.

SOUTH, ats EAST BEIR, ats PORCHESTER FORREST.

THE PRESENTMENT of (the Regarders of the said Fo-’ rest, at the Commission holden at Wickham aforesaid, for perambulating the said Forest, the 19,h Day of May, in the 4th Yre of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King James the Second over England, Annoq Dom 1688.

Item. We present, That on View of the King’s Coppice in West Walk, called New Coppice, lately inclosed for the Preservation of the Growth of young Timber, that it may be much for his Majestye’s Advantage that the old Stuff may be cut down, whereby there may be a better Growth of the young Wood. We present, that the Fence of the said Coppice lately made is defective, and that the Preservation of the said Coppice cannot well be secured, but by a Rayle to be made on the Bank of the said Fences.

Item. We present, That the Coppice called the Old Coppice, containing about Fifty Acres, is fit to

be inclpsed for the Preservation of the Growth of Thirteenth Report Young Timber for his Majestye’s Service. "n the Lan<1

Item. We present, That John Hewett inhabiteth ^evenue-a Cottage, and Half an Acre of Land, inclosed within '

his Majesty’s Demesne Lands, but how long the sa\d Purpresture hath been we know not.

Item. We present, That Justinian Gregory inhabiteth a Cottage and One Acre of Land, but how long the said Purpresture hath been we cannot be informed.

Item. We present, That John Lomar inhabiteth a Cottage and One Acre of Land, but how long the said Purpresture hath been we know not.

Item. We present, That William Button inhabits a Cottage & One Acre of Land of Purpresture inclosed, but how long since the said Purpresture was erected, we know not.

Item. We present, That W" Barker inhabiteth One Cottage & One Acre of Land inclosed, but how long the said Purpresture was erected we know not.

Item. We present, That Henry Reed inhabiteth a Cottage and Half an Acre of Land, of which he is convicted at the Swanmote Court.

Item. We present, That Thomas Saunders inhabiteth a Cottage and Half an Acre of Land, w'k Purpresture was erected about Ten Years ago.

Item. We present, That the Keepers of the s4 Forest are Two, Henry Pounds, Esq', Keeper of the East Walk, and Tho’ Watts, Gent. Keeper of the West Walk, and that the antient Salaries paid to the said Keepers by S' Wm Udale dec?d, and his Successors, are Six Pounds a Year to the Keeper of the East Walk, and Three Pounds a Year to the Keeper of the West Walk; and we humbly conceive it may be for his Majesty’s Service, if his Majesty would please to condescend to allow them an Increase of Salary, for their better Maintenance.

These last Presentments are to us presented and subscribed by the Regarders of the said Forrest (viz1)

John Antram, Tho’ Roy, Henry Forster, Rich4 Callaway, John Cully, Tho* Clement, Francis Oliver, John Glasspoll, In* Eyles.

Wee his Majestye’s said Comm" whose Names are hereunto subscribed, do humbly present this to yr Lordsps, as the Return to our s4 Comission, having nothing else occurring to us, but the Omissions of keeping the Courts of the s4 Forrest in a due and regular Manner, as they ought to be by the said Forrest Laws, & which, if duly done, would tend much to his Matye’s Service. And we hilly pray y' Ldsps would be pleased to take into your Considon some additional Allowance to the Keepers, for the better Performance of their Dutyes & Trust reposed in them. Given under our Hands at Wickham afs4, the 19,h Day of May, in the 4,h Yre of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King James the 2d over England, &c. Annoq Dom.

1688.

Convenit cum Record. pr Sam* Ely.

In* Antram, Tho* Roy, Heny Forster,

Rich4 Callaway, John Cully, Tho' Clement,

Francis Oliver, 1

John Glasspoll, > Regarders.

John Eyles. J

Charles Wells, Henry Slingsby,

Edm4 Perkins, Rich4 Carter,

wir}comm"-

Exam4 with the Original Copy at Southmck House, and is a true Copy thereof,

Wm Strong.

5° Junii.

A. 1792.

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

EXTRACT from the Return made by Mr. Strong, Steward of the Swanimote Court of the Forest of Bert\

to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Gentlemen,

IN Obedience to Directions to me, as Steward of the Swainmote Court for the Forest of Bere, otherwise East Bere, otherwise South Bere, in the County of Southampton, received from Robert Thistlethwayte Esquire, Hereditary Warden of the said Forest, and in Compliance with the Request in your Letter to him of the Ttb May Instant, I herewith transmit to you the best Information in my Power, in Answer to the several Requisitions in that Letter made.

The Officers of the Forest, the Nature or Duty of their respective Offices, how or by whom appointed, the Tenure of their Offices, their Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments, and by whom paid, are as follows:

Hereditary Lord Warden.

Four Verderors.

Robert Tkistlethwayt, Esq.

In Fee.

Is so by Purchase, and to which is annexed the Constableship of the Castle and Village of Port’ Chester. He is Judge of the Swainmote Court, and has the Right of appointing Foresters, Deputy Foresters, Deputy Keepers, Ranger, and other Officers, as after stated, during Pleasure, and to see they do their Duty.

No Salary whatever appears to be annexed to his Office, but he is entitled to Fee Bucks and Fee Does without Stint He has nothing to do with the Timber, except in his own Purlieus, which is hia own Property.

Sir Thomas Miller, Bart. Thomas Smyth, Esq. James Tooker, Esq.

and One Vacancy.

Are appointed by the Freeholders of the County of Southampton at large, under the usual Writ issued for that Purpose out of the Court of Chancery, and is an Office for Life. Their Duty is to assist the Judge of the Court, and to preserve the Vert and Venison in the Forest.

No Salary or Emoluments are annexed, being merely honorary, except a Fee Buck and Doe out of each Walk.

T«o Master Keepers.

Ranger.

Steward of the Swainmote Court.

George Gamier, Esq. of the East Walk or Bailiwick, and

Major Henry Bathurst, of the West Walk or Bailiwick.

Are appointed by Deputation under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Warden, and hold the same during his Pleasure only.

They receive no Salary, Fees, or Emoluments whatever, save a Fee Buck and Doe out of their respective Walks.

The Duty of their Office is to preserve the Vert and Venison in the said Forest, to preside with the Judge of said Court, and to receive Presentments from their Under Keepers, Foresters, and others, of all Offences committed in said Forest, respecting Timber, Deer, Vert, Incroachment, and to controul and direct their Under Keepers in the Execution of their Offices, but have no Power to punish.

Samuel Leeke, Esq.

Appointed by a Deputation under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Warden, during Pleasure only.

No Salary, Fees, or Emoluments, save a Fee Buck and Doe Annually. His Duty is to drive the Forest Annually, to prevent over or improper Stock. Office merely honorary.

William Strong.

Appointed by a Deputation under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Warden, during his Pleasure only. He knows of no Salary, Fee, or Emolument, being annexed thereto, never having received any, except a Fee Buck and Doe Annually. Was appointed in 1768. His Duty is to summon the Court and Officers, to take Minutes thereof, enter same, and all Presentments then made.

Twelve

Twelve Regarders.

Thomas Land, living Humphry Brett, supposed dead John Whitehead, D*

Thomas Hatch, living George Earle, supposed dead Edward Smith, D*

James Cook, D°

Robert Wagstaffe, D*

Daniel Day, D*

Henry White, D*

Henry Cook, D*

John Sutton, dead.

Agistors.

Thomas Callaway, living.

Edward Shenvin, dead. J

Two Under Keepers, or Sub Foresters.

Thomas Cole, of the West Walk, and

Robert Sharp, of the East Walk.

Are appointed by the Voice of the Freeholders Thirteenth Report of the County at large, under the usual Writ out

of the Court of Chancery for that Purpose. Have _______’______,

no Salary, Fees, or Emoluments whatever, save a Fee Buck Annually amongst them. Their Duty is to perambulate the Forest, to prevent Incroach-raents, and to present same at the Court, and to follow such Directions as they there receive, for the Protection and Preservation of the Forest

These Officers are sworn in at the Court Annually. Have no Salary, Fee, or Reward whatever. Their Duty is to assist the Ranger when he drives the Forest, and to attend all Perambulations, &c.

Are appointed by Deputation under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Warden, during Pleasure only. Their Salary, Fees, and Emoluments, are as follows:

To the Keeper of the West Walk is annexed a Salary of 2ol. a Year, and under a Treasury Warrant paid by the Crown. He has a Lodge to live in, standing on the King’s Land, and built by Government, and a small Farm and Land within a Rail. His Duty is to execute all Warrants properly directed to him for killing Deer within his Walk; to protect, nourish, and preserve the King’s Timber within his Walk; to preserve the Vert and Venison; to prevent, as far as possible, all Incroachments and Abuses, and report same to the Surveyor General, and present same at the Swainmote Court.

To the Keeper of the East Walk, which is extensive, is annexed a Salary of 30 /. a Year, paid in like Manner. In this Walk are Two Under Keepers Lodges, standing on the King’s Land, and built by Government. To One, a small Parcel of Land, to the other a larger Portion, within a Rail, each. This Under Keeper is obliged to keep a Deputy, owing to the Extent of his Walk. His Duty is the same as the former Under Keeper, before stated.

In respect of the Demesne Lands, Woods, and Wastes belonging to the Crown within this Forest, and of the Lodges, Houses, and other Buildings erected thereon (not taking here under Consideration the Heads of Incroachment) I know of no Demesne Lands belonging to the Crown, other than the small Farm annexed to the Under Keeper's Salary of the West Walk; and except Two Purlieus, One in the East Walk, and the other in the West Walk, the Timber and Wood whereof belongs to the Crown. There is in the East Walk, as before observed, Two Under Keepers Lodges, built and kept in Repair at the Expence of Government; and in the West Walk a Master Keeper’s Lodge, and an Under Keeper’s Lodge, also built and kept in Repair at the Expence of Government, with the respective Rails to each allotted; and no other Houses or Buildings the Property of the Crown.

The Rights or Claims of Individuals, as to Common of Pasture, Turbary, or Estovers within the Limits of the Forest, that have come to my Knowledge, are, That all Farms and Estates bordering thereon, together with all the Tenants of Ancient Demesne, within the Manor and Parish of Portchester, and Manor of Wicor, and the Freeholders of the said Parish, have exercised, Time out of Mind, an unlimited Right to turn out into the said Forest, and which has always been admitted and allowed as an indisputable Right.

The whole Forest is divided into different Purlieus, the Rights within which (though uninclosed) are, that all the Timber growing therein is the sole Property of the Person within whose Purlieu it grows, and who Vol. 47.

can cut same at Pleasure; yet every One having Right of Common, &c. claim such Right over the Whole of the said Purlieus; and the Vert and Venison is considered as belonging to the Crown, subject to the aforesaid Rights of Common, and the Rights of Individuals annexed to their respective Appointments, and in Right of their Purlieus to issue their Warrants to the Under Keepers for their Fee Bucks.

There being no Timber in this Forest belonging to the Crown, but what grows within the Purlieus of the Crown before described, no Annual Falls of Timber are made therein for the Use of the Navy. Partial Falls have been made therein, by Warrants from the Treasury, for particular Purposes, which the Treasury Books will shew; and these Falls, when made, are subject to no Controul whatever of the Warden, or any Officers appointed by him it being as much the Right of the Crown, as the Timber growing within the private Purlieus is the Right of Individuals to whom such Purlieus belong; nor is there any Assignment in that Forest for Fuel to any Tenants whatever; nor has any Man a Right to cut for Fuel therein, but with the special Leave and Licence of the respective Owner or Owners of each Purlieu; and when he does so cut, he should only cut H high; but this, I am sorry to say, is not observed in any Part of the whole Forest, except in the Purlieu of the Warden, who has rigidly prevented, as far as in his Power, any of his Tenants cutting Bushes, or any other Wood, on any Pretence whatever, it being the only Nursery for the raising and preserving the Growth of Forest Timber; and the Mischief that is done in most other Purlieus, for Svant of such is very visible.

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

1042 5° Junn. A. 1792.

As to any other Claims in the Forest, I know of none but what are before stated, save the Tenants on Rood Day claim the Privilege of beginning to cut Fern, and carry same away, which is likewise a great Evil to the Growth of Timber:

As to the Request, what Courts are held for the said Forest, and how often ? By whom, and at what Place or Places ? And where the Court Books or Records of Proceedings at such Courts are deposited and preserved P

I find by the Court Books, dated so far back as 1685, that Courts of Swainmote were regularly held from that Time until the Year 1734, at Creech Lodge, in the said Forest, being One of the Lodges situate in the East Walk of the said Forest; and from that Time at the West Lodge in the said Forest, before the Warden, Verderors, Foresters, Sub-Foresters, Ranger, Woodward and Regarders; and that the last Court was summoned on the 25th September, 1769, at the said West Lodge, but as none of the Verderors attended, the Court was hot opened; so that the last Court actually held, at which any Business was done, was on the 26th September 1768, when many Presentments were made, and Resolutions formed accordingly, for the Regulation of the said Forest, and Preservation of Property therein from future Nuisances and Incroachment3, the Books or Records whereof are in my Custody.

As to the Request, what Incroachments or Intrusions have been made upon the Property of the Crown within the Forest; by whom, and at what Times respectively, as near as can be ascertained ? And whether any and what Means have been used to prevent such Intrusions or Incroachments?

It appears by the various Observations I have made and been able to collect;

That one John Hewitt inclosed Half an Acre of Land, and built a Cottage thereon, now of ancient Date.

That Justinian Gregory inclosed an Acre of Land, and built a Cottage thereon, now of ancient Date.

That John Lomar inclosed an Acre of Land, and built a Cottage thereon, now of ancient Date.

That William Button inclosed an Acre of Land, and built a Cottage thereon, now of ancient Date.

That William Barker inclosed an Acre of Laud, and built a Cottage thereon, now of ancient Date.

That Henry Reed inclosed Half an Acre of Land, and built a Cottage thereon, of which he had been convicted at a Swaimnote Court, but continued the same in Defiance of such Conviction, and now of ancient Date.

That Thomas Saunders inclosed Half an Acre of Land,-and built a Cottage thereon, now of ancient Date.

That on another Survey taken by me, with the Sub-Foresters, and Under Woodward, a few Years ago, we discovered the following Inclosures and Incroachments, of a late Date;

viz.

By one Prior, who inhabits a House by him built about Fourteen Years ago, a new Inclosure of about Four Acres of Land, and which has since increased, and is increasing Yearly.

By one Antram, who purchased a House and several Acres of Land of one Pafford, an ancient Inclosure, a new Inclosure of several Acres, and cleaning Ground to inclose more.

By one Inge, who inhabits a House by him built about Nine Years ago, a new Inclosure of an Acre, and which is increasing.

By one Button, who inhabits & House and about Eight Acres of Land, formerly only a Cottage and about One Acre, is yet adding to his Quantity by Annual Inclosures.

By one Budden, who inhabits a House and several Acres of Land, supposed to be an ancient Inclosure, a new Inclosure of above Three Acres, and which is increasing.

By one Pafford, who has lately inclosed Six Acres.

By one Prior, who inhabits a Cottage and Three Acres of Land, great Part whereof is inclosed within these Six Years.

By one Hunt, who has built a House, and inclosed about Six Acres, within these Eight Years, and is increasing.

By one Spaishott, who has lately added to an old Inclosure.

By another Man of the same Name, the like.

By one Inge, who has been building and inclosing about Twelve Acres of Land, within these Twelve Years, and is increasing.

By one Castleman, a small Inclosure added to other Property.

By one Lacy, Half an Acre of Land about Nine Years ago, and a Cottage thereon.

By one Prior, Half an Acre of Land about Nine Years ago, and a Cottage thereon.

On a Survey made in 1787, I discovered the following new Inclosures, since former Survey.

By one Lames, at Blacknest, Two Slips planted of about Half an Acre, and another Piece of Two Acres, which had been thrown up by the King’s Under Woodman, Mr. Bryant, but again inclosed.

By old Pryor, at or near a Place called Chip Hall, on Orchard, a Mead, and about Two Acres of Ground, was also thrown open in 1786 by the same Woodman but again inclosed. Also at Chip Hall, an entire new Inclosure of a Cottage and Garden, thrown open by the same Woodman, but again inclosed.

By one Budden, at Chip Hall, an Inclosure of at least Six Acres, thrown open by the same Woodman, but again inclosed.

By young Prior, North of that Place, an Inclosure of Six Acres, with a Barn thereon, thrown open by the same V7oodman, but again inclosed.

By one Antram, at King's Meads, Two entire new Inclosures of about Ten Acres, thrown open by the same Woodman, but again inclosed.

By one Mullins, at Wood End, an entire new Inclosure of about Two Acres, with a Cottage, thrown open, but inclosed again.

And by old Budden, One Acre nearly adjoining the last, thrown open, but inclosed again.

It is proper to observe here, that most of these Inclosures are made where there is some very thriving Trees belonging to the Crown; and that there are very few of these Inclosures without Timber therein the Property of the Crown; that every Remonstrance has been made, and Notice given, by the Officers of the Forest, to prevent these Inclosures, in vain; and that unless a Prosecution by Information, or some legal Step, be soon taken, the greater Part of the Forest will in a few Years be inclosed.

By means of these Examples permitted in the King’s Liberty, many Incroachments are made within the private Purlieus of the Forest, to the great Detriment of the Vert and Venison, as well as the Forest Rights, particularly in the Purlieus of the Bishop of Winchester, where, of late Years, it has become a constant Practice for the Stewards of the Bishop’s Court (who hold their Places by Patent) to grant new Copies of new Inclosures, taking a Fine, and reserving a Rent, altho’ a Remonstrance has been sent to the Bishop’s Steward by me for so doing.

Also

A

5° yunii.

1043

Also in the Duke of Portland’s Liberty, where a new the Number of Deer by him killed within his Walk is Thirteenth Report Brick Kiln has been lately built, and a large Tract of Seven Brace Yearly on an Average. That no Venjson the Land

Ground inclosed, and in a State of Cultivation, altho’ a Remonstrance has been sent by me to the Duke’s Steward.

In the Bishop's Liberty about Two Years ago, an Attempt was made to inclose near One hundred Acres of the best Part of the Forest, but was opposed by the Freeholders, from its Magnitude; nevertheless, the

is sent from the said Walk to His Majesty’s Larder, no Warrants having been received from thence since this Examinant has been Keeper. That there are Two Incroachments upon the King’s Lands within his Walk, One of which, now in the Occupation of James consists of an antient Cottage, and near Three Acres of Land; the Cottage has been built perhaps Eighty or Persons who made the Attempt give it out they will an Hundred Years; the said James Sparshot has from make a Second Attempt, and apply to the Bishop’s Time to Time taken in more Land, and about Half an Steward for Copies. Acre since the Examinant has been Keeper, the Fence

In Lord Power scour I s Liberty, a new Inclosure was of which he has often thrown down: The other In-made about Four Years ago of near Twenty Acres, croachment is in the Occupation of John Sparshot, notwithstanding a Remonstrance from the Warden him- Brother to the said James Sparshot, and consists of an self to the late Lord, and which is yet persisted in ancient Cottage, built many Years since, with about

Some Inclosures have also taken Place in Mr. Gar~ Four Acres and an Half of Land, a small Part of which nier's Liberty within the Forest. appeared to have been taken in a short Time before the

Great Nuisances also are committed within the King’s Appointment of this Examinant, who has often thrown

Liberty, to the great Detriment of the Growth of Timber therein, by all the neighbouring Farmers, and Persons who thus inclose Land, who are constantly cutting Bushes therein for Fences, for Fuel, and even for Sale; and also by burning the Turf, and carrying away the Ashes upon their new-inclosed Land, and also selling same ~

down the Fence. Both those Incroachments are good Meadow Land, and the Occupiers of them keep Cows, which lie in the Forest all the Year, being fed in the Winter with Hay got from the Lands inclosed. Tha there are Nine Divisions, called Purlieus, within the East Walk, a List of which is hereto annexed. That

by which last Nuisance, the best of the Pasture he cannot ascertain the Quantity of Land in each Pur-in many Parts of the Forest is totally destroyed; and lieu, but the Whole is about Six Miles long and Three so great is the Evil become of late, that several Purlieus Miles broad, containing in all about Eighteen Square

in the Forest are entirely bare, tho’ every Attempt in the Power of the Sub-Foresters to prevent same has been used.

Lincoln’s Inn, May 30th, 1789.

(Signed)

Wm Strong, Steward of the Swainmote Court of said Forest.

Miles, or 11,520 Acres, of which about One Third Part are inclosed Lands, the greatest Part of which belong to Mr. Of the other Two Thirds about

1,000 Acres are Open Plains, and tolerably good Land; except Creech Plain, which is a black sandy Soil, the rest is moderately covered with Timber. The Parts belonging to Mr. Thistlethwayte are well taken Care of, no Bushes being suffered to be cut. In the other Parts of the open Forest the Bushes are so much cut that the Cover is almost entirely destroyed, and no more young Timber can come up there. That the Underwood in the inclosed Coppices is cut at about Ten Years Growth, and sells for about Five Pounds per Acre, One with another. He cannot estimate such Land at less than Twelve Shillings per Acre Yearly, including the Value of the Growth of Timber. That there have not been many Inclosures from the Open Parts of the Pur-This Examinant saith, That he was appointed Under lieus, by Incroachment or otherwise, since he has been Keeper of the East Walk in Bere Forest, by Robert Keeper; but there are many of an older Date within Thistlethwayte, Esquire, by Deputation, dated the Twen- the Bishop of Winchester’s Purlieu, amounting to near tieth Day of February One thousand Seven hundred 500 Acres, for which the Occupiers pay Quit Rents to

N° 4.

The Examination of Robert Under Keeper

of the East Walk in the Forest of Bere, in the County of Southampton; taken on Oath, the 10th Day of December, 1791.

and Eighty-three, during his Pleasure. That the Duty of his Office is to preserve the Deer, and Vert, Wood and Timber, and other Rights of the Crown there. That his Salary is Thirty Pounds a Year, which is paid by the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods; but that he receives clear Twenty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings only. That he receives a Fee of One Guinea for each Buck killed in his Walk, which, with the Offals and Skins, he reckons to produce about Twenty-five Pounds Yearly. That there are Two Lodges belonging to the East Walk, (viz.) Creech Lodge, within the King’s Purlieu, with about Eighteen Acres of cleared Land, worth about Seven Shillings an Acre, which are occupied by himself, and are worth together about Twenty

the Bishop; and he has heard that they are granted by Copy of Court Roll of the Bishop’s Manor of That the Deer have the entire Range over all the Lands within the Regard, whether inclosed or not; but the Keepers never pull down any Fences that exclude the Deer. That the Deer do much Damage to the Farmers by breaking into the Corn Fields. The Lands bordering on the Forest are of less Value on that Account; and in those Parts where the Deer haunt they are let at One Third less than the real Value. That the several Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, which turn their Cattle into the said Forest are Soberton, Part of East Main, Hambledon, Catherington, Cla Farlingten, Portsea

Island, Whimenng, Widley, Portchesier, Southwick,

Pounds per Annum, and the other Lodge, called Bull's Wickham, Titchfield, and Fareham. The Pa-

Lodge, with about Two Acres of Land, situate in Lord rish of Blendworth turns out on Blendzoorth Common; Stazvell's Purlieu, occupied by Richard Garnet, an As- and , Edsworth, and Bedhampton Parishes turn

sistant to the Keeper. That he reckons the whole Value of his Office in Salary, Fees, Land, and other Advantages, to be about Eighty Pounds per Annum, out of which he pays the Wages of his Assistant, who is occasionally employed in other Business for him; but he

out on Havant Thicket, from whence the Cattle come into the Forest, which adjoins to the said Common and Thicket, but whether all the said Places have Right of Common on the Forest this Examinant does not know. That the kinds of Cattle admitted to depasture in the

makes no other Disbursement, except some small Re- Forest are Horses, Cow Kind, and Swine ringed; but pairs to his Lodge. That there are about Two hundred Sheep are excluded. That the Cattle are admitted into Head of Deer within his Walk, which is nearly double the Forest at all Times of the Year, and taken out only the Stock he found there on his Appointment. That when the Owners think fit. The Forest has not been Vot. 47. 12 K driven

A. 1792.

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

driven or cleared since he has been Keeper. That all Part* of the Soil of the East Walk are well adapted for the Growth of Oak, except Great Creech where Fir and Beech would grow. The Land is in general a deep Loam, with a Clay Bottom, and Oak Timber would certainly grow there to a Size fit for

Naval Uses in a Hundred Years; and this Examinant is of Opinion that the Forest, being so near to Portsmouth Dock Yard, it would be more profitable to employ it in the Cultivation of Timber than in any other Way.

Rob* Sharp.

LIST of those who are entitled to Deer, from the East Walk of the Forest of Bere.

His Majesty ——

The Chief Justice in Eyre -

Robert Thistlethwayte, Esq. Warden -

The Bishop of Winchester -

Jervoise Clarke Jervoise, Esq. -William Taylor, Esq.

Samuel Leeke, Esq.

Thomas Tucker,. Esq.

Lord Stawell ——

Thomas Missing, Esq.

Sir Thomas Miller, Bart. -

Thomas Smith, Esq.

John Robinson, Esq. Surveyor General of His[ Majesty’s Forests, &c. -J

William Strong, Esq., Steward -George Gamier, Esq., Master Keeper

Without Stint.

Without Stint.

One Buck for his Purlieu.

One D# - - D°.

Two D* - - D\

T Ty>/°ne D*-w0 [One D° as Ranger from either Walk, rp T..fOne for his Purlieu.

w0 [One as Yerderqr.

One D" for his Purlieu.

One D* - - D®.

One D° as Yerderor.

One D° - - D\

One D* from either Walk.

One D°.

One D\

Rob' Sharpe.

A LIST of the Divisions, called Purlieus, in the East Walk of the Forest of Bere.

The King’s Purlieu Robert Thistlethwayte, Esq.

The Lord Bishop of Winchester Jervoise Clarke Jervoise, Esq. William Taylor, Esq.

Samuel Leake, Esq.

Thomas Tucker, Esq.

Lord Staxvell -

One.

One.

One.

One.

Two.

One.

One.

One.

Rob< Sharp.

N* 5.

The Examination of Thomas Cole, Under Keeper of the West Walk in the Forest of Bere, in the County of Southampton; taken on Oath, the 10th Day of December 1791.

This Examinant saith, That he was appointed Under Keeper of the West Walk in Bere Forest by Robert Thistlethwayte, Esquire, by Deputation, dated the Fourth Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, during his Pleasure. That the Duty of his Office is to take Care of the Deer, the Yert, and the Timber. That his Salary is Twenty Pounds a Year, which is paid by the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, deducting the reout Twenty Shillings for Poundage. That his Fees and Perquisites are One Guinea for each Buck killed within his Walk, and the Skins and Offals of the Deer; and he cuts Furze for Sale upon the open Parts of the King’s Purlieu, by which he makes from Forty to Fifty Shillings a Year, which are now the Whole of his Emoluments as Keeper. That there is within the Lands called the King’s Purlieu, in the said Walk, a Lodge, with Coach House and Stables, for the Master Keeper (now Henry Bathurst, Esquire) and a Lodge for the Under Keeper; also about Twenty-eight Acres of Arable Land, and Seven Acres of Meadow Ground, inclosed with Fences to exclude

the Deer, and a Piece of rough Pasture Ground behind the Lodge, containing about Sixty Acres, called. The Rails, inclosed with a Post and single Rail Fence to keep out the Cattle, which Land was always used for browsing the Deer till within Four or Five Years past, but not since, being possessed by the Master Keeper, and led by his Cattle. That the Whole of those Lands were formerly occupied by the Under Keepers of the said Walk, and by this Examinant for about Eight Years after his Appointment, and until the Appointment of the present Master Keeper, who now occupies the Whole himself. That a Servant of the Master Keeper now lives in the Under Keeper’s Lodge, and this Examinant lives at Southwick House, belonging to Mr. Thistlethwayte, to whom he. is Park Keeper. That before the Appointment of the present Master Keeper, he had Two Men at the Lodge to take care of the Walk, but there is not now any Person kept there for that Purpose, other than the Master Keeper’s Servant. This Examinant himself goes into the Walk sometimes Once a Week, and sometimes Three or Four Times a Week. That the Master Keeper cuts Brushwood for his own Use on the King’s Lands, and this Examinant used to cut Wood for Fuel there during the Timehe lived in the Under Keeper’s Lodge, but not since. That the Stock of Deer in the said Walk, about Ten Years ago, consisted of about One hundred Head of Fallow Deer, but there are now not more than Fifty Head, as nearly as he can compute, the Stock being continually reduced by Deer Stealers

and

1

1045

and Poachers, which are very numerous round the Forest That the greatest Number of Deer he has ever killed in One Year, within his Walk, was Four Brace of Bucks, but that for Two or Three Years past he has not killed more than One Brace and an Half, or Two Brace, Yearly, upon an Average, which are generally served to such of the Persons entitled to Deer from the said Walk (and whose Names are particularly mentioned in a List hereto annexed, marked A.) as first send their Warrants to be executed. That no Venison has been sent from the said Walk to His Majesty’s Larder, no Warrants having been received from thence since this Examinant has been Keeper of the Walk. That the Deer were constantly browsed with Holly, Ivy, and the Tops of Thorn Bushes, when the Season required it, during the Time this Examinant lived in the Under Keeper’s Lodge, and for One Year afterwards, but not since. No Hay or Corn is purchased for the Deer. That there have been several Cottages erected, and many Incroachments made, on His Majesty’s Lands within the said Walk, since this Examinant has been Keeper of the said Walk, of which he has given the best Account he is able in the Paper hereto annexed, marked B. That the Occupiers of the said Incroachments cut Bushes for the fencing of the Lands they take in, and also for Fuel, and they keep Cows and young Cattle, which lie in the Forest all the Year, and do great Mischief to the young Timber. And the Keepers have great Difficulty in getting Offenders punished, the Justices of the Peace being unwilling to act in Matters regarding the Forest, which they say should be regulated by the Forest Laws. That there are Nine Divisions, called Purlieus, within the West Walk, of which this Examinant has given the best Account he can in the Paper hereto annexed, marked C. That at least Three Fourth Parts of the whole Walk is very fit for the Produce of Oak Timber, which grows as fast in the Forest as he has ever seen Timber grow in any Land whatever. That the Deer have a Bight to feed on all the open Lands in the Purlieus, and they often get into the Meadows and Com Fields, and do great Mischief to the Farmers, it being almost impossible to keep them out after they have tasted the Corn, particularly Wheat,

in which they lie. very much during the Winter, and Thirteenth Report also after the Corn is in Ear. That the Owners of the Revenue8"6 Lands have not a Right to kill them within the Re- xtvenue~ , gard of the Forest, or to prevent the Keepers from driving them back. That the several Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, which turn their Cattle into the said Forest, are Soberton, Part of EastmHambledon, Catherington, Clanvel, Farting loti, Port sea Island,

mering, Widley, Porchester, Southwick, Burhunt,

ham, Titchfield, and Fareham. The Parish of Blend-

uorth turns out on Blendicorth Common; and Havant,

Edsrvorth, and Bcdhampton Parishes, turn out on Havant Thicket, from whence the- Cattle come into the Forest, which adjoins to the said Common and Thicket; but whether all the said Places have Right of Common on the Forest this Examinant does not know.

That the Kinds of Cattle admitted to depasture in the,

Forest, are Horses, Cow Kind, and Swine ringed; but Sheep are excluded. That the Cattle are admitted into the Forest at all Times of the Year, and taken out only when the Owners think fit. The Forest has not been driven since he has been Keeper, and there is no Forest Pound at present within his Walk. There was a Fall of Timber made in the King’s Lands in this Forest, in the Spring of the Year next alter his Appointment, for the Purpose of re-building Creech Lodge, and repairing Bull's Lodge, in the East Walk, and repairing the Lodges in the West Walk; Part of the Timber was felled in the West Walk, and some few of the Trees were of large Size, but the greatest Number were small Trees. There has not been any other Fall of Timber since he has been in the Forest.

The Distance from Portsmouth to Creech Lodge is about Eight Miles, and to the Wrest Lodge about Ten Miles, and the Expence of Carriage of Timber by Land is about Six or Seven Shillings per Load,

There is a W harf for shipping Timber at Paul s Grove, about Five Miles from Creech Lodge, and about Seven Miles from the Wrest Lodge; but whether the Expence of Carriage in that W ay w'ould be less than by Land Carriage, this Examinant does not exactly know.

Thomas Cole.

A.

LIST of those who are entitled to Deer from the West Walk of the Forest of Bere.

His Majesty ..... Robert Thistlethwayte, Esq. Warden

George Gamier, Esq.

Earl Pozccrscourt -

Bishop of Winchester -

Governor Hornby r - -

Winchester College - -

Humphry Minchin, Esq.

Earl of Portsmouth Somuel Leeke, Esq.

William Strong, Esq. Steward The Master Keeper for the Time being ----- ----- --Amy at t, Esq.

Without Stint.

Without Stint.

One Buck for his Purlieu. One D* - - D°

One D* - - D°

One D° - - D*

Two D°/^ne

(One as Composition Deer.

One

One

One

One

One

One

D"

D"

D°

D°

D*

D°,

for his Purlieu - - D°

as Ranger out of either Walk Composition for an Estate adjoining to

the Forest, but out of the Regard.

Thomas Cole.

Vo l. 47.

A. 1792.

5° yunii.

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

B.

LIST of Incroachments upon the King’s Lands, within the West Walk of the Forest of Bere.

Present Occupiers. Lands incroached. By whom.

William Pescott About Two Acres on the North Side of Blakesnest. First taken in about Eleven or Twelve Years ago, by one William Earns; several Times thrown open by the Keeper, and Mr. Briant, the Deputy Surveyor, but taken in again, and now inclosed by a Bank with Bushes on it, but no Hedge; sold about a Year ago to Mr. Barf or d, of Place, near TJroxford.

Bower, Widow About Half an Acre near Iron Mill Hill. Began to be taken in about Nine or Ten Years ago, by William Bower, now deceased, enlarged at different Times, and often thrown open, but re-inclosed.

— Privett, Widow Three Pieces of Land, containing about One Acre, near the Way from Wickham to Soberton. Part taken in before the Examinant knew the Forest, the Residue by James Privett, lately deceased, at different Times since this Examinant was Keeper; the Parts inclosed within his Memory are fenced with loose Bushes only.

William Lacy A Cottage and a Garden next the River, bounding the King’s Purlieu. The Cottage built about Ten Years ago, and the Garden taken in at the same Time, often thrown open.

Henry Budden A House called Chip Hall, and Malt House, and about Seven Acres of Land, next King’s Meadows. The Buildings erected, and greatest Part of the Land inclosed, before the Examinant knew the Forest; several small Pieces have been taken in at different Times within the Memory of this Examinant, which have been often thrown open; some Parts are still open, and only about Half an Acre of the new Incroachments now remains inclosed.

Jams Luffman A House, and about an Acre, next the King’s Meadows. The House built, and Part of the Land inclosed, by John Prior, Junior, about Five or Six Years before this Examinant came to the Forest; enlarged at different Times to about Five Acres, but often thrown open, and only about One Acre now inclosed with a small dead Hedge; no Ditch.

Prior, Widow, and another Person, Two Cottages, and Two small Pieces of Land, near the lower End of Blakesnest Gully. One Cottage built, and about Half an Acre inclosed, about Ten or Eleven Years ago, by John Prior, Senior, now deceased, and afterwards sold; and about Five Years ago the said John Prior built another Cottage, and took in near Half an Acre more, which is now occupied by his Widow, and has been repeatedly thrown open.

— Luffman Two Cottages, and about a Rood of Land, at the lower End of Stoney Lake. One of the Cottages built about Seven Years ago, by one Gray, afterwards partly pulled down, and the Land thrown open, but taken in again, and sold to Luffman, who built another Cottage adjoining, in which his Father now lives.

---- Ford

39t Geo. III.

5® yunii.

1047

Present Occupiers. Lands incroached. By whom.

— Ford A House, and Four or Five Acres of Land, near King’s Meadows House. The House built by one and Part of the Land inclosed, Two or Three Years before the Examinant came to the Forest (the House was then hardly finished); more Land was taken in at different Times, which has been often thrown open, but taken in again; sold about Ten or Eleven Years ago to one Simon Antrim.

Late - - Dav*s Two other Pieces of Land near the last. Taken in about Eight or Nine Years ago by Simon Antrim, and since thrown open Seven or Eight Times, and now remaining open.

Earl of Portsmouth A Piece of Ground about Four or Five Acres, next Mislingford. Formerly occupied by one Watts, Under Keeper of the West Walk, who sold it. It was afterwards purchased by Lord Clanricard, who began to build a House upon it, but afterwards took away the Materials. The Land since purchased by Lord Portsmouth, and now let with the King'3 Meadows. The Inclosure has not been enlarged since this Examinant has been Keeper.

William Budden A House, and about Five Acres of Land, at Wood End. The House very old, and Part of the Land taken in many Years ago; about Half an Acre has been added since the Examinant was Keeper, which has been many Times thrown open, but is still inclosed.

Captain Knight A House, and about Six Acres of Land, called Wood End. Formerly held by one Smith, of Wickham who sold it to Edward Hunt, who about Ten Years ago took in about Two Acres more, and afterwards sold it to one Joseph Mullens, who about Three Years ago sold the same to Captain Knight, who has enlarged the House, and cut a Road to it through the Forest In the course of last Year, when Mr. Briant came to the Forest in order to throw open all the Incroachments, he was proceeding to throw down Captain Knight’s Fence with the rest, but Captain Knight informed him that he had sent a Memorial to the Treasury concerning his House and Land, and requested be M ould desist till he should receive further Orders.

Henry Mathews A Cottage, and an Acre and a Half of Land, near Wood End. Taken in about Eleven Years ago by Henry Inge, who sold it to one Joseph Mullens. It has been often thrown open, but fenced in again with Bushes. No Ditch or Bank.

Thomas Cok.

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

V()L. 47.

12 L

1048

5° ymii’.

a. im

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

c.

A List of the Divisions called Purlieus, within the West Walk of the Forest of Bere.

wmmm, mpmm - Purlieus. . 0 Parts inclosed. Parts uninclosed.

The King’s Purlieu: The Master Keeper’s Lodge, and Inclosures adjoining, containing about One hundred Acres, and about Forty Acres of incroachments. About Five hundred Acres, the greatest Part covered with Bushes, and a great deal of young Timber, and some old Timber.

Lord Powersceurt’s Purlieu. A small Farm about Seven Acres, and an Inclosure of about Fourteen Acres, made about Four Years ago, and Part of it planted with Fir Trees. About Three hundred Acres, some very large Oak Trees, and many young Trees planted several Years since, and many Bushes, but they have been lately very much cut by Wood Stealers.

Goy" Hornby's Purlieu. A Piece of Four Acres, inclosed about Five or Six Years ago, and about Two Acres, with a House built thereon, taken in about Two Years ago. About Two hundred Acres. Some young Timber, but not a great deal.

The Bishop of Winchester's Purlieu. Near One hundred Acres of Copy-hold Land inclosed. About Two hundred and Fifty Acres. Very little Timber.

Winchester College Purlieu. Two uninclosed Coppices, containing about Eighty Acres, full of large and fine Timber. About Forty or Fifty Acres; some small Timber on the open Parts.

Mr. Minchin'sPurlieu. A small Farm of Eight or Ten Acres. About Fifty Acres; no Woods, and very little Timber.

Lord Portsmouth's Purlieu. An ancient Cottage, and about Three Acres of Land, with a House, a Brick Kiln, and a Meadow of Seven or Eight Acres. About Two hundred Acres, some young Timber. The old Timber was cut down about Seven or Eight Years ago.

Mr. Gamier's Purlieu. Mr. Garnier's House, Gardens, Pleasure Ground and Farm, containing altogether Two or Three hundred Acres, several Cottages, and some small Inclosures, held with them, all within the Regard of the Forest. The Deer often get into the Pleasure Grounds. About Five hundred Acres, mostly Furze Land, and containing very little Timber, except in about Twenty Acres adjoining the King’s Purlieu.

Mr. Thistlethwayte's Purlieu. An ancient Cottage, called The Goat House, and about Three Acres of Land, several Farms; (viz.) Michel Land Farm, containing about One hundred Acres; Hale Farm, about Eighty Acres; Part of Prior’s Hold Farm, Sixty or Seventy Acres; and Four Coppices, about Sixty Acres, all belonging to Mr. This-tlethwayte. — Pound Farm, about Thirty or Forty Acres, belonging to Captain Manning. — Ashland’s Farm, about Twenty or Thirty Acres, belonging to Miss Eddowes — and Part of Walking Heath, all within the Regard of the Forest About Two hundred Acres, about One Third Part covered with Bushes and young Timber, and a small Part with Furze. The rest open Plains.

Thomas Cole.

5° Jun.

1049

N* 6.

Quinta pars Paten, de Anno Rni Regis Caroli, Octavo.

D. CON. sibi et heredity suis Witto Uvedale Mbit. (24.)

REX omibj ad quos &c. SALTM SCIATIS q*. nos ad humilem Peticoem ditci & fidet Servien nri Witti Uvedale Militia Thesaurar Camere nre ac p Servic nob p eundem Wittm fidet statito de Gra nra Spiati ac ex 9ta Sciencia & mero motu nfis dedimus & concessitnus eidem Witto heredib^ & Assign suis TOTUM Castrum nrm de Porchester ats Portchester in Com nfo Southt cum suis Juribj Membris & ptin uni9sis ac omia domos edific Structuf’ tuff’ turriculas curtilag’ areas vacua funda hort’ pomaf’ gardin’ & at hereditamen’ nfa infra Castrum pdict’ Ambit’ vel Pcinct’ ejusdem existefi’ seu ad Castrum itt ptiness’ ac aggeres & fossat’ Castri illius Ac eciam totam Viliam nrarn de Porcester ats Porchester in Com nfo Southt’ f>dict’ Ac ornia Messuagia burgagia cottagia domos Edific’ Structuf’ hort’ pomar’ gardin’ terr’ vac* fund’ revercoes reddit’ firm’ & Servic' tarn libor Tenenciu’ quam alior infra Viliam pdict’ vel ad eandem ptinen’ Ac omes & omimod’ Cur Vis’ franc’ pleg’ & at' Cur’ nras tarn de Reconlo quam non de Recordo infra Viliam pfdict tenend’ ac exit’ & pfic’ Curiaf’ illar ET ulterius Sciatis q* nos de ubiori Gra nra Spiati ac ex (?ta Sciencia & mero motu nris p nob’ heredibj & Successoribj nris Concessitnus eidem Witto Uvedale heredibj & Assignat’ suis Custodiam & Ballivat’ Foreste nre vocat’ South Beare , infra Com’ nrm

Southt’ domq Wittm Uvedale Heredes et Assignat’ suos ejusdem Forest’ Custodes & Ballivos in feodo ad deduct’ feraf’ et ornia alia agend’ tarn in viridi quam in venacoe infra forestam illam que ad Custodiam vel Ballivat’ Foreste ptinent p nob heredibj & Successor^ nris constituimis p prsentes DEDIMUS eciam & concessitnus ac p Psentes p nob heredib-j et Successorib3 nris Damus & concedimus pfato Witto Uvedale heredib3 et Assignat’ suis Omes Aulas Camer’ Cellar’ Sollar lntroit’ Exit’ Vias Semit’ Easiarnen’ Fruct Aquas Aquar’ Curs’ Cattatt Waviat’ Extrahuf’ Iteleia Heriet’ ac omia alia regalitat’ & casualitat’ libtat’ privileg* pfic’ & Comoditat’ ad Prmiss’ pfineri*, aut cum eisdem antehac habit’ dimiss’ usitat’ vel gavis’ EXCEPT’ omib3 feod Milit & Advocacon’ Ecctiar’ Vicariaf’ Capellaf’ Hospital' & alior’ Beneficior Ecclicof’ ad Castrum sive Viliam pdict’ ptinen’ HABENIT TENEND’ et GAUD END’ pdict’ Casts’ Vitt’ & Custod’ Foreste pdict’ ac ceVa omia & singula pmissa supius p Psentes pconcess' aut menconat’ fore concess' cum eof' Jur’ Membris Sc ptin' univsis pfat* Wittd Uvedale Militi Heredib3 Sc Assignat’ suis ad Solum Sc ppriu’ Opus Sc Usum ipius Witti Heredum & Assignat’ suor* imppm TENEND’ de nob’ heredib3 & Successor^ nris pdict’ Cast?’ Vitt’ & ceter’ omia & singta pmiss’ supius ppsentes pconcess’ cum eor’ ptin’ de nob’ heredib3 & Successor^ nris ut de Manerio nfo de Eastgreemvich in Coni nfo Kane’ pfidelitatem tantum in libo & coi Soccagio & non in Capite nec p Servic Militaf’ AC REDDENDO anuatim nob’ heredib3 & Successorib3 nris p pdict’ Cast? Vitt & Pmiss’ cum suis ptin’ tresdecim Libs’ sex Solid’ Sc ’ octo denar’ ad recept’ Sccij nri heredum & Successor nfor’ apud Westfii’ ad Festa Sci Micftis Arcfti & Anunciacois Be Marie Virginis p equales porcoes singulis Annis solvend’ ET si contiiigat pdict’ anual’ reddit’ ppsentes reservat’ vel aliquam inde parcett’ aretro lore non solut’ in parte vel in toto p spaciu’ quadragint’ Dier’ post aliquod Festum Festor’ pdict’ ad qa vel ad que ut pfertur solvi debeat quod tunc it tocies pdict’ Witts Uvedale Heredes it Assign’ sui forislacient ac Solvent nob* heredib3 & Sue* Vo l. 47.

cessorib3, nris quinquagint tres solid’ & quatuor Thirteenth Report denar’ legalis rnonete Anglie NoTe Pene ultra pdiot’ ou the Land anuat’ reddit’ p quott mense extunc px’ sequen’ in Rovenue-quo vel in quib3 pdict’ anuat reddit’ seu aliqua inde parcella aretro fuer’ & insohit’ modo et forma Pdict QUODQ extunc & ab inde de tempore in tempus bene liceat & licebit nob’ heredib3 & Successorib3 nris p Vicecom’ aut Receptor’ gehJat nrm heredum et Successor’ nror’ d?i Com’ Southt’ p tempore existen’ aut p at pticular’ Receptor’ pmissSP p tempore existen’ ut pfertur vel deputat suos aut eor’ aliquem vel aliquos p tempore existen’ aut at’ in pdict’ pmiss’ aut aliquam inde partem sive parcellam intrare Sc distringere & Districcoes ibm invent’ seu inveniend’ cape & retinere quousque nos heredes &

Successors nri de pdict’ reddit’ unacum arrerag inde si que faint plenar’ satisfact’ & solut, erimus aliquo in psentil>3 in contrar non obstan’ ET prdcus Witts Uvedale Heredes et Assign’ sui de ceto imppm tof Forestarios subforestarios subcustodes et Garciones tarn equites quam pedites ad Custodiam Foreste pdic’ & Venacois & Viridis ejusdem de tempore in tempus sumptib3 suis pprijs & Expensis custodient in eRdem deservituros, quot antehac infra Forestam illam consuev^it existere vel custodiri & talia & tant’

Vad’ Feod’ Sc Solaria Sc Regard’ eis & cuitt eor’ hSri solvi & allocari faciant qualia Sc quanta Forestarijs subforestarijs sucustodib3 et Gubnacoib? hmoi infra Forestam illam solvi Sc allocari consuevlt. AC nos heredes & Successors nros de omib3 feodis stipendijs vadijs & Salarijs eisdem vel eor alicui solvend’ seu Pstand’ indempnes conservabunt imppm DCUSQ Witts Uvedale Heredes & Assign sui Custod ejusdem Forest omes domos tuguriola casas & logeas nfas infra Forest pdict jam construct’ de tempore in tempus custodient repabunt & emendabunt decenter in omib3 Sumptib3 eof’ pprijs et expens’ Ad quos’ repacoem licebit eidem Witto Uvedale heredity &

Assignat’ suis Maerem’ competens & sufficiens p Visum Viridar’ foreste illius cape in eadem l'oresta ET ULTERIUS VOLUMUS ac p psentes de Ubiori Gra nra spiali ac ex (?ta Sciencia & mero motu nris p nob’ heredib3 Sc Successorib3 nfis concedimus ptiat’ Witto Uvedale Heredib3 & Assignat’ suis QUOD nos Heredes & Successores ni:e de ceto imppm anuatim Sc de tempore in tempus acquietabi-mus exontabimus et indempu’ conservabimus tarn pfat’ Wittm Uvedale Heredes & Assignat’ suos quam pdict Casts’ Viliam & Pmiss’ supius p psentes Pconcess’ & quamtt inde parcellam cum eof ptin’ uni9sis 9sus nos heredes & Successores nfos de & ab omib3 Sc omimod’ corrod’ reddit’ Servic’ anuitat’ pencon’ pofeon’ & denaf’ Sumis et Ones* quibuscunq’ de pmiss’ seu de aliqua inde parcella nob' beredib3 vel Successorib3 nfis exeun’ seu Solvend’ vel sup inde 9sus nos heretics seu Successores nfos 01/at' seu oSand’ PRETERQUAM de pdict’ reddit’ feod’

Servic’ Sc tenur’ supius p pmissis in hijs psentib? reservat’ Scdni 9am intenebetn Psenciu’ Solvend’ AC pterquam de dimission’ & Concession’ de pmiss’ aut aliquo pmissof’ antehac fact’ vel concess’ ac convention’ A oner’ que aliquis Firmar’ sive' aliqui Firmarij Bmissof’ rone aliquaf’ Indentuf’ Sc dimission’ suaf’ face & exon?are tenetur seu tenentur AC’ pterquam de Convencon’ supius in hijs psentil>3 fact’ Sc p pfat’ Wittm Uvedale Heredes & Assign’ suos pstand’ & pformand’ QUARE VOLUMUS ac p psentes p nob’ heredib3 Sc Successor^ nfis in-jungend’ pcipimus tarn Thesaurar’ Cancellar’ et Baron’

Sccij nfi heredum & Successor’ nror’ p tempore existen’ quam omib3 & singulis Auditor^ Receptor’

& alijs Official Sc Ministris nfis heredum Sc Successor nfor’ quibuscunq p tempore existen’ q11 ipi & eor’ quilt sup’ solam Demonstracoem har’ Lrar nrar’

Patenciu’ vel Irrotulamen’ eafdem absq’ aliquo Bri sive Warrant’ a nob’ i)eredib3 Sc Successor^ nfis

quoquo-

1050 5° yunii. A. 1792.

Thirteenth Report quoquomodo impetrand’ seu © sequend’ plenam in- aliquo vel aliquib^ aut aliquem Stat’ talliat’ nob aut

on ti I and terrain debitamq allocacon’ & Exoffacoem manifestam alicui pgenitor vel antecessor’ nror antehac fact’ Aut

evenue‘ _, de" & ab omib3 & omimodis hmoi corrod’ feod’ aliqua Indentur sive anexacoe p fkharissimu’ nup’

reddit’ anuitat* pencon’ porcon’ denar’ Suin’ ac oSib^ Patretn nrm 13(5 Memorie aut aliquem aliu’ Progenitor' nob’ hered’ vel Successor^ nris sic ut P'fertur exeun’ vel antecessor’ nror’ nup’ Regum vel Regina?' Anglie

seu Solvend’ PRETERQUAM de Pdict’ reddit’ vel aliqua Convencoe AgreamenP vel concession

Servic’ tenur’ Convencon’ forisfcur’ & ce?is piniss’ eadem vel aliquant inde partem concnen’ antehac facs in hijs psentib^ reservat’ ac p Pfat’ Wittm Uvedale in Contra? pmissor’ in aliquo non obstan’ ET NON Heredes vel Assignat’ suos sic ut pfertur solvend’ et OBSTAN’ qd pdict’ Cast?’ sive Vitt’ vel eor’ al?um pformand’ pfat Witto Uvedale Heredib3 & Assignat’ de aliquo Dnico seu de antiqua possessione Corone suis facient & de tempore in tempus causabunt ET Anglie existant vel existat VOLUMUS eciam con-fte Lre nre Paten’ vel Irrotulamen’ eardein erunt stituimus & Ordinamus et pdcus Wilts Uvedale pse anuatim et de tempore in tempus tarn pdict’ The- heredity & assignat’ suis convenit nobis cum ac saura?’ Cancellar’ & Baron’ Sccij nri heredum et Sue- heredib3 et Successoribf nris QUOD si pdict Witts cessor’ nror’ quam Auditor’ & Receptor’ & at Officiar’ Heredes aut Assign’ sui non irrotulari causabunt vel & Ministris nris heredum et Successor nror’ qui- causabit has L?as nras Patentes coram Clico Pipe nre buscunq’ p tempore existen’ sufficiens Warrant’ & infra Spaciu’ sex Mensiu’ px post’ Dat’ {isenciu’ ExoSacio in hac parte ET ULTERIUS VOLUMUS QUOD tunc Deus Witts Heredes & Assignat’sui ac p (Rentes p nob’ heredib3 et Successoribus nris forisfacient & Solvent nob’ heredib3 et Successorihj concedimus pfat’ Witto Uvedale Heredib3 & Assignat’ n?is quadragint’ Solid’ legalis monete Anglie Note suis QUOD he Lre nre Paten’vel Irrotulamen’eardem Pene singulis sex Mensib3 quousq’ irrotula?’fuer’in erunt in omib? & p omia firme valide bone sufficien’ forma pdict’ levand’ & pcipiend’ ad usum nrm & effeuat’ in Lege erga & contra nos heredes & Sue- Heredum & Successor’ nror’ in tali modo & forma cessores nros tarn in omib3 Cur’ nris quam alibi infra put pdict’ forisfcur’ supius p psentes levari & pcipi Regnu nrm Anglie absq aliquib^ Confirmacoib3 limitantur. Aliquo in Psentib3 in contrariu’ non ob-Licencijs vel Toleracoib3 de nob’ heredib3 vel Sue- stan’ EO qd Expressa menco Sec. IN CUJUS REI cessorib3 n?is peurand’ aut obtinend’ NON OBSTAN’ &c. T. R. apud Westm’ ?cio decimo Die Junij. MALE noiand’ vel non noTand’ male recitand’ vel non recitand’ pdict Cast?’ Vitt’ et Pmiss’ supius p psentes pconcess’ aut menconat fore concess aut aliquam inde partem vel parcellam ET NON OBSTAN’ non inveniend’ aut male inveniend’ Offic’ sive Offic’ aut Inquisicoem sive Inquisicoes pmissor’ aut alicujus inde Parcett p questitulus nost’ invenire debuit ante Confeccon’ har’ Lrar’ Patenciu’ ET NON OBSTAN’ aliquo defect’ sive aliquib3 de-fectib3 in non recitand aut male recitand’ aliquam vel aliquas Dimissionem vel Concessionem Dimissiones vel Concessiones Donu’ vel Dona de piniss’ aut aliqua

inde parte vel parcella sive de aliquo pfic’ inde de __________

Recordo vel non de Recordo antehac fact’ ET NON from the Surveyor Seneral of Our Woods, bearing OBSTAN’ MALE noiand’ vel non recte noTand’ Date the 17th Day of November last past, which you, aliquam Viliam Hamelett’ Locii’ Parocft’ vel Comitat’ the Commissioners of Our Treasury, have laid before in quo vel in quib3 pmiss’ aut aliqua inde pars vel Us, That Our Forest of Beir, in Our County of parcella existunt vel existit ET NON OBSTAN’ Southampton, whereof Our Trusty and Well-beloved aliquo defect’ sive aliquib3 defectit)3 in male noiand’ Richard Norton, Esquire, is Warden, stands divided vel non noiand’ aliquem Teness’ Firmar’ sive Occu- into Two Bailiwicks or Walks, to each of which there pator’ pmissor’ aut alicujus inde parcelle ET NON belongs a Keeper; and that the said Keepers have OBSTAN’ aliqua Variacoe Discrepanc’ sive Differenc been antiently allowed a certain Proportion of Cord-in aliqua re ma?ia noie sive forma in? has Lras nras w°°d> by the Assignment of the Officers of Our said Patentes & aliquod particular’ sive supvision’ de 101 e'sb in lieu of Wages; (that is to say) So much Piniss’ seu de aliqua inde parcella antehac fact’ aut Cordwood to the Keeper of the Bailiwick or Walk, in? has Lras n?as Patentes & aliquas Lras Patentes ca *et* the East W alk, which is represented to be the de pmiss’ aut aliqua inde parcella ante-hac fact’ aut larSest of the Tw0 Walks> as was usually estimated to in? has Lras nras Patentes & aliquod Record’ vel am(\unt Thirty Pounds per Annum; and so much Recorda compotum vel compot’ pmiss’ pdict’ aut Oordwood to the Keeper of the Bailiwuck or Walk, aliquam inde parcett* quoquo modo tangen’ sive con. cae<A the Walk, as was usually estimated to

o r-'T' xTrkivT at)cta"xt* v a amount to twenty Pounds; but that by

r \ 0BSTAN- alT ffect !‘"e Mean, of the Scarcity or ir, ufficiency of the doj

altqutb, defecubj m non tnenconand vel non jecte and d d Trees ,he said outof„hi[h

ant male meneonand ver anuu _ Valor Bmtssor an the said Assignments were usually made, the mid Two abcuju, inde pareelKi aut ver anual reddit reservat K hav| had „0 A„0WIrJ for Three Yetre

de. "P Pmlss„. "‘.."'"i1?" '"de. pa/10 their great Dismuragement: And trhercasWe

spificat in aliquo particular supvjsion sive compo further > ,hat ,bere is a

antehac fact sive imposfum field de gmiss aut Quantity of8thrivi„g Timber within Our said FrSest,

eor aliquo vel aliquib3 ET NON OBSrAN Statut Preservation whereof, for the Services of the

in pliamefi’ Dni Hen? nup Regis Anglie Sexto An- Crown, will, in a great Measure, depend upon the

tecessoris nri Anno Regni sui Decimo Octavo fact & Care, Diligence, and Watchfulness of the said Two

edit’ ET NON OBSTAN’ Statut’in Parliament’ Dni Keepers: Now to the End the said Two Keepers may

Henr’ nup Regis Anglie Quarti Anno Regni sui primo be encouraged to maintain their respective Walks,

.fact’ ET NON OBSTAN’ aliquib? alijs defect^ and to perform their Duty in all Respects with Care,

in non noiand’ aut non recte noiand’ Natur’ Gener’ Diligence, and Circumspection, and in Consideration

Species Quantitat’ aut Qualitat’ pmissor’ aut alicujus of their quitting all Rights, Pretensions, and Demands

inde parcelle aut aliquem vel aliquos qui antehac for the future to the said antient Allowance of Corrf-

sue? sive suit sei"tus sive seFti de fimiss’ aut eor’ wood, and any Arrears thereof, We are graciously

p Bre de privato Sigillo &c.

This is a true Copy from the Original Record remaining in the Chapel of the Rolls, having been examined.

Hen. Rooke.

N# 7.

GEORGE R.

Whereas We are given to understand, by a Report

pleased to grant and allow to the said Two Keepers the respective Yearly Salaries or Allowances following; (that is to say) To the Keeper of the said Bailiwick or Walk, called the East Walk, the Salary or Allowance of Thirty Pounds per Annum; and to the Keeper of the said Bailiwick or Walk, called the West Walk, the Salary or Allowance of Twenty Pounds per Annum; and that the said respective Salaries or Allowances shall commence and be accounted payable to the said Two Keepers from M, which was in the Year 1719: Our Will and Pleasure therefore is, and We do hereby authorize and require you to issue your Warrant or Directions to the Surveyor General of the Woods, now and for the Time being, impowering him, by and oat of such Our Treasure or Revenue arisen or to arise by Woodsales out of any Our Forests, Parks, Chases, or Lands whatsoever, as shall from Time to Time be and remain in his Hands, to pay or cause to be paid unto the present Keepers of the said Two Walks the Sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds, for Three Years, on each of their said respective Salaries or Allowances, incurred from Michaelmas 1719 to Michaelmas last 1722: And you are by the said Warrant to charge and require Our said Surveyor General to pay the said respective Salaries and Allowances of Thirty Pounds and Twenty Pounds per Annum to the said respective Keepers, from Michaelmas 1722, by Quarterly Payments, as they shall from Time to Time become due and payable:

And We do further authorize and impower you, the Thirteenth Report

Commissioners of Our Treasury, in case Our said Sur- on the Lend

veyor shall not be enabled to pay the said Salaries 1R*veou*- y

and Allowances for want of Money in his Hands suf- "

ficient for that Purpose, to give Warrant to him from Time to Time to raise the same by the Felling and

Sale of dotard and decayed Trees, or any other Wood

or Timber, not being fit for the Service of Our Navy,

in any of Our Forests, Parks, or Chaces whatsoever,

where (upon the Representation of Our said Surveyor)

the same may, without Prejudice, be best had or spared:

And to the End the Officers of Our said Forest of Bier may know Our Pleasure herein, and that the further Allowance of Cordwood to the said Two Keepers, and all Arrears thereof, is, in Consideration of the said Salaries and Allowances to them respectively in Money, to be totally suppressed and extinguished, and no Assignments whatsoever to be made thereof by the said Officers for the future, We do order and appoint that this Our Warrant be entered into the Court Books of Our said Forest, and a Memorandum made thereof hereupon, and signed by the proper Officers, before Our said Surveyor do make any Payment to the said Two Keepers, or either of them, on their Salaries or Allowances hereby intended them respectively; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant Given at Our Court at St. James's, the 13th Day of December 1722, in the 9th Year of Our Reign.

To the Commissioners of Our Treasury now being, and to Our High Treasurer or Commissioners of Our Treasury for the Time being, and to all others herein concerned.

By His Majesty’s Command.

R. Walpole, Cha. Turner, Pelham.

Intratur in Rotulis Viridoru Forest# de Beire die Martijs iiij# die Junij, Anno Dni 1723,

p me, Jos. Bagster, Senescat ibm.

N° 8.

To y* R‘ Honow* ye Earle of Rochester, V high Trear of England.

My Lord,

I have sent this to acquaint yor Lop That his Ma,ie was lately pleased to visitt his Garison of Portsmouth, wch is under my Comand; and as Governour thereof I have in the same Pattent the title of Constable of Porckester Castle, to which there hath aunciently belonged a Forest called y* Forest of South-Beare; but some of the Borderers of y* said Forest have made Incroachments, and do now deny their Lands to be any Part of y* Forest; whereupon his Ma,ie, by whose Grant I claime the Lieutenancy of y* said Forest, hath

comanded me to assert his Right, and to take yor Lordship's Direccons for mainteyning his Authority there: And to that End I have sent this Bearer to wayte on yor Lop for a Writt of Perambulacon, there having been none sent into that Forest these many Yeares; or to receive what other Direccons you in yor Judgm* shall think most proper & necessary for y* speedy determining these Diffirences, and for y* settling the Metes & Bounds of y* s4 Forest. I am,

My Lord,

Titchfield, y« 6,h of Yor Lpi most humble Servant,

Septr 1086.

Gainesborough.

To the R* HonoM# Laurence Earle of , Ld high Trear of England.

May it please yor Lop,

I have advised with M" Attorney Generali upon the Lre of my Ld of Gainsburgh, hereunto annexed, delivered me by yor Lop, and he is of Opinion, suitable to y* Proviso in y* Statute in the 20,h Year of his late Ma"e King Charles y* Second, for setting out y* Metes and Boundaries of the Forest of Dean, to extend to such Parishes and Places only as were comonly used Vor. 47-

and taken to be within y* Perambulacon and Reguard of that Forest in y* 20,h Year of King James y* First, it may be necessary to have y* auncient Metes and Boundaries of this Forest of South-Beare asserted and known, and to bee don by a Comission granted to some neighbour Gentt & others not interested therein, whereby an Inquisicon may be found to express and set out y* certain Limitts thereof; which if your Lor

12 M shall

1052 5" fumi. a. im

Thirteenth Report shall approve, Direccon may be given from your Lof, others as yor Lo* shall think fit; which I humbly sub* on the Lend or to M' Attorney, to give Order for such a Comission, mit to yo' LoM Wisdom.

Revenue. ____ to be directed to the Persons hereunder named (which

' I have inserted by Advice of Mr Pocock) or such John Fisher, Dep‘r Surveyo*, 13 Noo. 1686.

S' Henry Tichborn, Bar*.

Henry Sling shy, Esqr, Deputy Govemo' of Portsmouth. Richard Carter, Esq', Govemo' of Southsea Castle

Charles Wells,

George Rodney Bridges,

Edw. Fleming,

Roger Barton,) Esq"

WmSwaine,

Richard Graham,

Aron P ingrey.

Samuel Corbet & William Pocock

Genti or any Three or more of them, returnable in Easter Terme next.

True Copies.

Wm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N* 9.

To the Right Honorable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

My Lords,

The Circumstances represented by Captain Knight and Mr. Antram, in their Memorials to your Lordships, appeared to me to call for a thorough Investigation; I therefore have endeavoured to make every possible Enquiry that I could on these Applications; and I beg Leave to state to your Lordships such Information as I have been able to collect, without incurring great Expence for the Examination, and searching old Records, which I thought not requisite, as I apprehend this Forest, so convenient for His Majesty’s Naval Yard at Portsmouth, and so extremely well adapted in many Parts of it to the Growth of fine Naval Timber, is now under the Consideration of the Parliamentary Commissioners of the Land Revenue, for their Report thereon to your Lordships and to Parliament.

The Forest of Bere was formerly of much more considerable Extent than at present.

On the 13th of April, in the 7th of Charles the First, his Majesty granted to Sir William the Office

of Constable of Porchester Castle, and Lieutenant of the Forest of South Bere during Pleasure; but I find no other Grant since made of the said Office, although such Office is now claimed and held by Mr. thwayte, who exercises all the Powers of the Lieutenancy of this Forest, holds the Courts of the Forest

that are held, though very irregularly, with a Ranger, Four Verderors, Twelve Regarders, Two Agistors, a Woodward, Two Master Keepers, and Two Under Keepers under him, who, in Right of their Office, enjoy Lodges, and Tracts of Ground annexed to such Lodges; and the Under Keepers have Salaries of 30/. and 201, per Annum from the Crown, paid by my Office.

On the 16th of December, in the 3d of James the Second, 1687, a Commission issued, directed to West, afterwards Lord Delaxc Charles Wells, Henry

Slingsby, and others, and Samuel Ely, or to any Three of them, whereof Samuel Ely to be One, to enquire into the Meets, Limits, and Bounds of His Majesty’s Forest of South, alias East Bere, alias Porchester Forest, in the County of Southampton, together with His Majesty’s own Demesne Lands therein contained; to which Commission the following Return was made, viz.

[Here follows, in the Original Report, a Copy of the Presentment, N° 2. p. 1038.]

The Two Walks are at present bounded in some Parts thereof by Bound Posts and Bound Stones, and in other Parts going by the uncertain Marks of Trees, which may or may not be left standing; and within the Limits of the Forest there are several Claims of private Property, called Purlieus.

In the West Walk there are the most Incroachments oc Purprestures, as will appear by the List of them hereafter inserted.

In the East Walk are only Two small Incroachments.

1

\i u

in

ifc

bos.

iiity

32 Geo. III.

5° Junii.

Incroachments in West Walk, Bare Forest.

Blakcnest (owned by William Inges, of Wi)which in the Year 1688 consisted of only Half an Acre of Land, but which now consists of Seven Acres Land inclosed by William Bower, Labourer, out of the Forest -

Land taken in by James Prrvett, Labourer ——

Land owned by Henry Butten, Fanner (late One Acre only, late Gregory's) and presented in 1688 and 1768, now ——

House and Land possessed by the said Henry Butten, the Land being about -Another D° D* D* ——

House and Land owned by William Lacy, Carpenter, the Land about -Cottage and Land possessed by Prior, Senior, the Land about -

House and Land possessed by Prior, Junior, the Land about -

House and Lands owned by Simon Aniram, of Sxcanmoor, near Bishop's Waltham, the Lands containing about -

Lands (formerly Two Acres, and possessed by Earl,) now increased out of the Forest by the Earl of Portsmouth to the Extent of Four Acres, and laid to the King’s Meads, of which he is Owner ....

House and Land owned by William Butten, Labourer, the Land being formerly only One Acre, but now extended to Five Acres ——

House and Seven Acres of Land (formerly One Acre only) owned by Joseph

lins, Gentleman ——

House and Land owned by the said Joseph Mullins, the Land being -

Incroachments made in East or Crutch Lodge Walk.

1053

Quantity of Land Incroached.

A. R. P*

7 Q —

1 2 —

2 A — —

4 4 2 —

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

(______' _______/

7 — —

4 — —

5 — —

7

1

2 —

Hi

s 3;

ki IE;

James Spershott, incroached by inclosing Land (on which is built an House) Joseph Spershott, D° ~

' 1

rv

V;

15

5, In

1766

1780

D*

Of the Incroachments so presented in 1688, Captain Knight's is One, at that Time held by a Person of the Name of William Barker, being then only a Cottage and One Acre of Land, although since it has been increased to Seven Acres; and it is reported to me that there is living Evidence of the said William Barker's having dwelt in the Cottage; and that the said William Barker being very poor, and in a bad State of Health, applied for Relief to the Parish of (to

which he belonged, and in which the Cottage stood) and that the Officers of that Parish ordered a Person of the Name of Ware to go and live with him, and take Care of him; that William Barker afterwards died, leaving Ware in Possession; that Ware keeping Possession of the Premises, as a Key-holding, sold them to a Person of the Name of Spershott, who sold them to one Smith; that Smith says, thinking his Title would. be questioned, he disposed of the Premises to one 1784- Hunt; and that Hunt, having made considerable Addition to the Inclosure, sold them to a Person of the 1787* Name of Mullins, of whom Captain Knight purchased. It cannot be ascertained when the Inclosure was made; but the Incroachment was, as above mentioned, presented at the Survey in 1688; and it was also included in the Proceedings at the Court for the Forest of Bere, held on the Twenty-sixth Day of September, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight; the Premises so claimed’ by the said Captain Knight being in the West Walk of the Forest of Bere, and it having been ordered at that Court that those who 6tood presented in the West Walk of the said Forest of Bere for their respective Inclosures not being thrown up, should be prosecuted, tho" no Mention was made of the Name or Names of any Person in such Order. In November One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one Robert Briant, Deputy to Mr. Pitt, my Predecessor, pulled down such Purpresture or Incroachment, which being again inclosed, Briant threw it out again in June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, and in the Month of September then following again pulled it down; and the Inclosure being V o l. 47.

A. R. P.

2 ——

3 — ~

again made, Briant, by my Directions, in Consequence of your Lordship’s Orders of the 4th of February 1788, and the Advice of His Majesty’s Attorney General, that " the most proper Mode of Proceeding would be " by pulling down the Inclosures completely; and if " any of them were again renewed, to file an Information of Intrusion against the First Incroacher who " so renews his Inclosure;" again pulled it down, for the Fourth Time, in the Month of October One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

I have also called upon Mr. Strong, who is Steward of the Swanimote Court of the Forest of Bere, and requested such Information as he could give me on this Subject; on which Mr. Strong transmitted to me Copies of the Presentments of 1688 and 1768, above stated to your Lordships; and I also received from him the following Account; viz.

" With respect to the Enquiry in the Extract you " inclosed me, all I know of this Inclosure is, that it " belonged to one Mullins, of whom Captain Knight " bought his Place, and is one of the inclosed Pieces " reported by me in May last to the Commissioners, " See. Land Revenue Office;" That previous to Captain Knight's Purchase, he (Mr. Strong) was consulted (through the Medium of a Friend) on the Title to the Estate which Captain Knight afterwards purchased; that he fully warned Captain Knight of the Incroachment, and that it would certainly be thrown up; that in Consequence thereof an Abatement was made in the Purchase, or some Compensation till confirmed; that if any one Inclosure is suffered to remain, the Whole will be inclosed again, and new Ones set on Foot; that Captain Knight's Servants were detected cutting young Heirs, when Mr. Strong was in the Country, in the Autumn; and that he had experienced so much for above Twenty Years past, that unless Informations are filed, and the Parties punished in that Way, the Evil will never be stopped, and the King’s Purlieu will soon be wholly inclosed, in every Part where it is worth the Expence, as the inferior Persons in the Forest will always follow the Example of their Superiors;

and

1054

5° Junii

A. 1792.

Thirteenth Report on the Land Revenue.

and that I should find in his Report to the Commis- Lordships, if you think fit to direct me to lay before sioners of the Land Revenue, dated 30th of May 1789, His Majesty’s Law Servants this Report, and all such the State of the said Forest; that every Person hav- other Information as I can obtain, and request them ing made Incroachments within the King’s Liberty to give their Opinion, for your Lordships Considers-is there set out, of which, if I should require it, he tion, whether it may be right for your Lordships to

would send me a Copy, tho it is long.

The Commissioners of the Land Revenue having received Information of these Incroachments, notified them to my Office; in Consequence of which the Steps above stated to your Lordships to have been

advise His Majesty to acquiesce in the several Incroachments made: or to proceed by informations of Intro-sion, or what other Steps it may be proper to take herein, not with a View to harass and oppress the Number of Persons who may be involved therein, but

taken were had in the Beginning of the Year 1788, in order to bring about with them some Regulations His Majesty’s Attorney General consulted, and the and Rules respecting the Forests, by Agreements to be Incroachments pulled down; and in November 1789, made with them, which happily may tend to prevent having received Advice that some of them were again the existing Abuses.

inclosed, I repeated the Orders for their being again levelled, as I have likewise lately done on having received Information that the Incroachments in the West Walk, Bere Forest, remained as before, except Captain Knight's and Mr. Ant ram a, which, on their Memorials, I have left to await your Lordships Orders.

Having stated so fully to your Lordships all the Circumstances relative to the Incroachments made in Bere Forest, it seems unnecessary for me to report to your

All which is humbly submitted.

4th November, 1790. John Robinson.

N° 10.

24th December, 1734.

My Lords,

Having received the inclosed Informations from the

Lordships more particularly respecting Mr. Antram's Keepers of his Majesty’s Forest of Bier, in Hampshire, Memorial, than that it falls under the same Circum- of Encroachments made, and Despoil committed, in stances, almost in every Respect, with Captain Knight's, his Majesty’s said Forest, I humbly lay the same before except that it has not been taken up above Seventy your Lordships, praying that your Lordships will be Years; consequently was not presented in the Survey pleased to give such Directions for the Offenders being Court held in 1688; but was included in the Present- prosecuted, as may not only punish them, but deter ment of 1768. — This Incroachment was first begun by others from attempting the like.

Thomas Morley, about Seventy Years ago, and from And I likewise take this Opportunity of desiring that Time to Time has been increased, by additional In- your Lordships will be pleased to repeat your Direc-croachments, to the Extent of about Seven Acres, tions, that the Informations which have by your Lord-which the Whole now contains. It has been as re- ships Orders been sent to Mr. particularly those

peatedly pulled down as Captain Knight's, and the relating to the Forest of Dean, may speedily and effec-Notoriety of its being taken from His Majesty’s Forest tually be prosecuted, because the Forbearance hitherto is evident, from the Presentments and the interrupted shewn in prosecuting Offenders has been a Sort of Possession, since 1768. Mr. Missing's Opinion, an- Licence to encourage many others to commit great nexed to Mr. Antram's Memorial, seems to relate only Despoil to his Majesty’s Timber in that Forest, which, to the Title to be made by the Persons selling to Mr. if a Stop cannot be put to, must entirely ruin that

Antrum, and takes no Notice whatsoever of the Tenements having been an Incroachment out of the Forest, although stated to him; therefore by no Means strengthens the Claim of Mr. Antram.

From this your Lordships will best judge whether any Indulgence can be granted to the Possessors of these Incroachments, in Consideration of the Length of Time they have been made; whether any partial

Forest, where there are at present large Quantities of very good Timber.

I am,

My Lords,

Your Lordships most obedient R* Honble. Lords faithfull Ser',

of the TrSary. Fra1. Whitworth.

In the Exchequer. Richard Watts, a Keeper of the West Walk in his

any

Distinctions can be made in respect to Captain Knight's and Mr. Antram's upon their Statement of their Cases; or whether your Lordships, if you should think Indul- Majesty’s Forrest of East Beare, in the County of gences proper to be granted, would extend them to the Southampton, maketh Oath, That William Ware, who Whole. lives in a Cottage within the said Forrest, within the

It is not the Pieces of Land which are so taken up Space of Six or Seven Yeares last past, hath at several that are valuable or material; but the Persons who Times encroached and enclosed several Parcells of the

make such Incroachments on the King’s Rights do it with a View to obtain Rights of Agistment and Common, and Rights of Turbary and Estovers therein; and they and their Families chiefly live out of the

Land belonging to his said Majestye’s Forrest, in a Place in the said West Walk, called The Old Coppice, whereon have been and now are several Trees of Oak: That several of which have been very much cut, lop-

Prefits of the Forests, and commit very great Depre- ped, and damaged by the said William Ware, and that

dations and Waste. Since I have had the Honor of my Appointment, I have given it strictly in Charge to the Officers of His Majesty’s Forest to pull down every Incroachment made therein, as soon as inclosed; and I have repeatedly pulled down many Incroachments that have been made; but as to all such as have been made several Years ago, I did not think myself authorized, without your Lordships particular Orders, to proceed to such Measures. The Commissioners of the Land Revenue have remarked, in the Reports they have made, this Evil; and as it continues, and has got to so great an Extent, and the Depredations and Abuses committed by the Cottagers who have made such Incroachments are so highly prejudicial to His

such Enclosures tend very much to the Damage of the Timber Trees and Vert growing and which should grow in the said Forrest; and also that the said William Ware hath erected an Outhouse on Part of the said Land so enclosed.

Richard Watts.

Sworn at Hambledon, in the County of Southton, the Tenth Day of De-

cember, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and/

Thirty-four, before me,

Edit/ Barton, a Commissioner.

In the Exchequer.

William Loaton, a Keeper of the East Walk in his Majesty’s Forest, I feel it my Duty to submit to your Majestye’s Forrest of East Beare, in the County of

-s Southton,

32 Geo. III. 5° Junii.

1055

South'ton, and Richard Watts, a Keeper of the West Walk, in the same Forest, severally make Oath, That Francis Atkins, now dwelling in the said East Walk, in or about the Month of February last past, builded a Cottage, and enclosed a considerable Quantity of Ground near thereunto, whereon are growing several Trees of Oak, which Enclosure is in the Middle of the said East Walk, and amongst the thickest and best Part of the Tymber Trees belonging to his said Majesty in the said Walk, and which Enclosure will be of great Damage

to the Vert and Tymber growing, and which should Thirteenth Report grow in that Part of the said Forest, if continued. °n the Land

W

Richard Watts.

Sworn at Hambledon, in the County a

of South'ton, the Tenth Day of I December, in the Year of our Lord \

One thousand Seven hundred and (

Thirty-four, before me.

Edit/ Barton, A Commissioner. J

N* n. A.

The Forest of 1 gg The Court of Pleas of the Forest of our Lord the King, called South, ats East Bere, afs South,?\s East > Bier, in the County of Southampton, called the Swanimote Court, holden at Creech

Bere, ats Bier. \ Lodge, within the Forest and County aforesaid, the 14th Day of September, in the 26th Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and in the Year of our Lord 175a, before the Verderors, Foresters, Regarders, and other Ministers of the Forest aforesaid, as followeth:

Warden, -Verderors,

Foresters,

Ranger, -Woodward, Steward, -

Sub Forester

Howard of the Howard of the Agistor of the Agistor of the

East Walk, West Walk, West Walk, East Walk,

Alexander Thistlethwayte, Esq.

{Norton Powlett, Ip n

Richard Champneys, J s<*

{Jonathan Rashleigh, Ip „ Norton Powelett, J S<*

Charles Morley, Esq.

Joseph Hinxman, Esq.

Rich4 Field, Gent. -fJohn Watts, sworn \George Ireland, sworn Peter Flexon William Collier Francis Nicholls Edward Newman -

- app3

- app4

- app4

- abs*

- abs*

- abs*

- app4

- appd

- app4

- apP4

- app4

Jurors for our Sovereign Lord the King.

John Clear Thomas Land Henry Callaway Roger Callaway WillmIvemy James Philips Richard Cluer

Which said Jurors being sworn and charged, present on their Oath, in the Words following; viz.

We , present, that the most effectual Way to put a Stop to the evil Practice of destroying the Vert, Venison, and Timber of this Forest, will be for the Verderors to apply to the Lord Chief Justice in Eyre, that the Offenders may be prosecuted for the same, and to apply for a Restraint.

We also present a Fee Buck and a Fee Doe as the Right of the Regarders of the said Forest.

We also present any Person or Persons who shall cut Fern within the Liberties of the Forest, from the First Day of May next to the 14th Day of September following, and that a Fine of 105. be put upon them for every Load so cut.

We also present any Person or Persons who shall pick or beat Acorns, and fine them 20^. for every Offence.

We also present a Pound at Missling Ford in the West Walk, and a Pound in the East Walk, wanting, and that it be built by the 25th March next.

We also present that all such Stone Horses, Mares, Fillies, and Foals, as are depastured within the said Forest, and are not sizable, and within the Meaning of the Statute in that Case made and provided, are Nuisances in general.

Vol. 47.

Sworn. Edward Hoar Francis Nicholls Henry Fleet John Lacy Edward Allen Thomas Callaway V /

J John Boan J

We also present any Person or Persons who shall depasture Sheep at any time hereafter in or upon the said Forest, and fine them 1 s. for every such Sheep.

We also present all and every such Person or Persons who shall at any Time or Times hereafter put or cause to be put into the said Forest any Hogs or Pigs, without their being first ringed, and fine them is. for every Hog, and 6 d.for every Pigg.

We also present all and every such Person or Persons, who (not having a just Right so to do) shall at any Time or Times hereafter put any Cattle, of any Kind or Sort whatsoever; and that all such Cattle ought, by driving the said Forest, be impounded, and the Owners thereof be prosecuted.

We also present all and every such Person or Persons who shall at any Time or Times hereafter dig or cause to be dug any Sand in or out of the Pit in the Road or Way leading from to the West

Lodge, any farther into the Way or Road, it being dangerous for Travellers, and fine all and every such Offenders 105. for every Load.

We also present all Persons that shall be found digging, or cause to be dug, any Sand in the Pit near Hop Garden Hill, in the East Walk across the Road, it being dangerous for Travellers, and fine them 105. for every Offence.

12 N We

1056

5° ytinii.

a. \m.

Thirteenth Report on the Laud Revenue.

We also present John Lacey, for an Incroachment in the West Walk of the said Forest.

We also present William Budden, for an Incroachment in the West Walk.

We also present Pryer, for an Incroachment in the West Walk.

We also present William Gate, Junior, James Ford, Sen', and William Willcing, for their several Incroachments in the West Walk.

Sworn.

We also present Peter Flexon, to be Howard of the

Swom.

East Walk, and John Churcher, to be Howard of the West Walk, for the Year ensuing.

Sworn.

We also present William Ivemy, to be Agistor of the

Sworn.

East Walk, and Francis Nicholls to be Agistor of the West Walk of the said Forest for the Year ensuing.

Whereas a Warrant was produced, signed by Thomas Bonham Smyth, Keeper of Chace, directed to the Keeper of the East Walk of the said Forest, to

kili him a Fee Buck, as Keeper of the said Chace; - — and whereas no such Keeper is known to the Ver-derors, &c. nor no Inrollment in the Records of the Court of the said Forest, of any Patent or Warrant, appointing him the said Bonham Smith Keeper of the said Chace; It is therefore ordered by the said Court, that no such Warrant for a Fee Buck or Doe shall be served by any of the Keepers of the said Forest.

And whereas the Right honble. Henry Legge directed his Warrant to the Keeper of the East Walk, to kill him a Fee Buck, as Owner of Bedhampton Purlieu, in the said Forest; and it being doubted by the Court that there’s such a Purlieu; It is therefore ordered by the Court, that no such Warrant shall be served for the future, untill such Right shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Verderors, &c.

Entered by Richard Field,

Steward.

N* u. B.

'1 he Forest of South,'] The Court of Pleas of the Forest of our Lord the King, called South ats East Bere afs afs East Bere, afs [ Bar, in the County of Southampton, called the Swannimote Court, holden at West Lodge, Bier. J within the Forest and County aforesaid, the Twenty-sixth Day of September, in the Eighth

Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of Goa of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, before the Verderors, Foresters, and Regarders, and other Ministers of the Forest aforesaid, as follows:

Warden -Verderors -

Foresters, or Under Keepers -

Ranger -Woodman Steward -

Sub-Foresters, or Keepers -

Howard -Howard -

Agistors -

Regarders -

- Alexander Thistlethwayte, Esq.

Edward Gibbon -James looker. Esq.

Thomas Miller, Esq. - -

Thomas Smith, Esq.

fSir John Etwill, Bar*.

\George Gamier, Esq.

- Robert Paris Taylor, Esq.

- William Strong -

f Francis Dewey, West Walk -\Richard Watts, East Walk -

- Francis Dewey, West Walk -

- Richard Watts, East Walk -

f Thomas Callaicay -

\Edward Sheiwin -(Thomas Land, of Hambledon -Humphrey Brett, of Catring ton John Sutton, of Southrvicke -Thomas Hatch, of Soberton -John Whithead, of Soak Winlon George Eart, of the same -- ( Edward Smith, of the same -James Cook, of the same -

Robert Wag staff, of the same John Biddon, of Soberton, for Daniel Day, abs' Stephen Smith, of Wickham, for Henry White, abs' Eduard Sherwin, of Fareham (Surplusage)

Henry Cook, of Waltham -

- abs*

- abs*

- app"

- aPPd

- abs'

- app4

- app4 Swom.

- app4 Sworn.

- app4

- app

- app4

- app*

- app4

- app4

- app4

- apP4

- app4

- app4

- app4

- app4

- app4 app4

- app4

- app*

- app4

- app4

- appd

- app<

'Thomas Smith, Charles Cleverly, James Cleverly, Robert Woodman, Mark Crowder, Dan1 Callaway,

Jurors for our Sovereign Lord the King:

: Sworn.

Philip Pafford, Edmund Catch love, James Rathell, Henry Warner, James Stairs, Thomas Grossmith,

After

32 Geo. III. 5° Junii. 1057

After the Charge being given, the Jury at the Swanimote be forthwith sent him, and his Answer reported at the Thirteenth Report Court, holden this Twenty-sixth Day of September One next Court. on l'ie Land

thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, at the West Also, We present William Budden, of the West Walk, 1!eve, me‘__________

Lodge, in the West Walk of the said Forest of South, for Encroachment of a Piece of Ground in the said v afs East Bere, ats Bier, (Present) Forest, and that Notice be forthwith sent him, and his

First, We present the Keepers of the East and West Answer reported at the next Court.

Walk, for having in Time past cut, and directed to Also, We present, That the Two Sub-Foresters be cut, Bushes in the private Purlieus within this continue their Office as Haywards for the Year Forest; and that the Keepers have no Right to cut, or ensuing.

direct to be cut, any Bushes whatever within this l orest, Also, We present, That Thomas Callaway and Ed-

except Browse for the Deer, Horn high; and also ward S continue their Office of Agistors for the

Bushes and Browse within the King’s Liberty, of which Year ensuing.

they are the proper Keepers. — Confirmed by the Court The Verderors at this Court have directed that the In Consequence of the above Presentment, this Court Regarders do make their Regard within this Forest on came also to the following Resolution, That no Purlieu the Fourteenth Day of September in every Year, unless Man shall cut within his own Purlieu, within the Regard the same shall happen on a Sunday, and then on the of this Forest, any Hollys whatever, but that the same Fifteenth; and that they then have their Fee Buck shall remain and be deemed Browse for the Deer in killed for them, to be dressed on that Day, alternately the said Forest, and that the Keepers shall at all Times at each Lodge, and that the Swannimote Court for the be at Liberty to cut the same for Browse, any where future to be held on the Twenty-fifth Day of September within the Regard of the Forest, Horn high. in every Year.

Secondly, We present, That the Duke of Beaufort's Also, We present, That the most effectual Way in Inclosure is a Prejudice to the Tenants who have a our Opinion to put a Stop to the evil Practice of Right of Common in this Forest, as before presented, destroying the Vert and Venison and Timber of the and that the same ought to be thrown up: And in said Forest w ill be to desire the Verderors to apply to consequence of the said Presentment this Court were the Lord Chief Justice in Eyre of the South Side of of Opinion that the same ought to be thrown up ac- Trent, that the Offenders be prosecuted for the same, cordingly, and desired that Notice thereof might be Also, We present any Person or Persons who shall

sent to his Grace’s Steward; who attended, and being cut any Fern within the Liberties of the said Forest,

informed of the Resolution of this Court, in the Name from the 1st Day of May to the 2/jth Day of September, of his Grace the Duke of Beaufort, agreed in Court Twenty Shillings for each Load they shall cut.

that the same should be accordingly layd in Comon Also, We present any Person or Persons who shall

with the Forest, agreeable to such Resolution, within pick, beat, or carry away Acorns within the said Forest,

Three Months from this Date; which Consent this Twenty Shillings for every Bushel so picked, beat.

Court have ordered to be recorded, as a Precedent in or carryed away, and so in Proportion for any less future for all other Inclosures. Quantity.

Mr. Conway then humbly moved this Court, in the Also, We present all Stone Horses and Mares, Foals,

Name of his Grace the Duke of Beaufort, for Leave and Fillies, that are at any Time found depasturing

to inclose the Thirty Acres of Hop Garden Hill, im- within the said Forest, and are not sizable, or within

properly cut last Year, for the Term of Five Years the Meaning of the Statute in that Case made and Heory VIII.

from this Date, for the Preservation of the Growth of provided, as a Nuisance in general; and to be from the young Timber therein ^which is granted accordingly, Time to Time driven and impounded.

upon Condition that, at the Expiration thereof, the same Also, We present any Person or Persons who shall be thrown up. depasture Sheep at any Time hereafter in or upon the

Thirdly, We present the Rabbits in the West Walk said Forest, One Shilling for any such Sheep, of the said Forest to be a Nuisance, and very detri- Also, We present all and every such Person and Per-mental to the young Timber, Vert, and Venison in sons who shall at any Time or Times hereafter put or the said Forest, and do desire the Keepers to destroy cause to be put into the said Forest any Hoggs or Piggs the same. without their being first ringed, One Shilling for each

Fourthly, We present a Fee Buck and a Fee Doe to Hog, and Six Pence for every such Pig. be the Annual Right of the Verderors of the said Fo- Also, We present all and every such Person or Per-rest; and also One Fee Buck and One Fee Doe to sons who (not having a just Right so to do) shall at be the Annual Right of all the Regarders of the said any Time or Times hereafter put any Cattle of any Forest. Kind or Sort w hatsover to depasture in the said Forest,

Fifthly, We present a Pound wanting in the West that all such Cattle, by driving such Forest, shall be Walk, and a Pound wanting in the East Walk; and that impounded, and the Owners thereof prosecuted accord-they must be built by the Twenty-fifth Day of March ing to Law.

next, together with a Rail and Fence at Mislingford. Also, We present all and every Person or Persons

Sixthly, We present the Part of The Brambles in- who shall at any Time or Times hereafter dig or cause closed by the late John Moody, Esquire, as a Nuisance, to be dug any Sand in or out of the Pit in or near ad-and that, the same be forthwith laid open and in joining to the Road leading from the Lodge of the West Comon to the said Forest, the same having been in- Walk to Soulhwicke, or the Pit near or adjoining to the closed upwards of Seven Years; and request that Notice Road in or near Hop Garden Hill, in the East Walk, it be forthwith sent to Samuel Lake, Esq. the present being dangerous for Travellers, Five Pounds for every Possessor thereof, and that his Answer be reported at Offence.

the next Court. Also, We present all those who stand presented in

Also, We present, That Alexander Thistlethwayte, the West Walk of the said Forest, for their respective and Thomas Missing, Esq", should, at the Expiration of Inclosures not being thrown up, to be prosecuted.

Five Years from this Date, throw open The Bram- Also, We present all and every Person and Persons hies by them inclosed Two Years past, for the Preser- who keep any Ass or Asses, Geese or Gouts, within the vation of the young Timber, a Fall of Timber being then Jurisdiction of this Forest, which are uncommonable made. Cattle, such Ass or Asses, Geese or Goats, to be

Also, We present John Pafford, of the West Walk, impounded, and the Offender to pay Ten Shillings for Encroachment in the said Walk, by erecting a Cot- for every Ass, and for every Goat or Goose Five tage and inclosing a Piece of Ground, and that Notice Shillings.

Vol. 47. - Also,

5° Junii: A. 1792.

Thirteenth Report Also, We present all Persons who owe Suit and Ser-on the Land vice, and not appearing, Twenty Shillings.

Revenue.______Also, We present, That Patrick Heron, the late

r"/ Under Keeper of the West Walk, ha, th inclosed a Part

of the Purlieu of George Gamier, Esq., for a Wilder-. ness, near the West Lodge: The said George Esquire, being present, consented that the same should

remain as it now is till his Pleasure is made known to this Court to the contrary.

N. B. All Persons who have inclosed in the private Purlieus should pay an Acknowledgment to the Proprietor thereof; and those Inclosures in the King’s Liberty should be reported to the Treasury; and in the Bishop’s to the Bishop.

N° 12.

r '

EXTRACT from a Survey, entitled,

"COM. S O U T HT0 " A Survey of the Numbers, Quantetyes, and Valewes of all such Tymber, Dottard, and Fyerwood Trees, as are now growinge and yett beinge w,hin the sev'all, Forests hereafter named: S'vayed and taken by John Thorpe and Henry Genings, accordinge to a Comiss: and answerable to Articles of Instruction to them and others directed, in the JSfeare of the Raigne of our Sovraigne Lo4 James, by the Grace of God of Engeland, Fraunce, and Ireland the VI,k, and of Scotland the XLII, A* 1608."

.Tymber Trees, the Number ut seq. Worth. Whereof may be spared. Worth.

tfi. £. s. d. C. £.

EAST BEARE FOREST. 5365 ij. Cxxix iiij vj 1000 vijL.

Fyerwood, and Decayed Trees. Worth. Whereof may be spared. Worth.

Lo. C. £. s. % C.£. d.

8814 vJ>Lxj j — 4814 Lo. iij.Lxj. xij.

Note. — The Price of Timber in 1608 being about 6d.) must have been about 4,258 Loads, Girt Mea-10$. per Load, Girt Measure (vide 8th and 11th Re- sure, which is equal to 6,387 Loads, Square Measure; ports) the Quantity of Timber contained in the 5,365 the Average Meetings of the Trees being about Fifty-Timber Trees above mentioned (valued at 2,129/. 4 s.nine Feet each. Square Measure.

32 Geo. III.

5° Jumi,

1059

N* 13.

STATE of the TIMBER in FOREST.

OAK. 1 Different Denominations. Number of Trees. Square Measure. Square Measure.

Fit to be cut for the-) Use of the Navy - -J Knees (Girt Measure) Trees 5 Feet and upwards -30 Trees and upwards 46 21a Lds. Feet. 15 24 226 5 Lds. Feet. 241 29 1,008 42 262 29

Growing -Scrubbed and unthrifty 5 Feet to 30 - 4,978 530 — m

Total Oak - 5,764 Measure «,5i3 —

BEECH Trees - - - Total Beech 62 Measure 4 n

ASH Trees ... Total Ash - 710 Measure 222 6

FIR Trees - - - Total Fir i*7 Measure 10 37

General Total 6,653 Measure ?,750 4

Thirteenth Report pa the Laud Revenue.

Copy presented to the House of Commons,

(Signed) J. Pitt, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests.

Vol. 47-

12 O

ABS7 It ACT of ACCOUNTS of Wood Sales in the Forest of BE RE, and in other Forests included in the same Accounts; and also of Monies imprested from the Land Revenue

of the Crown, for defraying the Expenses of divers Works and Repairs in the said Forest of Bere, and for other Purposes, from the Year 1700 to 1791 inclusive; taken from the Accounts

of the Surveyors General, remaining in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue.

o

o

o

00

?T

RECEIPTS.

Dates of Warrants.

7 April 1707.

15 Feb. 1732.

3 April 1733. 1 March 1742.

12 April 1743. 24 Jan. 1744. 20 Aug. 1766. S Dec. 1767.

19 April 1768.

19 Jan. 1769. 27 April 1769.

4 May 1769.

3 March 1772. 12 Aug. 1778.

Timber and Wood sold.

5}

300 Trees, containing 467 Loads & 14 F of Timber, delivered for the Use of the Navy, with the Bark, Lops, &c.

L*1 F'

248 34 with the Lops,'Tops, &c. — -J9erc Forest

377 Trees with the small Flilterns — Alictholt

1149 Trees with the Bark, &c. — Whichwood Forest -

303 Loads 29 Feet, Lops, Tops, &c.

127 Tons and 56 Trees, Lops, &c.

2625 Cords and of Wood — Dean Forest 2554 Cords and J D° D° -457 Loads 40 Feet of Timber -796 Trees, coin" 29,130 Feet, with Burk,&c.

462 Trees, cont* 19,114 Feet -

181 Trees, cont6 4,827 Feci, Bark, &c.

503 Trees, cont* 19,240 Feet -285 Trees, cont* 9,065 Feet -"525 Ends of Oak, cont* 8,515 Feet 407 Ends of Ash, contB 5,097 Feet ^662 decayed Oak Trees

TOTALS - - £.

Whereof

Chargeable to the Account of Be re Forest

- £.

In

Bere Forest.

£. s. d. 1,810 15 2

455 7 9

564 6 4 229 18 —

1,888 8 7 2,073 13 —

1,310 5 6

S03 2 3 1,275 16 — 555 19 9

1,167 5 10

11,634 18 2 2,397 11 3

In Aliccholt, Whichwood, and Dean Forests.

£. «. d.

519 15 — 550 19 —

656 7 6 670 9 9i

11,631 18 2 -

Imprested

from

LandRevenue.

£. i. d.

4,200 ——

1,800 ——

822 10 —

6,822 10 —

TOTALS.

£. s. d. 1,810 15 2

1,526 1 9

564 6 4 229 18 — 656 7 6 670 9 9| 6,088 8 7 3,873 13 —

2,132 15 6

303 2 3 1,275 16 — 555 19 9

1,167 5 10

20,854 19 5$

£.11,634 18 2

DISBURSEMENTS.

Expenses of setting out, and felling Timber, &c. Surveyor General’s Attendance, at 20 s. per Day. Surveyor General's Poundage. Receiver General’s Poundage. Treasury and Auditor Fees for Warrants, &c. Entries, Accounts, &c. Salaries to the Keepers of Bert Forest. Expenses of Repairs in Bere Forest. Expenses of Repairs, &c. in other Forests and Parks. TOTALS.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. #. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. fWindsor Little £. t. d. £. s. d.

16 16 4 15 8 15 2 . 23 11 8 45 — — < Pnrki for Ofi- > 65 174 3 2

Ccers Salaries -J

» rln Hampton Ct.

I Park - 228 6 41

102 10 9 120 76 6 — - 33 11 6 150 — — j Grtmwich Park 413 13 101 1,419 8 5

IAlictholt Forest 325 J

— 18 6 20 28 4- - 21 7 — - 543 5 2 613 14 8

- 16 11 9 6 . 17 3 — 216 9 — 261 1 6

265 1 6 61 32 16 — . 18 4 — 1 - 516 S 10 893 5 4

262 14 6 4 S3 10 — - 18 4 — . 304 12 1 623 — 7

32 14 — 30 304 8 — 210 , 77 19 — - Cranbourn Lodge 5,566 16 11 6,221 17 11

35 193 13 6 90 49 - - Bushy Park 3,588 17 5 { 3,956 10 11 J

- 13 106 12 9 41 2 6 36 15 7 - - ( St. James's and \ Hyde Parks J 1,622 14 2 1,820 5 —

... ... 15 3 — - 18 4- 33 7 -

14 63 13 9 - 20 4 — - - Hampton Ct. Park 716 6 10 814 6 7 {

7 27 15 11 - 18 4- 325 377 19 11

35 18 2 22 58 7 3 . 30 14 — . 995 16 11 1,142 16 4

716 13 9 357 960 16 10 341 2 6 383 1 9 691 9 — 2,404 18 — - - £. 12,526 15 7 18,301 17 5

£.133 12 6 277 581 14 10 . 271 5 2 691 9 — - 2,404 18 — - - - £.3,668 10 6

Or

o

s*

a

Atoe.» — Although the Sum of £.691. 9 s. only appears to have been paid j to the Keepers, out of Monies arising by the Sale of Timber in this Forest, yet their Salaries have been paid to the present Time out of -Weod Salet from oilier Forests.

Vo l. 47. Ordered.

ir

N°

FOREST

To Monies expended in the Payment of Salaries to the Keepers of the said Forest, and in the Execution of Warrants for divers Works there, with other incidental Charges relative thereto, from 1700 to 1791, inclusive.

Salaries.

'"To the Keeper of the East Walk, in the said Forest, his Salary from Michaelmas 1719, when the First Payment thereof commenced, to Michaelmas 1791, being 72 Years, at 30/. per Annum, the Sum of To the Keeper of the West Walk, in the said Forest, his Salary for the same Period, at 20/. per Annum, the Sum of

£. s. d. 2,160 ——

1,440 ——

Incidental

Charges.

Expences incurred in the Marking, Setting out, Felling, and Selling the Timber and Wood in the said Forest -Surveyor General’s Allowance of per Day, for his Service, Attendance, and Riding Charges in the Execution of Warrants relative to the said Forest, during the Period of this J Account - -

'i Surveyor General’s Poundage on Monies by him received, at 12 d.per £. -Fees paid at the Treasury for Warrants and Entries, and to the Auditor for stating and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General for passing the same through the several Offices, as by the preceding Abstract x. (N* 14) appears - -

Works

and

Repairs.

{Amount of divers Works and Repairs within the said Forest, from 1700 to 1791, as appears by the same Abstract -

133 12 6

377 ——

581 14 10

27t 5 2

2,404 18 —

7,268 10 6

4,366 7 8

11,634 18 2

To Balance

00

i5* fcO

OF B E R E. O

Cr W

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- c

By the Produce of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy, and Monies arising by the h Sale of Timber and Wood within the said Forest, from 1700 to 1791, inclusive.

Navy Timber.

By the Produce of 467 Loads and 14 Feet of Timber, arising out of 300 Oak Trees felled in the £. s. d.

said Forest, and delivered to the Purveyor of the Navy at Portsmouth, in 1707 - 1,635 9 8

By Sale of the Tops of the said 300 Trees - 13* 1 6

By Sale of 46 Loads and 20 Yards of Bark - - - 44 4 —

1,810 15 2

rBy Sale of divers Quantities of Wood and Timber felled in the said Forest, and of the Bark, Wood Sales. < Lops, Tops, and Offal thereof, within the Period of this Account, as by the preceding v Abstract (N° 14) appears -

9*824 3

11,634 18 2

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard, May 31st 1792.

Cha‘ Middleton, Jit Call,

John Ford

Q

V

Report touching Standing Orders respecting Navigation Bills deferred.

Lords

Amendments to Servants’ Characters Bill put oft' for Two Months.

Bill: — Certificates of Servants’ Characters ordered.

East India Company’s Revenue Accounts referred.

5° Junii. A. 1792.

Ordered, That the said Report, Plan, and Appendix do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, and also, of the said Appendix to the Twelfth Report of the said Commissioners, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee who were appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of the House, respecting Bills for making Navigable Canals, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters,

And the said Amendments were read; and are as folio we th; viz.

Pr. i. 1. i.

" many"

leave out to " false ’

Pr. 2.

4-

13-

in

1.17.

1. 18. 1. 35-

Pr. 3- 1. ij-

Pr. 4.

1.

1.

31*

8.

31*

1. 32.

Pr.7. 1. 19. 1. 22.

After in Line 3.

Leave out " which Characters."

After " assert" leave out to in Line 14.

After " any "leave out " other." After " them " insert " that."

After " assert " leave out to " in " in Line 36,

Leave out " as having" and insert " asserting or pretending that he " or she hath."

Leave out " and " and insert " or." Leave out " and " and insert " or." Leave out " Forty " and insert " Twenty."

Leave out " be " and insert " been."

Leave out " arise " and insert

have

have

" arisen."

Forty " and insert

Pr. 8. 1. 5.

Leave out " Twenty."

After " Offender" insert " or Of-

" fenders."

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of December 1702, of the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for preventing occasional Conformity, with the Proceeding of the House upon the Eighth of the said Amendments; together with the Entries of the several subsequent Proceedings of the House, during the same Session of Parliament, in relation thereto, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters, be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the counterfeiting of Certificates of the Characters of Servants: And that Sir Charles Gould and Mr. Adam do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which were presetted to the House upon the 27th Day of March last, and the 1 st Day of this Instant June, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve G® itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said muiis Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Beaufoy accordingly reported from the said rtporw Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oudc, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, from 1788-9 to 1790-91, both inclusive, to the Sum of Five Crore, Fifty six Lacks, Five thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-five Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from

Benares and Oude, under the same Heads which were estimated, for the Year 1790-91, to amount to Five Crore, Twenty-two Lacks, Thirty-nine thousand Four hundred and Twenty-seven Current Rupees, amounted to Five Crore, Fifty-two Lacks, Twenty-two thousand Nine hundred and Twenty Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, which were estimated, for the Year 1790-91, at Three Crore, Eighteen Lacks, Thirty-two thousand Two hundred and Seventeen Current Rupees, amounted to Three Crore, Twenty-two Lacks, Fifty-nine thousand Two hundred and Seventy-seven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1791-2, are estimated by the Governor General and Council to amount to the Sum of Five Crore, Five Lacks, Fiftyrsix thousand Four hundred and Three Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1791-2, are estimated by the Governor General and Council to amount to the Sum of Three Crore, One Lack, Sixteen thousand Three hundred and Seventy-six Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settle-

03 nients

v

32 Geo. III. hQ Juniu 1063

roents subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and to 1789-90, both inclusive, to Fourteen thousand Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coin- Two hundred and One Dollars.

age Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy of the Na- , That it appears to this Committee, That

bob of Arcot, and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, the Total Debt owing by the East India Company irk and Farms and Licences, amounted on an Average of their different Settlements ih The East exclu-

Three Years 1788-910 1790-91, both inclusive, to the sive of the Sums for which Bills have been granted Sum of Thirty-six Lacks, One thousand Nine hundred payable on the Court of Directors at Home in pur-and Fifty-two Pagodas. suance of their Orders of 1.5th Day of September 178

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That and 31st Day of July 1787, amounted, according to the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presi- the latest Accounts of the whole Debt received in Eng-dency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subor- land, to the Sum of Eight Crore, One Lack, Ninety-dinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Cir- eight thousand Five hundred and Forty-nine Current cars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea Rupees.

or. Land Customs, Land Revenues, Collections from Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Countries of the Nabob of Arcot, and Rajah of the Total of the Debts owing by the East India Com-Tanjore, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1790-91, many iii their different Settlements in The East Indies, which were estimated to amount to Forty-four Lacks, bearing Interest, amounted on the 30th of April 1791,

Fifteen thousand Nine hundred and Forty-one Pagodas, to the Sum of Six Crore, Thirty-two Lacks, Fifty-amounted to Forty-one Lacks, Ten thousand Five four thousand Four hundred and Forty-three Current hundred and Fifty-seven Pagodas. Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Annual Amount of Interest payable on the said the Presidency of Fort Saint George, And the Settlements Debts in India, was Fifty-two Lacks, Ninety-six thou- subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern sand Two hundred and Forty-one Rupees.

Circars, under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Buildings and Fortifications, which were estimated for Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon) the Year 1790-91, to amount to Sixty-three Lacks, agreed to by the House.

Seventy-one thousand Four hundred and Thirty-eight

Pagodas, amounted to Sixty-seven Lacks, Fifteen A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lord* thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pagodas. Mr. Graves: tiave agreed

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Mr. Speaker, to

the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Atcham, the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settle- Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor Wroxeterj ments subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and within the several Parishes of Poor

Northern Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, for the rington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, Henley, Leighton, 1 *

Year 1791-2, are estimated by the Governor and Uffington, and Upton Magna, and the Chapelry of Council of Madras, to amount to the Sum of Sixty- Cressage, in the County of Salop', without any Amend-one Lacks, Thirty-nine thousand Four hundred and ment: And also.

Sixty-six Pagodas. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Act to indemnify Persons being Proprietors, Printers, Newspapers,* the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the said Company and Editors of Newspapers, and other Publications, &c. Indem- ut the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in The from certain Penalties incurred under several Acts *»ty Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective therein mentioned, relative to Lotteries; without any 1

Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, Amendment: And also,

and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Cus- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stone and toms, for the Year 1791-2, are estimated by the Go- Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Elevehth Year Eceleshall vernor and Council at Madras, to amount to the Sum of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and 08 1 '

of Seventy Lacks, Twenty thousand Nine hundred widening the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to and Thirty-seven Pagodas. the Road between Leek and , on Meir,

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That and from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Sta-the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presi- bleford, in the County of Stafford, and for granting dency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate other Powers for those Purposes, and for repairing thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and improving the Road from a Place called Walton,

Farms, and Licences, and Subsides from the Mah- in Stone aforesaid, to Eccleshall, in the said County of rattasand the Rajah of Travancore, which Were esti- Stafford; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords

mated for the Year 1790-91, to-amount to Twenty- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have pawed

two Lacks, Ninety-six thousand Three hundred and appointing Commissioners to sell and dispose of a certain TauntonHos-Sixteen Bombay Rupees, are stated in the Abstract Ac- unfinished Building at or near Taunton, in the County pltal B, H* count, received from that Presidency, to have amounted of Somerset, intended for a public Hospital or Infir-to Fifteen Lacks, Eighty-five thousand Seven hundred mary, and of a Piece of Ground belonging thereto, in and Forty-two Bombay Rupees. case a sufficient Sum of Money shall not be raised by

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Subscription, within a limited Time, for finishing the the Charges incurred by the East India Company at said Building, and paying the Money due on Account the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements sub- thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of ordinate thereto, which were estimated for the Year this House.

179°-9I> to amount to Sixty-seven Lacks, Ninety- And then the Messengers withdrew.

six thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-three Bombay And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Taunton

Rupees, are stated, in the Abstract Account received Time. Hospital Bill

from that Persidency, to have amounted to Ninety- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. read* five Lacks, Eighty-nine thousand Nine hundred and

Seventy-two Bombay Rupees. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ex- Correspond-

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That tracts of all the Correspondence betwixt Major Ban-the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at nerman and Sir Archibald Campbell, and betwixt Ma- Cranganore, the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependen- jor Bannerman and Mr. Holland, on the Subject of the and Jaycot-

cies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, Purchase of the Forts of Cranganore and Jaycottah from tab, ordered, amounted on an Average of Three Years, from 1787-8 the Dutch, by the Rajah of Travancore.

Vol. 47. 12 P Sir

10,64

5° — 6°

A. 1792.

Servants Characters Bill presented.

Sir pitalics Gould presented to the House, according And the Names of the Members, appointed to be to Order, a Hill for preventing the counterfeiting of Managers at the Trial of Hastings, Esquire,

committed.

Certificates of the Characters of Servants: And the ^rne was received; and read the First Time.

It evolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ptrdered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Tjme.

1 he said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolve^, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Th^t the Bill he committed to a Com- by their Counties, as usual; and they went into West-

were called over; and they went to the Places m IV estmimterHall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk,

Royal Exchange Assurance Company's Bill deferred.

mittee of the whole House

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, uppp the said Bill.

Thp other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from

minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. William Henry Bouverie do make Earlofk the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Royal vesting several Lands and Hereditaments, of which Exchange Assurance Company, and their Successors, -a' t tv,

to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon Lives, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Moaning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6. Anno 320 Georgii HPU Regis, 1792.

PllA VERS.

Whitehaven Harbour Bill passed.

AN

ijl pi

ingrossed

mi-

Bill for further enlarging and proving the Harbour and Port of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for Appointment of a Clerk to the Trustees, and carrying on Prosecutions in his Name.

AncJ t}ie said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the

Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed.

Mr. William Henry Bouverie accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. William Hairy Bouverie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Report farther Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-commit- 5ta"a,-;

’ -r ders ns*

ted, which was made from the Committee who were

ing Nan:.'

appointed to take into Consideration the Standing tion Orders of the House, respecting Bills for making Na-

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be. vigable Canals, and to report their Opinion thereupon,

Trial of Mr. I LiSUHlJS.

made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for further enlarging and improving the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mi'- Lordlier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to WestminsterHall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And lie went accordingly; and returned.

to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Report.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said tomiM Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this That they had come to several Resolutions; which they House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, had directed him to report, when the House will please and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers. to receive the same.

And he went accordingly; and returned. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in, the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

Aqd he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

Morning.

The House according to Order, resolved itself into commits-a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for on Sen® preventing the counterfeiting of Certificates of the ^»racltr" Characters of Servants. 1'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several 0 3 Amendments

d by

32 Geo. III.

6° Jiin

1065

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

' 'poited. Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments winch the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him 5 to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a second Time, One by One; and, upon (the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

ingrossed.

, I !' Quayle's ‘ Petition for ejjair of

>,;‘>uglas Ilar-. ‘ur.

v«

A

X

3F

X [*

,. c.a

E:

o;3

A Petition of Thomas Qiiayle, of Princes Court, -minster, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, Agent of the House of Keys, of the Isle of Man, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the stiid Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Port of Douglas, in the said Island, is of considerable Importance, not only to the Commerce of that Island, but to the Trade and Navigation of the Irish Channel in general; that the Custom House is situated there, and some Articles of general Consumption are restricted, by Act ot Parliamen, to be landed at that Port only: That, in the Autumn of the Year 1786, the Northern Pier of the said Port was destroyed by a violent Storm, and hath ever since remained in Ruins, by which Means the said Harbour hath become unsafe for the Reception of Shipping, and insufficient to contain the Number which formerly resorted thither: That the Inconveniences resulting to the said Island, from the Interruption of Commerce for Six Years last past, at this their principal Port, are not the greatest which arise from the Destruction of the said Pier, but such Vessels as had usually taken Refuge there when attacked by sudden Storms which prevented their reaching any other Port, are now obliged to remain at Sea, in consequence of which many Vessels have been lost, and several Fishing Boats, attempting to take Shelter there, have struck on the Ruins of the ancient Pier, and perished with their Crews at the very Entrance of the Harbour: That Petitions, representing the Utility of the said Harbour, and the injurious Consequences to Commerce from its present State of Disrepair, have been presented to the Board of Treasury, as well on Behalf of the said House of Keys and of the Merchants of the said Island, as of the Merchants of several Ports on the North-West Coast of England, and a Survey of the Harbour has been made, but no Steps taken towards its Reparation: And therefore, on Behalf of the said House of Keys, praying. That the Matter of this Petition may be taken into Consideration, and such [Measures be adopted for the Reparation of the said Harbour, as to the House shall appear most proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

tuled, " An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon Mandamus, " Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; agreed to.

" and for the more easy trying and determining the " Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations " and Boroughs."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 23. Leave out " Hilary,"and insert " -

" nity."

Pr. 2. 1. 6. Leave out " Eight," and insert

" Six."

1. 8. Leave out " Eight," and insert

" Six."

1. 37. Leave out " Eight," and insert

" Six."

Pr. 3. 1. 1. After " aforesaid," insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted by " the Authority aforesaid, That " if any Person or Persons against " whom any such Information as " aforesaid shall be exhibited,

" shall derive Title under an " Election, Nomination, swearing " into Office, or Admission by " any Person or Persons, the " Title of such Person or Persons against whom such Information shall be exhibited, shall " not be defeated or affected " by reason or on account of " any Defect in the Title of such " Person or Persons so electing,

" nominating, swearing into Office, or admitting, in case such " Person or Persons, under whom " Title shall be derived as aforesaid, was or were in Exercise " de facto of the Franchise or " Office (in virtue of which he " or they so elected, nominated,

" sworn in, or admitted) at a " Period Six Years at least previous to the Time of filing " such Information, and his or " their Title shall not have been " questioned by any legal Proceeding carried on with Effect."

1. 11. After " Person," insert " on any " Day or Days except Christmas Day, Good Friday, and Sunday

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 1. Leave out from " Act" to " in," in 1. 7, and insert " for the Amendnaent of the Law in Proceedings upon Information," and in the same Line, after " in," leave out " the."

1. 8. Leave out " a," and in the same line, after " Warranto," leave out to the End of the Title.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there*-upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

! 1" Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration

' BUn'or"118 Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in-./ndering tituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made

Writs 01 in the Ninth Year of tire Reign of Queen Anne, inti-

VOL. 47.

..Illriil

A [Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lord* Mr. Graves: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, *°

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sugar Bill, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and

Payment

Bill for Relief of the Coast Trade.

Oak Bark Importation

Bill.

Bill to empower the Justices for Middlesex to continue a Sessionol the Peace.

Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

€toke Chapel Bill.

Basford In-fclosure Bill*

Pownham Market Roads Bill

Mr.Hasting’s

Trial.

Correspondence on the } urchase of Cranganore and Jay-cottah, presented.

1066

6°- — 7° juna

A. 1792.

Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond- usually called the Isfe of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain, brought Coastwise, to be transshipped into Lighters, for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from The Forth to The Clyde; without any Amendment: -And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Quercitron or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty; and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to continue a Session of the Peace, and of Oyerand Terminer, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the Kings Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere in the said County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for re-building the Chapel, and enlarging the Chapel Yard, of Lane End, within the Parish of upon Trent, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Basford, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, in Dozvnham Market, to the Queen's Head, and from The Chequer Inn, in Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close, in the Parish of Barton, and towards Watton, to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk, and for stopping up the Road leading from Slradset, through Barton Layes, towards Wtat ton; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door, he was called; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

A Paper, containing Copies and Extracts of all the Correspondence betwixt Major Bannerman and Sir Archibald Campbell, and betwixt Major Bannerman and Mr. Hollond, on the Subject of the Purchase of the Forts of Craganore and Jaycottah from the Dutch, by the Rajah of Travancore.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said fcaper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The ,said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the RojsiEi Committee, to Vvhom the Bill to enable the Exchange Assurance Company, and their Successors, to , grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon Lives, was Billfe committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-ntonrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 7° die Annb 32* Georgii III,a Regis, 17921 Praters.

ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for ebawu preventing the counterfeiting of Certificates of the BiUpa»J Characters of Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of Certificates of the Characters of Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this *rrj»i of House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and HasLng. 1 Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, be reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee who were appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of the House, respecting Rills for making Navigable Canals, and to report their Opinion thereupon, to the House, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Orders of the House, of the aSth of January 1771, the 25th of April 1774, the 15th of November 1775, and the 15th of July 1789, respecting Navigation Bills, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, when any Application is intended to be made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for making any Cut or Canal for the Purposes of Navigation, or any Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, for the Purpose of supplying any City, Town, or Place, with Water, or for varying or altering any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already made, or for making or improving the Navigation of any River, or for altering any Act of Parliament passed for any or either of those Purposes (in which Bill for altering any such Act it is intended to give Power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties) Notice of such intended Application shall be inserted Three Times in The London Gazette, in the Months of August and , or either of

them, previous to the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made: And that such Notice shall also be inserted in some One Newspaper of every County through which any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, is intended to be carried, or in which such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already made, is intended to be varied or altered, or in which such River, or such Part thereof as is intended to be made navigable, or the Navigation thereof to be improved, is situated (or, if there is not any Newspaper printed in or for such Counties respectively, then in the Newspaper of some County near or adjoining the reto) Three Times at the least, in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made: And that such Notice shall also be given at the General Quarter Session of the Peace which shall be holden for every and each County, Riding, or Division, through which any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, is intended to be carried, or in which such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, already made, is intended to be varied or altered, or in which such River, or such Part thereof as is intended to be made navigable, or the Navigation thereof to be improved, is situated, at the Michaelmas preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made, by affixing such Notice to the Door of the Session Houses respectively where such General Quarter Session shall be holden.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such several Notices shall contain the Names of the Parishes and Townships in, to, or through which any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, is intended to be carried, varied, or altered, or in which such River, or such Part, thereof as is intended to be made navigable, or the Navigation thereof to be improved, is situated.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Map or Plan of such intended Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, and also of any intended Alteration in any Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, already made, shall be deposited, for Public Inspection, at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding, or Division, through which such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, is intended to Vol. 47.

be carried, or such Alteration is interided to be made, on or before the Eleventh Day of November previous to the Session of Parliament, in which such Application is intended to be made; which Map or Plan shall describe the Line of such intended Cut, Canal, Aqueduet; or Navigation, or of such intended Alteration, and the Lands through which the same is intended to be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing a List of the Names of the Owners, or reputed Owners, and Occupiers, of such Lands respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tin’s Committed, That, before any Application is made to the House for any or either of the Purposes aforesaid, a previous Application shall be made to the Owners, or reputed Owners, and Occupiers, of the Lands through which any such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, is intended to be carried, or any such Alteration is intended to be made; and that separate Lists shall be made of the Names of such Owners and Occupiers, distinguishing which of them, upon such Application, have assented to, or dissented from, such intended Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, or such Alteration, or are neuter in respect thereto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever any Petition is presented to the House for any or either of the Purposes aforesaid, there shall be presented, with such Petition, the Lists mentioned in the last preceding Resolution, and also a Duplicate of the Map or Plan so to be deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever any Petition is presented to the House for making, varying, or altering any such Cut, Canal, or Aqueduct, as aforesaid, or making or improving the Navigation of a River, there be annexed to the said Petition an Estimate of the proposed Expence of such Undertaking (in Cases where Provision is intended to be made for raising Money to defray such Expence) such Estimate to be signed by the Person or Persons making the same: And, if such Money is proposed to be raised by Subscription, that there he also annexed to the said Petition an Account of the Money subscribed for that Purpose, and the Names of the Subscribers, with the Sums by them subscribed respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever any Petition has been presented to the House for the Purposes aforesaid, or any or either of them, the Committee, to whom such Petition shall be referred, do examine, in the First Place, how far the Orders contained in the preceding Resolutions have been complied with, and do report the same, at the Time when they report the Matter of any such Petition, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Clerks of the Peace, or their respective Deputies, do make a Memorial, in Writing, upon the Plan and Book of Reference deposited with them in Manner aforesaid, denoting the Time at which the same was lodged in their respective Offices; and do, at all seasonable Hours of the Day, permit any Person to view and examine the same, and to make Copies or Extracts therefrom, such Person paying for the same the usual and accustomed Fees paid to such Clerks of the Peace, for the Inspection, and Copying of, or making Extracts from, Records in their respective Offices.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in all Bills presented to the House for any or either of the Purposes aforesaid, Provision be made for compelling the Persons, who have subscribed towards carrying any such Work into Execution, to make Payment of the Sums severally subscribed by them; and also to oblige the Commissioners or Trustees to take Security from their Treasurer, Receiver, or Collector, for the faithful Execution of his Office.

12 Q The

The Lords have agreed to

Ramsgate

Harbour

Bill.

Mr. Hast* ings’s Trial.

Royal Exchange Assurance Company’s Bill deferred.

Journal to be printed.

Address for Money for printing the Journals.

Address for Expence of printing the Votes.

\ V

i'

1068 7° — 8° — 9° Junii A. 1792.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the last Nine of the said Resolutions be made Standing Orders of this House.

Ordered, That the several Resolutions, now agreed to by the House, be printed; and that Copies thereof be sent to the Sheriffs of the several Counties of Great Britain, and also to the Clerks of the Peace within England and Wales; and that the said Sheriffs do take care that Copies of the same be published, and distributed within their respective Counties.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on,

Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Company, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon Lives, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8* Junii;

- Anno 32* Georgii III"* Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That the Journal of this House, '-^from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Forty-seventh Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Hatscll, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatscll, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House: and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

menu.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to jj

give Directions for defraying the Expences attending |

the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and otherll,? Papers, which have been printed, by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Ik -, further Consideration the Report which was made from clo the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Royalra"f.! Exchange Assurance Company, and their Successors, pj to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon Lives, Tv.#'; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves: |"'H

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mr. Ti-Act for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Ad- MUi ministrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property p1*1 of a certain Yellow Colour, of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain call England, the Dominion of Wales, mid Town of Berwick :upon Tuted, for a limited Time; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amend* ments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are 99 followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 15. Leave out " Eighteen." and insert " Eleven." *

Pr. 5. 1. 7. Leave out " Eighteen," and insert " Eleven."

1. 14. Leave out " Eighteen," and insert " Eleven."

1. 20. Leave out " Eighteen," and insert ‘ Eleven."

Pr. 6. 1. 18. Leave out " Eighteen," and insert " Eleven."

Pr. 7. 1. 30. Leave out " Eighteen," and insert " Eleven."

The said Amendments being severally read a Se- Amm!-cond Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That General Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords: and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 9° die

Anno 32° Georgii III*M Regis, 1792. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An T,«m« Act for appointing Commissioners to sell and Hospiii: dispose of a certain unfinished Building at or near como!lK Taunlon, in the County of Somerset, intended for a public Hospital or Infirmary, and of a Piece of Ground belonging thereto, in case a sufficient Sum of Money shall not be raised by Subscription, within a limited Time, for finishing the said Building, and

o 3

paying

Uj

ft.

Committee

:;v to sit on Tuesday.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

&2|

rl'.l

e: n

The Lords L\ proceed

on Monday , . on Mr. Hast-Hi Trial.

ij

Royal Assent *' to Bills.

;rj>-

i fei5

0

32 Geo. Ill*

9° — 11° Junii.

10 69

paying the Money due on Account thereof was read a oecond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Phelips,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to sler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned. *

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refiise to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 11* die Junii;

Anno 32* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1792. Praters.

AM E S S A G E by Sir Francis Gentleman

Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Vol. 47.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Dc- Royal Assent sire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s to Bills. Commission afore mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, and the Lord Kenyon, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followed]; viz. *

An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships:

An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called the Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain, brought Coastwise, to be transshipped into Lighters, for the Purpose of being carried through tho Canal from The Forth to The Clyde:

An Act for allowing the Importation of Quercitron or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty; and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Bark imported into this Kingdom:

An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to continue a Session of the Peace, and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King's Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or elsew here, in the said County of Middlesex:

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Jfrica:

An Act to exempt Whale Oil and other Articles therein mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales:

An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further a Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Office for the Suitprs of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissions of Bankrupts and Lunatics:

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to empower the " Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate " the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions, " to Manufactories of Silk mixed with other Materials, and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Silk purloined and embezzled by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof:

An Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may

have

11° Junii.

A. 1792.

*oy»l Assent have feerved, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, and o Bill*. residing in Ireland:

An Act for more effectually securing the Duties Upon foreign printed, painted, or stained Paper, imported into Great Britain:

An Act to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house Keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses:

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs:

An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices:

An Act to extend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the " Levant Seas:'"

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend and " make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues,

" Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and " to Houses of Correction

An Act for amending the Laws of Excise, relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass:

An Act for the Amendment of the Law in Proceedings upon Information in Nature of Quo Warranto:

An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to re-build the West End of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and to repair other Parts thereof:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Foot of Coomhe in the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called Fisher's otherwise Fletchers Leap, in the Parish of Deerhurst, in the said County:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable (’anal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near to or near Warton

' Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch, from, at,

or near, Galemoss, by to or near in

the said County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Hessle, Anlaband Tranby, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a Compensation, in lieu of Tythe, for certain ancient inclosed Lands, within the said several Townships or Hamlets, and also within the Township or Hamlet of Wooferton, otherwise Wolfreton, in the same County:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near newynydd, into the River Usk, at or near the Town of Nexvport, and a Collateral Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Farm, to, or near to,

Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from stoeh Cuts or Canals, to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock:

An Act for enlarging arid improving the Canal called Tatter shall Canal, from the River td

the Town of Tattershall, and extending the same into the River Bain, and for making the said River Bain Navigable from thetice to or into the Town of Horn-castle, all in the County of Lincoln, and also for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the said River Witham, and the Fosdilx Canal, through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln:

An Act for repairing or re-building the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broad Stairs, in the Isle of in the County of Kent', and for the better preserving the said Harbour, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels, within the said Harbour:

An Act for improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by the Passages or Ferries cross the of Forth, between Leith and Nezvhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Burntisland, in the County of Fife, and for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places more commodious:

An Act for removing the Stand of Hackney Coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Westminster:

An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Roads, and public Passages, and for widening and making the same more commodious, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for other Purposes:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and certain other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and belonging to the Parish of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, widening, and regulating the Streets, Courts, Roads, Lanes, Ways, Rows, Alleys, and public Passages and Places, within the town of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, within the said Town:

An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Low Lands within the Parish of Great Carlton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for regulating and improving the Salmon Fishery in the River Nith, in the County of Dumfries: An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, along the Course at’ Sleaford Mill Stream, and Kyme Eau, to the River Witham, at or near Chappel Hill, in the same County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation:

An Act for building a new Church or Chapel within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Ashton tender Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery' of small Debts within the Hundreds of Cirencester, Croze-thome, and Minty, Bright wells, Brad-

ley, Bisley and Longtree, commonly called The Hundreds of Cirencester, in the County of

32 Geo. III. Wa Junii.

1071

An Act for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, in the County of Devon:

An Act for the better Relief and Em ploy merit of the Poor, of and within such Part of the Parish of Whit church as maintains its own Poor, and lies within the County of Salop:

An Act for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River Thames, from Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Pang-bourn, in the County of Berks:

An Act for re-building the Chapel, and enlarging the Chapel Yard, of Lane End, within the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford:

An Act to indemnify Persons being Proprietors, Printers, and Editors of Newspapers, and other Publications,-from certain Penalties incurred under several Acts therein mentioned, relative to Lotteries:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of Atcham,

Berrington, Guild, Eaton Constantine, Henley, Leighton, Uffmgton, and Upton Magna, and the Chapelry of

Crcssage, in the County of Salop:

An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Har bour of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich, in the same County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town oi Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads in or near the said Town; for repairing several Roads in and leading through the Town of Warminster; for paving and repairing the Footways, and regulating the Market, within the said Town of Warminster:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road leading from to Greenock, by

Corsehill, and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and the Bridge at Inchinnan, and for more effectually making, and repairing, and altering, the Course of the said Road from Renfrew to Greenock, and for making and repairing other Roads connecting the rewith, and leading to and from Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, and the Branches thereof, and for

shutting up Bye Roads that are useless to the Public:

An Act for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lanerlc, to the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanerk:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Peebles, and for making the said Acts more effectual, and for better regulating the Statute Labour, within the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the City of York:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Kn to LlanymyneCh, in the same County, and from Knockin to the East End of the Llanriader Road, and from Place Carrick Lane to

the Turnpike Road from Llanymynech to Oswestry, near Coid Issa Mountain, and from Oswestry Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath, to the East End of Knockin Lane:

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wear, from the Bank or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bishop fVearmouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Vol. 47.

Shore, in the Parish of Monk IVearmouth, in the same Royal As»rnt County: tb

An Act for inclosing, dividing, arid allotting, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the Comrilons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes,

Passages, and Places, within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, and for supplying the said Towns with Water, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemien, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Encroachments; and Annoyances, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs within the said Towns:

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to or near Shipley Lane, in the Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and from Northcote Lane, in Honiton aforesaid, to or near Col-lumplon, in the said County of Devon, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening u several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon,

" leading to rind through the Borough of Lyme Regis,’* as relates to the Road from Fair Mile Inn to Straightway Head, otherwise Strelwood Head, in the Parish of Whimple, in the said County of Devon:

An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from Corn hill Burn, by P allinsburn and Lane,

to Miljteld March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowick,

and also several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the Counties ol Northumberland and Durham:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and repairing the Roads from Swell Wold, in the Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester, to or near the Sixth Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from the Borough of Tewkesbury to the Tow n of Slow, in the same County, and trom the North-East End of The Sivan Lane, in the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County, to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the Parish of Sedgeborough, in the County of Worcester; and from the Town of Winchcomb, in the said County of Gloucester, by a Place called Stamp Cross, to of near the Tenth Mile Stone on the said Turnpike Road, leading from Tewkesbury to Stow aforesaid:

An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Tow'll of Bathgate, to Bai/licston, in the County of Lanerk, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road; and for building a Bridge over the Water of Avon at Torpichen Mill; and for discharging the Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, from the Care of such Part of the Road from New House Inn to Glasgow as leads from the Confines of the Parishes of Monkland and Shotts to the East Boundary of Baillieston aforesaid, and putting the same under the Power of the Trustees appointed by this Act:

An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter arid amend the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the lleigri of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish oi South Mailing, near the Town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence, through Ftrle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in

12 R the

jm

ii° ytinii.

A. 1792.

JRoyal Assent the Parish of ALfrislon, in the County of Sussex, (except to Bills. so far as the said Acts relate to that Part of the said Road which lies between a Place, commonly called Bopeep, in the Parish of and aforesaid) and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of i Sussex:

An Act for continuing the Terra, and altering the lowers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Lanerk:

An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Bury Saint , in the County of Suffolk, to and through the Town of in the

Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Lynn, through the Parish of -f etch, in the said County of Norfolk:

An Act for repealing an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads from the Confines of the " County of Berwick, at or near Walls,

" to Comptons Lanes and Eymouth, and from the Town " of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whiielaw Muir to " Compton's Lanes, in the County of Berwickand for repairing, widening, and amending several Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour in the said County of Berwick:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Hoad at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Westerham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfeld, to the Village of Titsey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Wullingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the " Teem of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and

" Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several " Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as " the same relate to the Roads from the City of " gow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the " Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from " the Village of Gorbals to the Chapel of,

" in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew," so far as the said Act relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from The Forth to The Clyde:

An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from the Town of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to Leachldde, in the County of Gloucester, and for making a Road from thence to the River 7 sis, or Thames; for building a Bridge across the said River, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road leading from Leachlade to and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said last-ineutiooed Road to and through the Town of Jiighworth, in the County of Wilts, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in same County:

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingston, by the Kirk of Shots, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Thcevesford, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow; for altering a Part of the High Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of the Hills, and another Line of Road by the South, and for straightening and making the Roads more convenient; as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde below the present old Bridge, called Bothwell Bridge; as also for altering the Road from the Town of ton, Eastward, until it joins the Great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End: An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of Lian-dilofuwr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the New Bridge over the River Towyto the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandarog, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Carmarthen: An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Sandon, on Meir Heath, and from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stableford, in the County of Stafford, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and for repairing and improving the Road f rom a Place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Eccleshall, in the said County of Stafford:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouse, in Downham Market, to The Queen's Head, and from The Chequer Lm, in ham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close, in the Parish of Barton, and towards JVatton, to a Place called The Devil's Ditch in the County of Norfolk, and for stopping up the Road leading from Stradset, through Barton Layes, towards Walton:

An Act for effectuating certain Exchanges between the Right honourable the Earl Fitswilliam and Francis Ferrand Foljambe, Esquire, and the Right honourable The Lord Hawke and the said Francis Fernand Foljambe, and to enable Trustees to make future Exchanges of a detached Part of the Estates of the said Franck Ferrani Foljambe:

An Act for discharging Part of the Leasehold Estates of Edward Baron de Clifford, in Spring Garden, in Middlesex, from the Pin Money, Jointure, and younger Childrens Portions secured thereon, and for making such Portions the first Charge upon the Residue of the Funds subjected thereto, and for empowering the Trustees of the said Baron de Clifford to sell the Remainder of the said Leaseholds, and apply the Produce upon the Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and until Sale, to grant Building and Repairing Leases:

An Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of Mel-gundand Kynnynmond, and other Lands and Estates, comprised in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sir Alexander Murray, Baronet, upon the Thirteenth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and

Limitations

32 Geo. III. 11 0 Junii. 1073

Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of chase Monies arising therefrom either in the Public Royal Assent Entail: Funds, or upon Securities, or in the Purchase of other u,lls-

An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity Uses:

of Bristol to grant a Lease of Part of the Lands of the An Act for vesting those Parts of the Lands and said Dean and Chapter, in the Parish of Saint Michael Estate of and others, which lie in the

the Archangel, in the City of Bristol, for the Purpose of County of Lanerk, in Trustees, for the Purpose of sel-Building thereon: ling or feuing the same, and for investing the Money

An Act for vesting in Trustees the legal Estate in arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands Fee Simple of divers Manors and other Hereditaments, and Estates, more commodious and contiguous to the mortgaged or conveyed in Trust to John Trehawke, other and greater Part of the said Estate of Esquire, deceased, after the Date of his Will: which lies in the County of Renfrew, and for settling

An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish and securing the Lands and Estates, so to be purchased.

Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Mid- to, and in favour of, the same Series of Heirs, in Fee dlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands Tail, and under the same Restrictions, Conditions, belonging to the said Vicarage: and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in

An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, by Colin Campbell, of between the Reverend John Taylor, Curate of the Cu- Blythswood, deceased:

racy of Clifton, in the Parish of Westbury upon Trym, in An Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the County of Gloucester, and Harry Elderton, of the the settled Estates of James Tempter, Esquire, in the City of Bristol, Gentleman, for granting a Building County of Devon, with a Sum of Money to be applied Lease of a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground belong- and disposed of for the Purposes therein mentioned: ing to the said Curacy: An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and

An Act to empower Philip Goldsworthy, Esquire, other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Berks and Tenant for Life under the Will of Martha Gashry, Bucks (being the Estates devised and settled by the deceased, to grant Building or Repairing Leases: Will of Catherine Edwin, Spinster, deceased) in Trus-

An Act to enable the Trustees in the Settlement tees, to be sold and conveyed to John executed on the Marriage of Henry Tongc, Esquire, and Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money Ann Eliza his Wife, to sell and dispose of a Capital ' arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands Messuage or Mansion House, and other Hereditaments, and Hereditaments, to be more conveniently situate, as in the County of Somerset, and to lay out the Money therein mentioned, to be settled to the same Uses as arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Old the said settled Estates now stand settled by the said South Sea Annuities, upon the Trusts of the said Set- Will:

tlement: An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Pa-

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Grif- rish Church of Prestwick cum Oldham, in the County Jith, Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in the Pa- Palatine of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant rish of Kiddinglon alias Cuddington, in the County of Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory:

Chester, and in the Parishes of Llanvilling and Penant, An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a in the County of Montgomery, in Sir Richard Brooke, Partition between Daniel Leo, Esquire, and Letitia his Baronet, as Mortgagee in Fee Simple, and for vesting Wife, and Widow, of several Estates

the Equity of Redemption thereof in the said Thomas in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Carnarvon, late Griffith, and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of the the Estates of John Davies, of Llanerk, Esquire, and said Thomas Griffith, in the Parish of Mold, in the for other Purposes therein mentioned:

County of Flint, in lieu thereof: An Act for effectuating and establishing an Exchange

An Act to enable Edward Curtis, during his Life, agreed upon between Charles Duke of Norfolk, and and, after his Death, the Guardians of his Children, Francis Ferrand Foljambe, Esquire, of certain Lands during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, certain Pieces of Ground at Clifton in the County of , and Derby:

Gloucester: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

An Act for vesting certain settled Leasehold Lands and and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within Tenements of Edward Daniel, Gentleman, and Cathe- the Parish of Welton in the Marsh, in the County of vine his Wife, in that Part of the Parish of Clifton which Lincoln:

lies within the City of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

and for applying the Money arising from the Sale and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the

upon the Trusts of the said settled Estates: County of Lincoln

An Act to enable the Heir, or Heirs at Law', of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

the surviving Trustee of Lands and Hereditaments, and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Liberty of in the Parishes of Chalfont Saint Peter’s and Ivor, in Stanley, in the County of Derby:

the County of Bucks, purchased with Part of the Per- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Ara-

sonal Estate of Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased, by ble Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty- within the Township of Syerston, in the County of third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Nottingham:

George the Second, to sell and convey the same Lands An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-and Hereditaments, for a Consideration to be paid mon Fields, Moors, Meadows, and Pastures, and other into the Hands of the Trustees of the Personal Estate Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Charles Churchill, Esquire, deceased; and also to of Tealby, otherwise Texilby, in the County of Lincoln: enable the said Trustees to invest the said Purchase An Act for inclosing, and leasing or letting, certain Money, and other the said Personal Estate, in the Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be of Colton, in the County of Stafford, and applying the settled to the Uses, and with the Limitations, men- Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate in the said tioned in the said Act of Parliament, and again to sell Parish, and for making Exchanges of Lands within the and dispose of the same Lands and Hereditaments, and said Parish:

any other Lands that may be purchased under the same An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Act, or by virtue of this Act, and to invest the Pur- Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest Vol. 47. of

11° Jiinu>

1792,

ftoval Assent -of Mendip, lying within the Manors of East Harrington to Bills. anc] Chilcot, in the Out Parish of in

WtUs, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow s, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stathcrn, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, called Hexhamshire and Allendale Common, and also certain Town Fields within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for stinting the Depasturing of the other Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Waste Land:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, called Cheslyn Common, in the Liberties of Great Saredon, Little Saredon, and Great JVyrley, in the County of Staff ord:

An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, logs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York, to the Township of West Ayton, in the Parish of Hutton Bushell aforesaid:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Monk Fryston, in the \Vrest Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Tow nship of in the Parish of Billon,

in the County of the City of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the several Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, in the County of Gloucester, and also for settling and ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Parishes:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Town or Hamlet of March, in the Manor and Parish of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and and

in the Parish of Upxcell, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing,

allotting,

and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, and Waste Lands within the Common Fields only, in the Parish of Monk Sherborne, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hemswell, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Coppices, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Palish of Lambley, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosed Common Fields, Common Woods, Wastes, Commons, and other Lands, within the Parish of Ged-

ling, Comprising the several Hamlets of Gcdling, Stole Bardolph, and Carlton, in the County of Nottingham: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Great Weldon and Weldon, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common l'ields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Heaths, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Chapelry of Southleigh, in the Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow s, Forest Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Basford, in the County of Nottingham: An Act to enable Nutcombe Quick, of in

the County of Devon, Clerk, and his first and other Sons and their Issue Male, and his Daughters and their Issue, to take and use the Surname of Nutcombe, according to the last Will and Testament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Joseph Ventura:

An Act for naturalizing Marie Maimoaring and James Mahnraring.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to ster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned; he reported, that there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of tVarren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone through the several Parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Ailing ton, and Aylcsjnrd, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting Relief to Pastors, Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

B:

rx<

As

tro

Sm

P:

in1

Ku

Mi

Trial oi *

T1

ha

to

tv,:

Ju

Cii

Ll

De

Pa

Bil

Mi

Bil

At

m

The Lori have a^rtei to

Medway Nt vkatiOfliU

Li

A

to

Bi

co

Scotch F.[* copal M

Newfound* land Jfldia* lure Bill

32 Geo. III.

11° — 12°Junii

fi.

Pt

mots Mr-iiz<, See. lh«

p Lity. tale

Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Nenfoundland', and the Islands adjacent; without any

Amend ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to exempt certain Letters passing between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce in this Kingdom, containing Agreements with respect to Merchandize, Notes, or Bills of Exchange, from the Stamp Duty now imposed on written Agreements; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An lochffe for amending and more effectually repairing the ‘ Road from The Black Bull in Dunstable, in the

'! .< County of Bedford, to The King's Anns, in in

the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

1 lat- The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this i Tial. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in

the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

L

Martit, 12* die Anno 32* Georgii IITU Regis, 1792. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords by Mr. Eames and

Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Lords agreed

f.r \,

Etions of . ?s> in ' s of

" -''by J:-- :ng,&c.

Act for paving,

cleansing*,

lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Derby, and for selling a certain Piece of Waste Ground, situate within the said Borough, called Nun's Green, towards defraying the Expences of the said Improvements; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually securing to Joseph Booth, and to the Public, the Benefit of a certain Invention or 1 Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain; with some Amendments; to which Amend-i meats the Lords desire the Concurrence of this

t House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

O %

rjs The House proceeded to take the said Amendments

neudments into Consideration.

: ’ . Booth’s , with icnd-1 h*‘‘ its.

Mr.

oth’s Bill jjE *nsidered.

River A i;.e & i I:

XtliL i

[:!iiici. a;:i It.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol loweth; viz.

After " Assigns’’ insert " for the " Term of Fourteen Years."

Leave out " Four," and insert " Eight " Calendar."

After " notwithstanding" insert Clause (A.)

" And whereas humble Application hath been made to His Majesty by the said Joseph " Booth, for further Letters Patent, granting to him, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Fourteen

Vo i.. 47-

Pr. 1. 1. 16. Pr. 2. 1. 36. Pr. 6. 1. 2G. Clause (A.)

1075

(t Years, the sole Use, Benefit,

" and Advantage of his said Invention and Discovery, not only " in Great Britain, hut also in all " His Majesty’s Colonies and " Plantations abroad: And whereas His Majesty has been graciously pleased to sign a \Varrant accordingly, dated the " Fourth Day of June, in the Year " aforesaid, with a Proviso as to " the lnrollment of the particular Description of the Nature " thereof: Be it therefore further " Enacted, That the Delivery of " the particular Description or " Specification required by such " further Letters Patent as shall " be granted as aforesaid, under u the Great Seal of Great Britain,

" and under the Seal appointed " to be used in lieu of the Great u Seal of Scotland, shall and may " be made in Manner aforesaid;

" and such Delivery thereof within the Time to be limited in " such Letters Patent shall be " held, deemed, and taken as a tc full and sufficient Performance " of such Proviso contained in " such further Letters Patent,

" which thereupon shall be as iC good, firm, valid, sufficient, and u effectual in the Law, as if such " particular Description or Spe-iC cification were actually inrolled " in the Manner specified in such " further Letters Patent."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration this Day, after the Members return from the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, in H esi minster Hall.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Taunton whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Hospital Bill Act for appointing Commissioners to sell and dispose re,)0lVv1, uuti of a certain unfinished Building at or near Taunton, in the County of Somerset, intended for a puolic Hospital or Infirmary, and of a Piece of Ground belonging thereto, in case a sufficient Sum of Money shall not he raised by Subscription, within a limited Time, for finishing the said Building, and paying the Money due on Account thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

o 7

found the same to be true; and as it appeared to be a principal Object of the Bill to direct the Manner in which the Consents of the Parties concerned are to be taken before the Bill can be carried into Execution, the Committee did not think it proper to call upon them for their Consents to the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Windham reported from the Committee, to Mr. Mudge’* whom the Petition of Thomas Mudge, Watchmaker, Petition re-was referred; That the Committee had examined the Portcli* Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

12 S delivered

1076 12° Junii. A. 1792.

Mudge’s delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Doctor Znch, took it with him several long Journies by

Time- was read; and is as followeth; viz.Sea and Land, and that he informed him, in the Cor-

keepers. T0 prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. respondence he had with him upon the Subject, and he

William Dutton said, That he was late Partner with also learnt from the Doctor’s Publications, that in the Mr. Kludge the Petitioner, who being brought up a Course of those Journies he had been enabled to ascer-Watchmaker, and having a strong Turn for Mecha- tain the Longitude of several Places with much greater nical Pursuits, from an early Period of his Life de- Exactness than had been done before; and that during voted much of his Attention and Time to the Im- a Course of Sixteen Years, Mr. Mudge's Time-keeper provement of Time-keepers: That the Petitioner in- has been in the Hands of several Persons (he himself, formed him, that from the several Discoveries he had Mr. Graham, and Mr. Dutton being of the Number) made while so employed, he was induced to think, with all of whom, as he understands, it has gone with that by giving up the Whole of his Time to that Ob- a great Degree of Accuracy.

ject, he should be able to bring them to such a Degree Mr. Dutton being further examined, said, That the of Perfection as would render them highly useful to Petitioner having, in the Month of June 1789, com-the Public, and particularly for ascertaining the Lon- pletecl Two more Time-keepers on the same Con-gitude at Sea; under which Idea, as he was informed struction, they' were placed in the Hands of the Astro-by the Petitioner, he gave up the Business of a Watch- nomer Royal, to be tried pursuant to the Act of maker above Twenty Years since (and which Business, Parliament passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign the Witness informed the Committee, was at that of His present Majesty, and that in the Month of Time very considerable) and retired into the Country, 1790 a Year’s Trial expired; and that on or about the where he was unremittingly employed in the Accom- Fourth of December following, the Commissioners of plishment of his Design: That having, after some Longitude, upon the Report made by the Astronomer Years Retirement, finished One Time-keeper, the Pe- Royal, declared themselves of Opinion that the Time-titioner committed it to the Care of the Reverend keeper had not gone within the Limits prescribed by Doctor Hornsby, SavilianProfessor of Astronomy'' at the Act.

Oxford, who (as the Petitioner informed him) having Then the Count further informed your Com-

found it to go with great Accuracy for the Space of mittee, That he thinks, if the most proper Method of Four Months, it was afterwards submitted to be tried Calculation had been adopted for ascertaining of the by the Board of Longitude: That the Commissioners Petitioner’s Time-keepers, it would have been evident of That Board, after a competent Trial, were so well that they had gone much within the Limits which the pleased with it, that they requested the Petitioner to Act prescribes: And Mr. upon being examin-

prosecute his Invention, by having Two Time-keepers ed, was of the same Opinion.

of the same Construction, whereby he might become Mr. Dutton then further said, That Mr. Harrison’s properly a Candidate for the Rewards offered by the Time-keepers (for which he received a Reward from Act; and the Expence being likely to prove greater the Public of 20,000l. in the W’hole) require an ex-than he could sustain without Injury to his Fortune, traordinary Degree of Care to preserve them from Ac-the Commissioners of Longitude granted the Petitioner cident, w'hereas the Petitioner’s Time-keepers require Five hundred Pounds to assist him. — Then, no particular Attention to preserve them from being

Mr. Aaron Graham being examined, said. That injured, in the Years 1784 and 178'), a. Time-keeper of Then Mr. Graham being further examined, said, the Petitioner’s was carried Two Voyages to Next'- That Mr. Harrison's Time-keepers are not in general foundland by the late Vice Admiral Campbell, who had Use in the Navy; and that the Petitioner’s Time-the Command of His Majesty’s Ships upon that Sta- keeper is so permanent as not to be affected by the tion, and to whom the Witness was at that Time Sc- Motion of a Ship at Sea, or by the Shaking of a Car-cretary, which was found to go with so much Accu- riage, and that it has gone with great Accuracy during racy, and to determine the Longitude within so tri- the Two Voyages to Newfoundland. fling a Distance during both Voyages, that he has The Count Bruhl further said, That the Petitioner’s heard him repeatedly declare, it had answ ered every Time-keeper is not liable to be affected by the Motion Purpose that could be desired from such an Invention, of a Ship, or even by the Shaking of a Carriage; and and that he was convinced the Introduction of such that he attributes the extreme Accuracy of the Time-Time-keepers into the Navy would be of great Ser- keeper to the Permanency of its Principles, vice to the Public; and he further declared, that he Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the would never go to Sea without One, when it was by Table, any Means to be procured: And the Witness further

said, That having had in his Possession Three other Mr. presented to the House, by His Ma- Account 01

Time-keepers at different 'limes on different Voyages jesty’s Command, Charge of

to Newfoundland, he found by his Experience Mr. An Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance

Madge"s to go better than the others. for the Year 1790, compared with the Grants by Par- ,y90, pre-

His Excellency Count Bruhl attending your Com- liament, and Sums reserved for the said Year. sented.

mittee, informed them, That the Petitioner’s Time- And the Title of the said Account was read,

keeper was committed to the Care of his Serene The said Account is as followeth

Highness the Duke of Saxe Gotha, whose Astronomer,

A.v ACCOUNT of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1790, compared with the Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved for the said Year; viz.

0 — Grants by Parliament, Charge of the Office of

LAND SERVICE. and Sums reserved. Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceed ings.

ORDINARY. £. s. £. s. d £. s. d £. s. d.

Salaries and Rents at the Tower, &c. - -- - 13)543 \ 13,19° — 5 654 18 7

-01 9 — /

North Britain - -- - 354 10 — 554 10 —

Gibraltar ----- ----- - 1,381 7 6 1,271 17 4 109 10 2

Jamaica - ----- --- 200 15 — 109 10 — 91 5 ~

Antigua - -- 584 5°9 9 3 74 10 9

St. Christopher ----- ----- 584 4ii 3 3 . 172 16 9

Dominica ----- ----- - 584 520 11 6 63 8 6

Pay of Civil Officers Barbadoes ----- ----- - 584 584

and Artificers at - St. Vincent - -- - 584 584

Grenada ----- ----- - 584 456 5 — 127 15 —

Bahama Islands ----- ----- 219 219 -

Quebec - ----- ---- 861 15 — 861 16 9 - — 1 9

Halifax 680 10 - 680 10 —

New Brunswick ----- --- 629 12 6 629 12 4 2

St. John’s and Placentia, in Newfoundland ----- 1,058 10 — 925 12 2 132 17 10

Pay of Master Gunners in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the

Tower of London - -- - - 3,416 17 6 3,212 8 9 204 8 9

Incidents at the several Garrisons in Great Britain ----- --- 18,000 16,660 7 11 i,339 ,2 1

Ordinary Repairs 15,000 13,625 17 2 1,374 2 10

Repairing, &c. Barrack Bedding in the several Forts, &c. in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey 4,379 4 7 4,449 4 9 - 70 — 2

Carried forward - - - £. 63>73i 1 1 59,455 16 7 4,345 6 5 b 70 1 11 c m

GO

to

O

w

o

g

cn

t — +

n‘

CD

Q.

cr <

Brought forward

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower - -

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery - - - _

Pay of Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich Pay of Draughtsmen ——

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensioi and Allowances to Officers for good Services, &c. ——

Fees at the Exchequer, &c. ....

EXTRAORDINARIES.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs, Stores, Current Service, and Fuel for the Troops at St. John’s and Placentia

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - - - - , - - - - .

For Stores sent to replace those destroyed by Lightning ——

Carried forward

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Smi unexpended. 1 Exceedings.

£. s. d. <£. s» dt £, s. d. £. s. d.

63.731 1 1 59>455 16 7 4,345 6 5 70 111

2,000 1,809 8 4 CO w* T* 0 Ch !-«

10,714 15 4 10,688 5 4 26 10 —

123,527 11 81 4,2 3;) 15 IJ 123,504 6 9 4,3i3 —

2,327 15 " 2,327 15 —

2,025 15 — 1,971 16 — 53 19 —

1 20,044 14 5 20,044 14 5

882 882

5,500 1 -i 7 i1J 4,i79 3 5 i,342 14 6

- 4,000 3,388 1 11 611 18 1

2,159 4 5 2,159 4 5

£. 241,224 9 11 230,410 12 2 10,883 19 8 70 1 11

12° Junii. A. 1792.

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

O

O

o

Brought forward - £.

NEW BRUNSWICK:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For Iron* Ordnance, Powder, and other Stores - .-

QUEBEC:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For a Supply of Stores ——

BERMUDA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For Carriages, Powder, Shot, and other Stores ——

BAHAMA ISLANDS:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

JAMAICA:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies....

For an additional Story to the Naval Storehouse, and a new Magazine for the Use of the Navy

ANTIGUA:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

For a Supply of Stores ——

Carried forward - £.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. s. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. j. </.

241,224 9 11 230,410 12 2 10,883 19 8 70 1 11

4,000 — — 1 146 lo — J 702 16 5 3,443 13 7

3,^74 14 5 3,174 14 5

3,000 3,423 6 4 - 423 6 4

2,675 14 1 2,675 14 1

600 1,264 8 6 ..... 664 8 6

1,220 10 1 1,220 10 1

2,500 1,866 5 4 633 14 8

1,000 1 305 19 — 2,215 12 — - 909 13 —

5.000 3,060 10 10 i,939 9 2

17,048 3 3 17,048 3 3

3,422 12 4] 5,500 — — J 8,922 12 4

290,818 13 1 275,985 5 9 16,900 17 1 2,067 9 9

o

to

o

w

o

o

a

p

a

n

o

Brought forward -

St. CHRISTOPHER:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

For a Supply of Stores ——

DOMINICA:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

For a Supply of Stores ——

BARBADOES: For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service

For a Supply of Stores -

St. VINCENT: For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service

For a Supply of Stores -....

GRENADA: For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service For a Supply of Stores -

EAST INDIES:

Carried forward - £.

Pay of Officers, &c.

o

O

cq'

o

t-l

Brought forward -

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Company of Artificers, and for Works, Stores, conveying a Reinforcement of Four Companies of Artillery, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

,/y'. ii. The b'tots'v srnt to (jlbraUar, the li-at Indies, and othe; Plao-.s, have not yet been wholly replaced, as appeals by ’.he ( aserva'ioas on tins Account.

JERSEY:

For Storehouses and Barracks ——

Towards fortifying St. Hillier’s Hill -

For the Purchase of Lands, Ditto ——

For Repairs of Fortifications and Buildings ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers....

GUERNSEY:

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at other Places in the Island

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers.....-

ALDERNEY:

For Carriages and Stores sent - -- --....

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, Current Service, and Contingencies -

NORTH-EAST DISTRICT:

For Current Service, and Contingencies.....-

Carried forward - - - f.

/ , a / ..... . „

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding*.

£. d. 474,476 1 5 £. d. 459,409 10 — £. «. rf. 17,206 12 11 £. t. d. 2,140 1 6 1

111,596 12 4\ 6,307 ' / n8,493 19 9: - 589 17 8

2,000 1 8 8/ 3,*48 8 8

.1,000 — — - 4,000

1,000 m - 1,000 —

‘,3:9 3 6 962 — 10I *>3S 1 821 17 3 1,220 2 5 557 6 3

3,ooq 1 ', S-i 12 1/ 4,792 2 11 32 9 2

962 — 10I 93 :6 3/ 1,055 17 1

103 16 2 103 16 2

6,000 6,000

500 "1 727 8 */ 222 3 4 1,005 5 4

616,339 12 1 595,267 17 7 23,801 13 8 2,739 >9 2

a.

a

32 Geo. III. 12° Jmii. 1081

Brought forward

LANDGUARD FORT:

For Repairs, fitting up Buildings, Current Service, and Contingencies

YARMOUTH:

For Storehouses, Current Service, & c. . ....

CINQUE PORTS:

Current Service, and Contingencies -

O

CQ~

f — H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

OQ

CHATHAM:

For Repairs of the Lines and Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham, Upnor Castle, Cockham Wood, and Howness, and for Current Service and Contingencies

Towards the reveting Townshend’s Redoubt ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -

SHEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies -

GRAVESEND and TILBURY:

For Repairs of the Works ——

FEVERSHAM:

For Repairs, and for erecting Watch Houses, Magazines, Ovens and Refining Houses for Sulphur, Platforms, and a House for Fire Engines, Current Service, and Contingencies

Carried forward - -

o

a

o

rt>

Grants by Parliament, Charge of the Office of ►

and Sums reserved. Ordnance. Sums unexpended. EAreedings.

£. s. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

616,339 12 1 595,26717 L 23,801 13 8 2,729 19 2

99 10 2 9910 2

75 5 7 75 5 7

2,500 — 1,66918 11 830 1 1

6,500 — 7,04017 6 540 17 6

1,000 1,000 — —

1,924 1 8 1,924 1 8

2,000 1,97515 4 K> OO

2,000 — 767 — 3 1,232 19 9

5,68419 91 248 11 9 / 5,93311 6

638,372 1 — 615,75318 6 25,888 19 2 3,270 16 8

O

00

to

tO

to

s

o

PORTSMOUTH: Brought forward -

For Repairs and Contingencies in the Division ——

For improving the Works at Cumberland Fort -

For inclosing the Dock -

For Repairs of Lump’s Battery ——

For Repairs of Eastney Battery ——

For re-building South Sea Castle..... -

For re-building the Two Bridges at Landport Gate ——

For building a new Armoury in the Gun Wharf, for Service of the Navy -

For the Purchase of the Salt Pans at Tipner Point in Portsmouth Harbour, and building an additional Powder Magazine there, for Use of the Navy ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

GOSPORT:

For Fort Moncton - - - -.....- -

For the Sea Wall at Haslar Hospital ——

fH

To continue the Sea Wall erected in Front of Haslar Hospital to Fort Monckton, in order to prevent the Sea from breaking into Haslar Lake, and for making Ground equally solid in all Paris behind the said WTall ——

For Repairs of Breakwaters between Blockhouse Fort and Haslar Hospital -

For necessary Repairs at the Lines at Gosport, Weevill, and Priddy’s Hard -

For Repairs at Blockhouse Fort ——

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

Carried forward - £.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Suras unexpended. Exceedings.

£. s. d. £. s. </.' £ Sm dm £. s. d.

638,372 1 — 615,753 18 6 25,888 19 2 3,270 16 8

4,000 1 i,0()7 7 — J ' 3,935 13 — 1,731 14 —

5,373 6 7 5,373 6 7

1,500 1 5,;i» 1 7 9 J i,971 »3 — 4,264 8 10 955 811 i,97i 13 —

3,-32 — 7 - - 3,232 — 7

5,000 — -- - - 5,000

1,109 ! 5 1,109 10 5

3,\4 5 " 1,988 8 — i,505 17 7

2,000 1 3, 00 — — -J i,915 17 8 3,084 2 4,

1,924 1 81 3 ~ 2/ 2,273 1 10

2,5 2.1 17 3 2,035 11 3 489 6 —

1,09.' 16 11 " - 1,992 16 11

1,000 1 30S i.T — J 1,308 14 — 2,455

1,-93 17 6 317 10 4 1,476 7 2

-SG r 10 26 9 4 . 459 11 6

1,000 303 6 8 696 13 4

1,924 1 81 503 -- jj 2,227 2 1

690,501 12 4 642,832 18 6 50,939 10 6 3,270 16 8 0 1

a

hi

3

32 Geo. III. 12° Junii, 1083

PLYMOUTH.

Brought forward - -

For Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies -

For necessary Repairs at the Lines ——

For Magazines and Canal at Keyham Point - -

For Redoubts on Maker Heights -

For rebuilding a House for the Governor - - - - -.

For Repairs at the Citadel, St. Nicholas Island, and Batteries at the Entrance of Hamoaze -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

WOOLWICH.

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters.

For rebuilding the Wharf -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

ROYAL LABORATORY.

Towards the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers.

ISLE OF MAN.

For Repairs, and Current Service - -

WALTHAM ABBEY.

For Repairs of Buildings, and various Utensils for carrying on the Manufacture of Gunpowder, Current Service, and Contingencies -

TOWER.

For rebuilding the Office destroyed by Fire ——

Carried forward

00

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. 1 Exceedings.

£. s. £. 5. </. £. i'. </. £. J.

690,501 12 4 642,832 18 6 50,939 10 6 3,270 16 8

7,000 ]

0} 7,427 5 6 594 6 2

1,0 2111 0 J %

i/ i V .') 8 336 — 5

32-S 19 6 383 15 7 2,825 3 11

2,770 io- 3 1,434 - 7 — 1,344 12 3

2,259 V. 6 2,259 *3 6

4<. S 7 l - 408 7 1

1,924 1 8 1.924 1 8

1,000 — — 1,000

9,2-0 2 — - 3,230 2 —

1,924 1 8 1,924 1 8

2,000 2,000

400 4H 2 mm — 14 16 2

3,045 15 5} 10 3/ 2,411 2 — 1,914 12 7

7.770 n g 3,770 9 9

726,097 13 5 667,790 11 4 61,592 14 11 3,285 12 10

re >bui(<)in« tho Ollico destroyed l»y I*'iru

o

r

Brought forward

p

eg'

r-+

N'

CD

CL

cr 'c

n

o

ro

SHIPPING:

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY:

For Contingencies For Small Arms

For Stores ——

The Sum r* served for Stores Account'\_

to 3isti event her i 7 ois - -J

Of which there is applied in this A. count in Aid of the supply o Stores at

St . r - j. 5,000 St. - - 5,0 00

Grenada - - 10,000

22,3$C> 1

20,000

For Salt Petre

For Debts incurred previous to the 31st December

Grants 179° ~

Sums re

£. 662,688 1

130,0270

Total Land carried forward

jyr ____The Sums reserved for completing the several Services for

which they were voted in former are in this Account expressed in Red Ink.

* \Jhi

to

O

w

o

Total Land Service, brought forward - £.

SEA SERVICE.

Salaries and Rents -Halifax -

Jamaica -

Antigua -

Kinsale -

Contingencies of the Royal Laboratory Ordnance and Stores

Armament

Making Powder -

Freight - ....

Repairs of Buildings....

Incidents at the several Out Ports ....

Salt Petre - ....

Total Sea Service - £.

Total Land and Sea Service - £.

Note, That besides the above Grants, the following Sums have been received by the Treasurer; viz.

On his voluntary Account - - - _ _ _ _

Cash received to vacate Imprests

Grants by Parliament, Charge of the

and Sums reserved. Office of Ordnance.

802,616 6 9 o\ 0 cr> VO 0 r>. 17 4

£. s. d. £. s. d.

- 13,19° — 4

- - 177 7 4

- 2,211 12 2

- - 800 — —

« — - 223 6 10

- - ' 2,666 14 5

> 52,000 — — 84,159 11 4

105,761 7 8

- - 7,042 11 4

- - 9,424 18 5

- - 2,681 16 9

- 24,799 6 1

> " - - 13,500 — — ’

157,761 7 8 160,877 5 —

96o,377 14 5 866,787 2 4

LAN D. S E A.

6,290 6 5 3, H5 l7 4

38 4 3

6,328 IO 8 3, H5 17 4

Sums unexpended.

106,745 — 10

106,745 — 10

Exceedings.

10,038 u 5

t

3,115 17 4

13,154 8 9

mi r ‘inl o3i 98oi

to

OBSERVATIONS on Account 1790. LAND SERVICE;

The Sums unexpended as per Account amount to - - .

Add, to replace Stores actually issued, as under, viz.

The Stores sent to Gibraltar, the West Indies, and other Places, and charged against the

__1 t*__i*___^ r_-l- — :j t»i-- a- . 0 0

£ *.

106,745 —

d,

10

Grants by Parliament for the said Places in this Account, amount to -The Stores supplied a mount to -

Remains for the Purchase of Stores to replace those issued -

Total unexpended Add also the Voluntary Account ....

Total Exceedings -Total Amount un

Total Sums unexpended as above ....

Of which the following Sums unexpended may be applied in Discharge of Exceedings, Viz.

Salaries and Rents at the Tower -

/ Gibraltar -/ Jamaica -

iv

-£175,35714 1 - 154,919 10

2°,437 15 3

£ 127,182 16

I 127,182 16 1

1 6,328 10 8

/ 133,511 6 9

/ 10,038 11 5

f 123,472 15 4

Officers and; Artificers at

Christopher -u) Dominica -' / Grenada -/ New Brunswick \ Newfoundland -Pay of Master Gunners and Gunners Incidents -

Repairs -

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms Pay of the Corps of Engineers Pay of Draughtsmen -

- £.654 18 7 _ JOQ 1° 3

91 5

74 i°, 9 - 173

638 6 127 15

__ — 2

132 17 10 204 8 9 i,339 72 1,374 3 7£ 190 11 8

26 10 —

53 79 —

Sums to be reserved for the Services for which they were voted ~

Balance unexpended. Land Service -SEA SERVICE:

The Total Exceedings amount to -

From which has been deducted sundry Bills for Sea Service, Stores isssued for Service, and charged to that Account

Which reduces the Exceedings as stated in this Account to -Deduct the Voluntary Account

Deduct the Balance exceeded on closing Accounts to 31st December 1789 .

Balance unexpended 31st December 1700.

Office of Ordnance,

1 1 th June 1 792. G. Crawfurd,

Clerk of the Ordnance.

4,616

35,515

32,399

3, U5 17 3, H5 17

906 6~

~J59__8_5

£\ / 3461Jit

GO

to

O

w

o

V

s?

os

'I'he Lords have agreed to

Shelton Road Bill.

1088 12°

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Eames and

Mr. Sprangtr:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

13° ¥untu

A. 1792.

were called over; and they went to the Places in JFest* minster Hull appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by

Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the their Counties, as usual; and they went into Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the ster Hall accordingly;

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknall to Coyney,

and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and h orn the same Road to the Road between Blyth Marsh and

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Order made this Day, for taking into further Lords Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill intituled, An Act for more

Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the County of Staf- to Joseph Booth, and to the Public, the Benefit of

Shipton Sol-lers, &c. Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

ford, so far as the same relates to the Road from Shelton to Blakeley Lane Head, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Grounds, Hills, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Loiter otherwise Nether

a certain Invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, being read;

And the House being informed that James Poole, Clerk of the Patents, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, produced His Majesty’s Warrant, dated the 4th Day of -this Instant

to

the Attorney or Solicitor General, directing them to Shipton Sailers and Shipton OUife, in the Parishes of prepare a Patent to Joseph Booth, his Executors, Ad-

Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the County of Glou- ministrators, or Assigns, for the sole Use and Benefit of his Invention of a Machine or Apparatus, and certain Chemical Compositions and Processes, for the

cester, and some Pieces of Land which extend into the Parishes of Whittington and Dowdesiocll, in the same County; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

Lords

to'^D" BUIntS "lt0 Consideration.

agreed to And the said Amendments were read; and are as

Purpose of making, in a Manner entirely new, various Kinds of Woollen and other Cloths, and a great Variety of other Articles; together with His Majesty’s Letters Patent, granted in consequence thereof,

followeth; xiz Pr. 25. 1

Pr. 44- I 36. Pr. 47- 1. 5-

" their Tythes respectively.’

nnttA r\nt fmtn A u7urrlM Jq

And*

Leave out from " Award* in Press 46. 1. 39.

After only" insert " except the

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments dated this 12th Day ot June 1792*

~ And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the said Warrant and Letters Patent were read.

Then the Amendments made by the Lords to the 7. After uAct" insert " in lieu of said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were,

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferguson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed said several and respective Rec- to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

" tors and their Successors." ,

The said Amendments being severally read a Se- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and ThtLori cond Time, were, upon the Question severally put Mr. Spranger: have^-w

thereupon, agreed to by the House. Mr. Speaker,

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Servants to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath - for preventing the counterfeiting of Certificates of the agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord- Characters of Servants; without any Amendment: And ships. , also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Mr. IU«-

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this ,at their Lordshipss will proceed further in the

House, do go. with the Mace, into the Lobby? and Trialiof Butty;, Lsquire, upon the Second

Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster^1" th.® n®'t Se8s,on of F"dlame"<-Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their And then ,he Messengers "'"idrew.

Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire,

04

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 13° die Junii;

Anno 32* Georgii III*11 Regis, i 792.

Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were J01*^ not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

32 Geo. 111.

14° — 15° J\

win.

108£>

Jovis, 14*;

Anno 320 Georgii III111 Regis, 1792.

s to

>ses.

Lord

1 that

pensation to be made for such Losses and Damages as His Majesty shall think proper; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to Compensa-direct such Compensation, as His Majesty shall think

Prayers.

Viscount Parker reported to the House, their Addresses of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds to be advanced.

to John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards made to the Commissioners appointed to en- for regulating

defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this (luire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suf- the shipping House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have fered in consequence of several Acts of Parliament, of Slave5‘ been, or shall be incurred, on Account of the printed passed for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves Journals and Reports of this House; and also, that in British Vessels from the Coast of and to

His Majesty would be graciouly pleased to give Direc- assure His Majesty, that this House will make good

" " ..... the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

lions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed, by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure . His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

The Lords -have agreed i;U>

Bristol Gaols Bill.

ci

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol, and for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the

lltuti

ii C: Middlesex Justices Bilk

as 1*

same; and for disposing of the present Common Gaol of the said City of Bristol, and County of the same City, and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 15* die Junii;

Anno 32* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

AM ES S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Fames The Lords and Mr. Spranger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Whitehaven for further enlarging and improving the Harbour of Harbour Util. Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Viscount Parker reported to the House, that Answers to their Addresses of Y esterday (that His Majesty would Addresses, be graciously pleased to direct Enquiry to be made into the Amount of the Losses and Damages sustained by the Trustees of the Protestant Dissenting Meeting House, lately standing in New Meeting , within the Town of Birmingham, by Reason of the Destruc-

rnl ts? ffl’ntt1'

Steal

of National Debt.

without any Amendment: And also,

An k Bill to direct The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; ul App'ica- to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-

w. h ditional Sum 8lx-th Year of His present Majesty’s lleign, intituled, tion of the said Meeting House, during the late Riots to Reduction " An Act for vesting certain bums in Commissioners there, and to direct such Compensation to be made for " at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by such Losses and Damages as His Majesty shall think " them applied to the Reduction of the National proper; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously " Debt," and to direct the Application of an additional pleased to direct such Compensation, as His Majesty Suln to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of fu- shall think fit, to be made to the Commissioners ap-ture Loans; without any Amendment. pointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons

And then the Messengers withdrew. who have suffered in consequence of several Acts of

Parliament passed for regulating the shipping and car-Address for . The House was moved, That the Petition of Josephrying Slaves in Vessels from the Coast of

Compensa- Smith, John Kettle, John Lee, Benjamin Mansell, - and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make

l)Tstruction mas Russell, William Russell, and John Ryland, all now good the same) had been presented to His Majesty;

of*a Dissent- or late of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, on and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint

inu Meeting, the Behalf of themselves, and John Roebuck, late of Bir-HouseinBir- mingham aforesaid, now of Boness, in North Britain,

mingham.

this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

hv

eri w.

Doctor in Physic, which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of May last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

A Message from Ills Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly neux. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers, direct Enquiry to be made into the Amount of the Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Losses and Damages sustained by the Trustees of the to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased Protestant Dissenting Meeting House, lately standing to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and in New Meeting Street, within the Town of Birmingham, ~~ by Reason of the Destruction of the said Meeting House, during the late Riots there; and that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to direct such Com-Vol. 47.

Royal Awei to Bills,

Private Bills following; vi

An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners

1090 15° Jumi. A. 1792.

" missioners at the End of every Quarter of a. Year, " to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt," and to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans:

An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies:

An Act for granting Relief to Pastors, Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland:

An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newjoundland, and the Islands adjacent:

An Act to exempt certain Letters passing between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce in this Kingdom, containing Agreements with respect to Merchandize, Notes, or Bills of Exchange, from the Stamp Duty now imposed on written Agreements:

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel:

An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of Certificates of the Characters of Servants:

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Medzcay, from the Town of Maidstone through the several Parishes of MaidstoneBox ley, and

Aylesford, in the County of Kent:

An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol, and for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the same; and for disposing of the present Common Gaol of the said City of Bristol, and County of the same City, and for other Purposes:

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Derby, and for selling a certain Piece of Waste Ground, situate within the said Borough, called Nuns Green, towards defraying the Expence of the said Improvements;

An Act for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour, of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of upon Tweed,

for a limited Time:

An Act for more effectually securing to Joseph Booth, and to the Public, the Benefit of a certain Invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain:

An Act for further enlarging and improving the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of

An Act for amending and more effectually repairing the ltoad from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to The King’s Arms, in Hock-lisse, in the said County:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknall to W°.ston Coyncy, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between Blyth Marsh and 'Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the Road from Shelton to Blakeley Lane Head, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney:

An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof:,

An Act for appointing Commissioners to sfell and dispose of a certain Unfinished Building at or near Taunton, in the County of Somerset, intended for a public Hospital or Infirmary, and of a Piece of Ground belonging thereto, in case a sufficient Sum of Money shall not be raised by Subscription, within a limited Time, for finishing the said Building, and paying the Money due on Account thereof:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadow's and Pasture, Waste Grounds, Hills, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Lower otherwise Nether Dampen, Shipton Sellers and Shipton OUiffe, in the Parishes of Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the County of Gloucester, and some Pieces of Land which extend into the Parishes of Whittington and Dffwdeswell, in the same County.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth;

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I cannot close the present Session of Parliament without returning you My particular Thanks for the Attention and Diligence with which you have applied yourselves to the Dispatch of Public Business, and especially to the important Objects which I recommended to your Consideration.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Readiness with which you have granted the necessary Supplies, and the fresh Proof which you have given of your constant Affection for My Person and Family, in enabling Me to provide for the Establishment of My Son, the Duke of York, call for My warmest Acknowledgments. I have also observed, with the utmost Satisfaction, the Measures which you have adopted for the Diminution of the Public Burthens, while you have, at the same Time, made additional Provision for the Reduction of the present National Debt, and established a permanent System for preventing the dangerous Accumulation of Debt in future.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have seen with great Concern the Commencement of Hostilities in different Parts of Europe. In the present Situation of Affairs, it will be My principal Care to maintain that Harmony and good Understanding, which subsists between Me and the several belligerent Powers, and to preserve to My People the uninterrupted Blessings of Peace; and the Assurances which I receive from all Quarters of a friendly Disposition towards this Country, afford Me the pleasing Hope of succeeding in these Endeavours.

The recent Expressions of your uniform and zealous Attachment to the established Government and Constitution, leave Me no Room to doubt that you will, in your several Counties, be active and vigilant to maintain those Sentiments in the Minds of My faithful People; and I have the Happiness of receiving continued and additional Proofs of their just Sense of the numerous and increasing Advantages which they now enjoy under the Protection and distinguished Favour of Providence.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said,

My Ix>rds and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that P»rli*1 this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday, the 30th PrQr<,--v Day of August next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the 30th Day of August next.

32>Geo. III.

30° Augusti. — 15" Novembris. 1091

Jovis, 30° die Augusti; Jovis, 20* die Novembris;

Anno 32* Georgii lll,u Regis, 1792.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday, the 15th Day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until,

the 15th Day of November next.

Anno 32* Georgii III*a Regis, 1792.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the PTOrosa«d‘ Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up t the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday, the jd Day of January next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday, the 3d Day of January next.

h j

i:'4

V:,

UTf.

-.Vi.

r->;

\m Afe

rn tr* V

I; v,

lectio

ic«

it

To i. 47.

\2Y

A. 1792.

By the King.

A PROCLAMATION.

Proclamation.

George R. 'y,'HEREAS

by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of Our Reign, intituled, "An Act " for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part " of Great Britain called England, " it is Enacted, That it shall be lawful for Us, in the Cases, and in Manner therein mentioned, the Occasion being first declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then sitting, to order and direct the drawing out and embodying of Our Militia Forces, or any Part thereof: And whereas We have received Information, that in Breach of the Laws, and notwithstanding Our Royal Proclamation of the Twenty-first Day of May last, the utmost Industry is still employed by evil-disposed Persons within this Kingdom, acting in Concert with Persons in Foreign Parts, with a View to subvert the Law's and established Constitution of this Realm, and to destroy all Order and Government therein; and that a Spirit of Tumult and Disorder thereby excited has lately shewn itself in Acts of Riot and Insurrection: And whereas, under the present Circumstances, it is more particularly necessary, that, for the immediate Suppression of such Attempts, some Addition should be made, as the Exigency of the Case may require, to the Force which may be in Readiness to act for the Support of the Civil Magistrate: We therefore, being determined to exert the Powers vested in Us by Law for the Protection of the Persons, Liberties, and Properties of Our faithful Subjects, and fully relying on their Zeal and Attachment to Our Person and Government, and to the happy Constitution established in these Kingdoms, have thought fit to declare in Our Council Our Royal Intention, for the Causes and on the Occasion aforesaid, to draw out and embody such Part of Our Militia Forces as may more immediately enable Us to provide for the said important Objects. And We do hereby, in pursuance of the said recited Act, notify to all Our loving Subjects Our said Intention, and the Causes and Occasion thereof.

Given at Our Court at Windsor, the First Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, and in the Thirty-third Year of Our Reign.

God save the King.

By the King.

A PROCLAMATION.

George R.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of Our Reign, intituled, "An Act " for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part " of Great Britain called England," it is Enacted, That whenever We shall cause the Militia to be drawn out and embodied, on the Occasions and in the Manner therein mentioned, if the Parliament shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within Fourteen Days, We may and shall issue Our Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parlia-meet within Fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet and sit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to sit and act in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day: And whereas We have thought fit, in pursuance of the said Act, this Day, to declare in Our Council certain Causes and Occasions moving Us to order and direct, that such Part of Our Militia Forces as may more immediately enable Us to provide for the important Objects therein mentioned, should be drawn out and embodied: And whereas, in pursuance of the said recited Act, We have thought fit, on this Day, to issue Our Royal Proclamation notifying the Causes and Occasions so declared in Council as aforesaid: And whereas Our Parliament now stands prorogued to Thursday the Third Day of January next; We therefore, by the Advice of Our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare Our Royal Will and Pleasure, That our said Parliament shall, on Thursday the Thirteenth Day of this Instant December, be held for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs. And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give Attendance accordingly at Westminster on the said Thirteenth Day of December.

Given at Our Court at Windsor, the First Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two, and in the Thirty-third Year of Our Reign.

Procfemt*.

God save the King.

[Index removed.]

